    Ms. Realuyo. Thank you, Chairman Fitzpatrick, Vice Chairman Pittenger, Ranking Member Lynch, and members of the task force for the opportunity to appear before you today to testify on the dangerous nexus of terrorism, crime, and corruption that threatens U.S. national security at home and abroad.    Illicit networks of terrorists, criminals, and their facilitators actively capitalize on weak governance, black markets, and corruption to challenge security and prosperity around the world. After examining the critical enablers of these networks, in particular financing, and illustrating the convergence of illicit networks in the case of ISIL, I will propose some specific measures to further leverage our financial instrument of national power to combat terrorism, crime, and corruption.    Illicit networks threaten the four key missions of the nation-state: to provide security; promote prosperity; safeguard the rule of law; and ensure that the government represents the will of the people. Illicit actors require critical enablers to realize their political and revenue objectives. They are leadership, personnel, illicit activities, logistics, communications, weapons, technology, corruption, and financing.    Financing is the most vital enabler, since money serves as the oxygen for any activity. Consequently, following the money trail is instrumental to detect, disrupt, and dismantle these networks. Since 9/11, the United States has countered terrorist financing through intelligence and law enforcement operations, including the Iraq and Afghan Threat Finance Cells, public designations and sanctions, and capacity-building programs.    As a result of these efforts, the al Qaeda operatives complained about a lack of funding for terrorist operations, and the Mexican cartels realized that they could no longer easily launder profits through banks. Other measures to combat the financing of terrorism and crime have also unexpectedly weeded out graft and corruption at the highest levels of government.    Terrorism, crime, and corruption have existed since the dawn of time, but now they have gone global with record levels of profits and violence. In many cases terrorists, cartels, and gangs are better armed and funded than the very government services security forces responsible for confronting them.    We are witnessing a dangerous convergence of terrorism and crime that threatens our national security. Convergence is the process of coming together and having one interest, purpose, or goal. Certain groups are demonstrating a hybrid terror-crime behavior, such as the Haqqani Network in Afghanistan, the FARC in Colombia, Hezbollah, and ISIL.    All eyes are now on ISIL, with its brutal beheadings, military advances in Syria and Iraq, and dramatic foreign fighter flows. It is an example of convergence with its ambitions for a caliphate and profit-seeking criminal activity. ISIL requires significant financing to realize its evil agenda and is considered the richest terrorist group in the world.    As you all know, it derives much of its income from illegal oil sales, with additional funding from extortion, kidnapping, stolen antiquities, human trafficking, and some donations from external individuals.    One of the nine lines of effort of the U.S. strategy to counter ISIL is disrupting its finances. It is focused on disrupting its revenue streams, restricting its access to international financial systems, and targeting ISIL leaders and facilitators with sanctions.    On the military front, Operation Inherent Resolve has conducted air strikes against ISIL oil infrastructure and supply networks in Syria and Iraq. As of May 8th, 152 targets have been damaged or destroyed, according to U.S. Central Command.    This past weekend, U.S. Special Forces conducted a daring raid in Syria against Abu Sayyaf, a senior leader considered the chief financial officer of ISIL. This operation illustrates the growing importance of targeting ISIL's finances and how valuable the financial intelligence collected at the target site could be to attack its networks.    To counter illicit networks, we need to further leverage the financial instrument of national power, and I propose the five following measures. Number one, increase resources to government agencies to investigate and prosecute terrorism, crime, and corruption. Number two, retain the Afghan Threat Finance Cell and establish new ones to target emerging threats like ISIL. Number three, revitalize the interagency Terrorist Financing Working Group to coordinate all activities across agencies. Number four, dedicate a percentage of the fines from sanctions evasion and money laundering to directly support counterthreat finance programs. And lastly, promote public-private partnerships to empower the private sector to serve as our eyes and ears to detect financial crimes.    In conclusion, we must understand the illicit networks that confront us and deny their assets to critical enablers. Stemming the flow of funding to groups like ISIL and Hezbollah can neutralize their virulent agenda. Only through comprehensive, proactive interagency and international strategies can we effectively combat terrorism, crime, and corruption around the world, and the financial instrument of national power is a critical tool of which we must take advantage.    Thank you for your time and attention.    Ms. Realuyo. One of the lessons learned, unfortunately, from our experiences in Iraq and Afghanistan, has been that interagency, and more importantly, collaborative fusion cells have been extremely effective, particularly when you are designing a list of targets, and more importantly, harvesting information that comes of a financial and economic nature, to actually incorporate it within our broader set of understanding these adversaries.    In terms of Latin America, it would depend on different groups. Also, more importantly, since a lot of the activities are drug trafficking related, as well as human trafficking related, we would have to try to figure out which of the agencies would be the most suited. So it is a concept of actually creating a task force.    In the case of post-9/11, the joint terrorism task forces that were established by the FBI are a model that has been studied by many academics such as myself, as well as other ways to actually leverage the know-how and then more importantly the resources that each of the agencies brings to bear.    One other one which we did not discuss today is a very effective one under the U.S. Southern Command, which is the Joint Interagency Task Force-South, it is called JIATF-South, based in Key West, Florida. It actually is interagency with all of the uniformed services, but even more importantly, the intelligence and the law enforcement agencies represented there, as well as liaison, full-time liaison officers from other countries.    Their primary mission is countering illicit trafficking, which already reflects the way that they are changing the look of the--it used to be just drug trafficking. They are actually are encountering a lot of precursor chemicals, as well as, sadly, alien smuggling going through there. So there is a greater way of how we can use these lessons learned, and then more importantly, apply them to what we call emerging threats.    Ms. Realuyo. There is the decision specifically to target the oil infrastructure through the military campaign that I described in my testimony, and there has been damage done. But the bigger problem is that we cannot actually outright destroy the actual supply routes that feed the regular illicit economy as well as the movement of people who are actually the innocents who are basically in the way of a lot of the ISIL.    A lot of the market is actually driven by more localized consumption. So I have been asked a lot--having worked on Wall Street at one point, looking at oil markets, it is not--actually, this oil is not entering global OPEC markets. It is actually a question of how to stem the demand locally. A lot of it is crossing into Turkey, which is disturbing. But, more importantly, it is driven by those who are daily looking for a cheaper gallon of gasoline.    Ms. Waters. Thank you very much.    I would like to continue with the discussion about money laundering, and I am interested in pursuing information or closing, in time, money-laundering loopholes for persons involved in real estate closings. And this is, I suppose, a question for Ms. Realuyo.    An investigation recently conducted by The New York Times revealed the ease by which anonymous foreign billionaires can purchase luxury real estate in the United States with few questions asked. In fact, nearly half of the most expensive residential properties in the United States are now purchased anonymously through shell companies.    One of the reasons few questions are asked about a buyer's identity is because FinCEN has exempted persons involved in real estate settlements and closings from having to ask basic questions as part of maintaining an anti-money-laundering compliance program in accordance with the Bank Secrecy Act.    The PATRIOT Act allows FinCEN to temporarily exempt certain entities from the requirement to establish anti-money-laundering programs. One of the exemptions was persons involved in real estate closings and settlements.    Do you believe that large cash purchases of luxury real estate by anonymous buyers could pose money-laundering risks that need to be addressed?    Ms. Realuyo. That has always been a question in terms of what we call covert institutions since, basically, the wake of 9/11, the idea that other businesses, including real estate, could be used to launder money as well as move funds that are of an illicit nature.    Under the banking system, you are very well aware of the Know Your Customer practice. So there have been moves afoot not just in the United States, but around the world, to actually try to enforce a broadening of the coverage of who would be required to know your customer and, more importantly, taking a look at things such as real estate.    I do a lot of work in Mexico, where this is a huge issue, of the cartels actually buying businesses, but, more importantly, real estate. And now there is a move afoot there for notary publics, who are critical in order to actually transact the purchase or the sale, to actually also be required to do reporting and due diligence on their clients. And it is something that we might be able to consider here in terms of the United States. as well.    A lot of the flows of the money, particularly in real estate here in the United States, by foreigners is also suspect of tax evasion of their home jurisdiction, which is something that we should also be concerned about, particularly if that money is coming from corrupt governments abroad who are coming to seek financial safe haven within the United States markets.    Ms. Waters. Several years ago, I became interested in money laundering because we discovered that one of our national banks had purchased a lot of the small banks in Mexico that were known to launder drug money.    And so, in taking a look at that, we discovered that our banks were not following any Know Your Customer policy. I don't even think they had a registration on hand for one of the officials at that time--I think it was a brother of one of the presidents of Mexico--who had large sums of money in this bank. And, of course, the same thing was true with the Abacha brothers from Nigeria, who had all of their money in our banks.    While, of course, I am interested in this real estate aspect of it, you did mention--you brought up Know Your Customer problems with our banks.    And given that the statute that I referenced allowed only temporary exemptions, do you believe it is time that those involved in these types of real estate transactions should be required to implement U.S. anti-money-laundering programs?    Ms. Realuyo. Yes. And that is actually what we are trying to take a look at now. As financial innovations and new ways of moving and potentially laundering money or financing terrorism evolve, things such as the virtual world, we need to think about legislation that keeps up with these financial innovations in order to preclude dirty money from entering the U.S. system.    Thank you very much for your interest on this topic. But anything that moves in terms of hiding money, the criminals and terrorists are very good at trying to circumvent our measures.    Ms. Realuyo. More importantly, the bigger question is after you bomb the oil wells, whomever is going to hopefully take back that territory in a legal manner, this is a bigger question of infrastructure--right?--in terms of--that is actually the question.    They have been targeting those mobile refineries because they are taking a look at the supply chain just like any business in terms of--    Ms. Realuyo. One of the concerns that several of us have who are looking at different scenarios of how the Iran nuclear deal might turn out--one of the objections that several who are, I say, proponents of the sanctions regime, the sanctions brought the Iranians to the negotiating table. That is clear. More importantly, the Iranian economy is so suffocated now because of the sanctions.    One of the scenarios that the Iranians would like is immediately upon signature of the agreement that there would be an automatic lifting of the sanctions. And it is very hard to put back in place the genie that is out of the bottle. The bigger issue, too, is you have now a global sanctions regime.    And you know the United States issues sanctions as well as the EU and other countries and then, more importantly, on an international level. Once you actually have countries who are hoping to do business with Iran, not necessarily the United States, see the opening of the lifting of the sanctions, it will be very hard to actually apply what are these so-called snapback sanctions.    More importantly, you will see that they will be able to enter into the global economy licitly as well as illicitly. And, as we all know, Iran is a state sponsor of terrorism, as declared by the State Department. But, more importantly, it is the godfather and patron of Hezbollah, which we haven't raised today, and is actually supplying the foreign fighters for the Assad regime in Syria.    It is so complex and convoluted. But if we take a look at it from an economic point of view, other countries who would like to do trade with Iran or, more importantly, get access to the oil that Iran produces, once you lift the punitive measures of the sanctions, it would be very, very hard to backtrack and re-impose them.    Ms. Realuyo. You would actually list first the financial sections, which means that Iran would be able to bank globally, which is perhaps the most painful of the sanctions piece.    More importantly, if we take a look at it from a physical trade piece, their ability to actually think about importing or exporting components that perhaps could be used for other nuclear aspirations.    In terms of the bank itself, we all--and when I was working at Goldman Sachs, I did a ton of compliance. And, more importantly, there are several who are anticipating--not necessarily U.S. institutions, but other global financial actors, who are going to see this and seize the opportunity to increase their physical ability to access Iran.    Once Iran actually also lines its coffers with more money, they will be able to use that money, particularly since there is not a lot of difference between the state and the private sector, the way we have it here in the United States, and that is the thing that we fear.    Doug Farah and I spent a lot of time taking a look at how Iran and its, let's say, actors in the region and Latin America could also destabilize other parts of the world with its nefarious agenda.    Ms. Realuyo. It is one of the things that has actually limited them from supporting Hezbollah as--    Ms. Realuyo. The current sanctions have.    So if you think about it, if that is the measure and they are actually going to alleviate a lot of the economic stress that the country that is a state sponsor is actually--it is a question of--we have been able to basically make their pockets smaller--right?--as a global sanctions regime.    And more importantly, the question is, what are they going to use with all the income they are going to have once they re-enter the global marketplace, whether it is financial as well as the import and export in trade. And there are more than enough other countries that are interested in doing business with Iran.    And, unfortunately, that is the downside of globalization, which I also wrote about in my testimony. As we benefited tremendously from a productive and interconnected world, unfortunately, the terrorists and the criminals are taking the same advantages.    Ms. Realuyo. The U.S. Marshals Service actually manages all of the assets that are seized. So there is freezing, which you are very familiar with, but then there is an actual seizure of assets. This has probably been much more popularized through movies that kind of look at the DEA and their raids and going after cartels.    The question then is--it is then divided among the different agencies that were involved in that actual operation. And it is actually a very interesting U.S. model that we are exporting to other partner nations who are looking at asset forfeiture as a very useful tool.    There are two things that they say in Mexico that the cartel leaders are worried about: first, extradition to a solitary cell without a cell phone into the United States; and second, and more importantly, the actual expropriation of their funds, that their children will live less luxurious a life than themselves.    And I have actually advocated that in the actual seizure of those funds, but more importantly, the fines that are levied to the banks and institutions that are violating known sanctions, regimes, and laundering money, there should be a portion dedicated to actually helping those who have actually been involved in uncovering and then, more importantly, investigating and prosecuting these crimes.    I think you have heard so much about how within the U.S. Government there are really fantastic experts and analysts who are doing this, but because of the shortages of financial and, more importantly, human resources and, unfortunately, too, the fact that many of our best experts are actually leaving and going to the private sector, we need to really work on capacity building within the U.S. Government for combating terrorism, crime, and corruption, particularly through that financial end.    Ms. Realuyo. I think it is of grave concern. Here in the United States, we focus primarily on the nuclear deal, when at the same time a lot of our Arab allies are much more focused on Iranian expansionism, and, more importantly, they talk about the revival of a Persian empire.    You have actually seen now the influence of Iran in four major capitals. They call it the Shia Crescent. And several of our Arab Gulf State allies are worried about becoming a Shia circle. They have, basically, control or influence in Baghdad, in Lebanon, in Syria, and, sadly, what you are seeing devolve in Yemen.    So it is not even a question of a state-sponsored terrorism. It is this question about Iran hegemony in the Middle East, which is so complex because of the religious angle as well as the historical rivalries.    It is something I think that we are not really covering here in the press as much. Since we are so focused on the Iranian nuclear deal, we are not looking at the geopolitical aspirations of Iran.