    Mr. Pallone. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I want to thank you and the ranking member of the subcommittee for holding today's legislative hearing on the EPS Improvement Act of 2010. This bill authored by Representatives Ellmers and DeGette would exempt LED consumer light bulbs from new mandatory efficiency standards for external power supplies. And the development of LED light bulbs has been an energy efficiency success story and I am concerned about any action no matter how well intentioned that might interfere with that success.    More than a decade ago, Congress amended the Energy Policy and Conservation Act to set efficiency standards for external power supplies. An external power supply, or EPS, is typically used to convert household electric current to help operate consumer products. For most Americans that means the big plugs that are associated with laptop computers, home cordless phones, answering machines and the like. As part of this regulation, the DOE has moved forward on a plan to include power drivers for solid state lighting which are an integral part of highly efficient LED replacement light bulbs. In its comments with stakeholders it is clear that DOE needs statutory authority to alter the law's definitions.    Meanwhile, the National Electrical Manufacturers Association argued that Congress didn't intend to cover consumer LED light bulbs when it enacted EPACT 2005, or when it amended the law in the 2007 Energy Independence and Security Act. I am inclined to agree that Congress did not intend to capture LED light bulbs in the 2014 rule. The regulation of EPSs has been discussed at length both in this committee and within the stakeholder community. Never once had LED light bulbs been contemplated; instead, the discussion was focused on television sets, computers and stereo equipment.    So it is clear to me, however, that Congress' multiple efforts to legislate in this area over a short time frame has added confusion rather than clarity to the statute who explicitly carved out some things like medical devices from the definition of an EPS, but we did not carve out LED light bulbs. I think that had we known more about the workings of LED light bulbs at the time we would have exempted them specifically from mandatory efficiency standards from the start.    So right now, a modern LED light bulb that replaces the kind of 60-watt light bulb we used in the last century will only consume nine watts of power to produce the same amount of light, last for a decade, and sells for as little as $3.99. That is a great deal for any consumer and I see no benefit to the consumer, the environment or the economy from regulating the efficiency of these light bulbs at this time.    I am encouraged by today's legislative hearing to put this issue in perspective and I am hopeful we can work together to expeditiously move this bill forward. And I would just like now to yield the balance of my time to the lead sponsor of the legislation, the gentlewoman from Colorado, Ms. DeGette.