    Mr. Conyers. All the big three.    Mr. Conyers. Thank you so much, Mr. Chairman. Members of the Committee, this bill would create an exception for certain automotive parts from patent protection, and so we should review the bill's impact on patent law, but also on consumers. To begin with, we should consider whether the exception in this bill to design patent law undermines our intellectual property system. Intellectual property protection is a cornerstone of our economy. This legislation, however, creates an exception for design patents, and could arguably weaken our patent system. It could foster the importation and sale of all unauthorized copies of patent protected vehicle parts. Automotive companies make significant investments in the development of new exterior automotive parts. Then they acquire a design patent so other companies cannot use these designs without their approval. Our patent system protects the patent holder, as it should.    Now, if Congress is going to legislate a carve-out in patent law, the reasons for it should be exceptional. Supporters of this legislation contend that Congress needs to create an exception because the cost of replacement parts offered by car companies is too expensive. They argued that lower prices would benefit consumers who need to make repairs to their vehicles. But automotive manufacturers may raise prices on new cars to replace lost revenue parts that would otherwise infringe their design patents are allowed on the trade market. This will hit consumers' pocketbooks when they go to purchase new cars and trucks, and it will hurt car companies who are still getting back on their feet. We have heard this cost argument in other situations, but if we weaken the patent system by creating an exception, we will be weakening the incentive for companies in every industry to be innovative and to bring new products to market. Finally, we must consider how the bill would impact consumer safety. I am concerned that off brand parts in general may be less safe than those provided by car companies because there are no Federal regulations requiring minimum safety standards for off-brand parts. In fact, the vast majority of these parts are never subject to inspection by third party testing organizations.    Without Federal minimum safety standards on the quality of non-original replacement parts, consumers' safety may be at risk. Consumers already have a difficult time telling the difference between a quality part and an inferior or even dangerous one. An exception to patent protection as proposed by the measure under examination this afternoon could make this problem worse. While a part protected by a design patent is not necessarily a guarantee of quality, the fact is, is that if car companies churn out inferior or defective parts, they are ultimately held accountable. I am sympathetic to the consumer cost concerns that supporters of this bill are raising today. But I am not yet convinced that such an exception will bring forth the benefits they claim will come. While there is no guarantee that the insurance companies will pass savings onto consumers, what is guaranteed is that if this bill passes, there will be more unregulated, untested car parts on the market, and we will see many more groups seeking exceptions to our patent laws. And for these reasons, I come to this hearing skeptical of creating an exception in our design patent laws as envisioned by the measure before us today. And I thank the Chairman, and yield back.    Mr. Conyers. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. First, I would like to enter into the record the following two letters. <greek-l>Missing deg.One is from original equipment manufacturers, labor unions, automotive trade associations, and the Intellectual Property Owners Association opposing this legislation. The other is a letter from the American Bar Association, IP law section.    Mr. Conyers. Quite all right. Thank you. Could I ask Attorney Burris about the ability to receive patent protection for an invention encourages innovation? It provides an incentive to create new products or improve upon other products. How would this legislation, in your view, affect creativity and innovation?    Mr. Conyers. And thank you. And how, Attorney Burris, would it impact jobs in the automotive manufacturing industry?    Mr. Conyers. Thanks so much. What do you think if this legislation were to pass, other industries would request similar legislation to shorten patent protections?    Mr. Conyers. Now supporters of this bill might argue that these are just patents on the look and style of the exterior car parts, so they do not need usual patent term protections. Do you think they are correct?    Mr. Conyers. Let's see, Mr. Risley has left. Let's see. Mr. Gillis, I am concerned that the consumer safety could be threatened if this legislation were to pass. Do we have Federal laws in place that would ensure that replacement parts from independent vendors or overseas vendors would meet the high safety standards that we would place on automobile manufacturers here in the United States?    Mr. Conyers. Thank you very much. Mr. Chairman, I yield back.