    Mr. Thompson. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, for holding today's hearing.    Commissioner Kerlikowske and Ms. Johnson, thank you, also, for appearing today.    This committee has a long-standing, bipartisan interest in strengthening the Visa Waiver Program. In 2007, with the enactment of legislation I authored the implementation--Implementing Recommendations of the 9/11 Commission Act.    Congress required individualized security checks of travelers participating in a Visa Waiver Program. The program was established to--is known today as Electronic System for Travel Authorization, or ESTA, program.    Under ESTA, citizens are eligible nationals of Visa Waiver Program countries, must obtain an Electronic Travel Authorization prior to boarding a plane in the United States. I have been pleased to see DHS, over the years, take timely action to adjust aspects of the ESTA program, in response to the demands of the ever-changing threat landscape.    Yet, I came into this Congress, like many of my Republican colleagues, seeing the need for more reform to the Visa Waiver Program to bolster its security. That is why I co-sponsored H.R. 158, the Visa Waiver Improvement and Terrorist Travel Prevention Act, authored by Representative Candice Miller, the Chairman of our Border Security subcommittee.    The Fiscal Year 2016 Consolidated Appropriations Act, better known as the Omnibus, included the language from H.R. 158, requiring changes to the Visa Waiver Program. This comprehensive legislation, which was signed into law by the President on December 18, seeks to strengthen passport security requirements, enhance information sharing, and improve fraud detection.    Importantly, it also requires any Visa Waiver country that fails to screen passports against INTERPOL's criminal and terrorism databases, to be terminated from the program. The provision that has garnered the most attention and is the focus of today's hearing, involves the changes in the eligibility for visa-free travel for some travelers from Visa Waiver countries.    Under this new law, most individuals who have visited Iraq, Iran, Syria, and Sudan, in the last 5 years, or who hold dual citizenship with 1 of these 4 countries, would be ineligible for visa-free travel to the United States.    This provision was central to the bipartisan agreement reached between Congress and the White House. During the negotiations, the restriction on dual citizens of Iran, Iraq, Syria, and Sudan, and travel history provisions that the Republicans were advancing, were sticking points.    I was pleased when we were able to reach common ground on a carve-out for certain individuals who traveled to the 4 countries for diplomatic or military service. Reaching agreement for other categories of travelers, including humanitarian aid workers and journalists proved to be elusive.    I appreciate that all involved came together, in the interest of Homeland Security, to strike a compromise that the White House, House Republican leadership, and House Democratic leadership could accept.    In the end, those of us involved in the negotiations understood that enacted would mean that, in most cases, travelers who triggered the citizenship or travel history limitation would have to go through the standard visa application process at a U.S. embassy or consulate.    I was pleased that the law did allow the DHS Secretary to exercise discretion, with respect to these limitations, when doing so was in the law enforcement or National security interests of the United States.    It is important that the Secretary be allowed to exercise discretion, with respect to certain individuals, on a case-by-case basis. Within days of enactment of this law, questions emerged about the implications of the Visa Waiver Program security reforms on the deal that President Obama was able to reach to prevent Iran from becoming a nuclear state.    At the time, I was taken aback, since it was hard to see how this Homeland Security bill had any bearing on the terms of the Iran deal. The issuance of a joint press release by the Departments of Homeland Security and State, on January 21, the day the Visa Waiver Program changes were to begin, did little to squelch those questions about the linkage.    The press release, it was laid out, the administration's plan to exercise its waiver authority, identified 5 categories of travelers who could receive waivers from eligibility limitations set forth in the new law.    One category specifically identified was individuals who travel to Iran for legitimate business purposes after July 14, 2015, the same date the Iran deal was concluded. It will fall to the witnesses today to explain why we should not think that there is a linkage to the Iran deal, when it announces this category in a press release distributed across the globe.    As someone who supported the granting of waiver authority to the Secretary of Homeland Security, I have questions about the approach and the tack that the administration has taken today.    While Secretary Johnson may plan to consider, on a case-by-case basis, whether to allow visa-free travel for National security purposes, the decision to list categories of travelers that can bypass visa screening at our embassies and consulate was a questionable one.    The administration needs to be prepared to answer questions about its decision to create categories for waivers, including the degree to which intelligence informs the parameters. Additionally, the administration needs to explain why it decided to publish the categories, thereby creating an expectation for people who fall into these categories that they will be able to continue to travel, visa-free, to the United States.    We need to understand, particularly, at a time when we know that there are some crafty, would-be terrorists eager to find new ways to work around security enhancements in the Visa Waiver Program, why the administration has chosen to be so public about how the DHS Secretary may exercise this discretion.    In reviewing the categories, I have some questions about how the DHS Secretary will go about determining the legitimacy of the business-related purposes for travel to Iran. I look forward to hearing testimony from the witnesses about how many travelers might be eligible for the waivers identified in the joint press release and what kind of resources CBP will need to put processes in place to fully adjudicate the anticipated flurry of waiver requests from travelers in these categories.    I think, Mr. Chairman, you see a lot of us have questions.    Mr. Thompson. We look forward to the witnesses to provide some of the answers. With that, I yield back.    Mr. Thompson. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman. I think it is clear that Congress spoke in as clear a fashion as it could when this language was put into the omnibus. There is concern that since that language has been included, there has been a different interpretation.    Now, Ms. Johnson, can you tell the committee the exact date the State Department made the decision to offer exemptions in the broad category?    Mr. Thompson. So you don't see a waiver and an exemption as the same thing?    Mr. Thompson. Were you involved in this process to----    Mr. Thompson. At what level?    Mr. Thompson. The decision to write the press release and the other things, were you involved in that?    Mr. Thompson. Mr. Commissioner, your testimony is that no waivers have been granted at this point.    Mr. Thompson. Can you tell me the financial burden to review these waivers on a case-by-case basis? What does that pose for you as an agency?    Mr. Thompson. So you don't know?    Mr. Thompson. So you don't anticipate coming back to Congress asking for additional monies to support this effort?    Mr. Thompson. So we included a new provision in the law with that announcement. Ms. Johnson, what went into producing that press release that you participated in, and what were the financial implications of this new provision?    Mr. Thompson. Yes.    Mr. Thompson. So at the--you are a witness before us today, indicating that you participated in the drafting of a document, but nowhere in the drafting did anybody talk about what this new effort would cost?    Mr. Thompson. Well, Mr. Commissioner, did you participate in the drafting of the press release?    Mr. Thompson. So one agency drafted the release, and the responsibility was put on you?    Mr. Thompson. You were aware of it?    Mr. Thompson. Mr. Commissioner, I know you were aware of the law. But you understand where I am getting at. In terms of the drafting of the release and the cost associated with this new process, Ms. Johnson just said she wasn't involved at that level.    So, obviously, you are the only other witness we have. Is your testimony, you were not involved in that either?    Mr. Thompson. After the fact.    Mr. Thompson. Not the law, now, but the drafting of this new waiver or exemption provision.    Mr. Thompson. Thank you.    I yield back.