    Mrs. Watson Coleman. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman. Again, thank you for holding this hearing.    I would also like to thank the panel of witnesses for appearing before the subcommittee today.    I am very interested in hearing from Professor McNeal, an expert on the issue of drones, about the potential policy options available to mitigate and respond to the threats posed by the commercial availability of unmanned aerial systems. Additionally, I am eager to hear from Professor Humphreys regarding DHS's efforts since his last appearance before the subcommittee to respond to the security vulnerabilities associated with drones.    I am also looking forward to hearing from Mr. Roggero, who will be able to better inform this subcommittee about emerging technology that can be used to increase the safety of our airspace and our security posture as drones become increasingly integrated into our National airspace. Last, I am pleased that Chief Beary, the president of the International Association of Chiefs of Police, is appearing before this subcommittee.    Although you are here today to testify about the use of drones in law enforcement, I cannot forego the opportunity to talk with you about an issue that is very important to me and my constituents--that is the recent report from the Department of Justice on policing in Ferguson, Missouri, which found that many predominantly African-American neighborhoods are targeted in an effort to raise revenue for financial functions.    My question will be: Are drones possibly--can they possibly be mechanisms used for accountability, such as body cameras will be? I want to thank you for the fine job that you are doing, but this issue really must be addressed.    Now, back to the specifics of drones. Commercially-available drones are becoming an increasingly popular purchase, with the drone market expected to grow $84 billion over the next 5 years. As the commercial drone market grows, so, too, does the threat that drones will be used by actors with ill intent.    Drones can be purchased on-line with prices starting as low as $40, and they are fairly easy to assemble and learn how to operate. In many cases, it is easier to learn how to operate a drone than it is a model aircraft.    With drones being so easily accessible, we must consider the potential they have to be used as mechanisms to conduct an attack.    Although we have not yet witnessed such an attack, we have seen how individuals operating drones have gotten extraordinarily close to at least one head of state. During the campaign rallying in 2013, the drone, piloted by an opposition party supporter, landed at the feet of the chancellor of Germany, Angela Merkel, as mentioned by my Chairman.    There have also been recent stories of mysterious drones flying over sensitive Government assets, including the U.S. Embassy in Paris, and we are all familiar with the story regarding the drone landing on the White House lawn in January. It does not take wild imagination to envision what may happen if someone with malicious intent got their hands on drones.    This emerging threat requires a unified effort by the Department of Homeland Security in developing security plans for mitigation and response. The Department of Homeland Security must conduct risk assessment to accurately determine the threat posed by drones.    In the absence of risk assessments and a measured approach, the Department will spend millions of dollars without knowing what the real threat is or how to defend against it.    Unfortunately, the Department of Homeland Security declined this invitation to testify before this subcommittee to explain how they are working toward a Department-wide strategy and address the issues at hand. Even without the Department's testimony, I am confident that the panel of witnesses that are here today will help us better understand the threat posed by drones and the technologies available to address that threat.    Although drones are not the only avenue for conducting attacks, it is imperative that we leave the bad guys with fewer rather than a whole universe of options. We will narrow the threat picture by dealing with the security vulnerabilities posed by commercially-available drones while still recognizing the economic benefits of the industry.    With that, Mr. Chairman, I thank you and I yield back the balance of my time.    Mrs. Watson Coleman. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    Thank you very much for your testimony. One thing that you all have raised in my mind is that there is this sort of drone capacity from the tiniest to the biggest. So I need to know what I should be worried about.    The drone that could possibly create a threat, whether or not it is, you know, disseminating some gas or some weaponization or whatever, what is the smallest drone, and what is the average cost of that type of drone? Because I am trying to figure out what don't we bother ourselves with.    I don't even know who can answer that, but if anyone of you want to take a shot at it----    Mrs. Watson Coleman. So then I guess my question is: How do we go about discerning what we should be concerned about, and how we should be--policy should be evolving and interagency interaction, you know, taking place so that we are prioritizing our response and our proactivity in this area, at the same time recognizing it has--these have very important economic benefits. They help farmers with their crops, they--certainly an industry that has the potential to be very, very successful, and we can certainly use that economy here.    What is it that we should be doing? Are we now facing impediments because FAA has got a piece of this, DHS has a piece of this, Secret Service has a piece of this? You know, is anybody cooperating?    Mrs. Watson Coleman. Should that be sort-of our starting point?    Mrs. Watson Coleman. So, Mr. Roggero--I hope I didn't bastardize your name--you shared information with regard to our international partners around the world, and they are--they seem to be a little bit farther along than we are. So what are the lessons that we specifically need to learn from them as we embark on this year?    General Rogerro. Thank you very much for that. One of the things that they learned--they started back in 2012--their trigger event, if you will, was the 2012 Olympics, and that is what they were concerned about--was that there is no single silver bullet that is going to apply. As you yourself said, it is a spectrum of threat, and one of the first things you have to do is catalogue that threat and identify it, and then go through the mitigation strategies that can be put against it.    But one of the most important things that they discovered was that the defense had to be layered. It had to be a combination of things, as Dr. Humphreys was mentioning. It is not just electro-optical cameras and radars and thermal, but a whole slew--menu of things that you need to protect those vitally important parts and gatherings that we do have.    Mrs. Watson Coleman. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I have one more question, if I might? Thank you very much.    This is, Chief Beary, you did--you illustrated the good and the bad of drones in law enforcement, and I was just wondering, with regard to what we learned in the Ferguson matter, is there any use for them in ensuring accountability, fairness, and protection of communities other than, you know, using them as revenue sources?    Mrs. Watson Coleman. Yes, they do.    Mrs. Watson Coleman. Thank you.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I am really concerned about Orlando and Disney World.    Mrs. Watson Coleman. Thank you. Thank you, Chairman.    I want to thank each and every one of you for the information you shared today. You have given us a lot to consider, and hopefully we come up with recommendations and considerations that are cost--you know, that make sense in terms of cost, make sense in terms of application, make sense in terms of collaboration, and make sense in terms of the parameters that we--that get established in dealing with this sort of wide spectrum of issues.    My last question is to Mr. Roggero, because in your prepared testimony you recommended that on-going research and development program to devise counters to new drone technologies that should be established and funded.    So my two-part question is, regarding that funding, what type of investment in counter-drone technology should Congress expect to make to realize the intended results? Would you suggest partnershipping with colleges and universities to conduct research and development in the areas of drone insecurity?    General Rogerro. Thank you very much for the question, ma'am.    I certainly do agree with investing because, as we have seen, this hearing is different from the one that was 2 years ago, and different technologies and things are out there now. The next hearing that we have in a couple years is also going to change and evolve.    So the R&D needs to be spent now. We have to focus on the capability that is out there now and available and install that, put that in place where it makes sense for the Government to protect those critical infrastructure points now. But going into R&D certainly makes sense, and going into universities is great for those scanning of the horizons in the 5-year-plus so that we don't find ourselves behind again.    I would even go one more step. This might be a great opportunity for a public-private partnership with those corporations that are heavily dependent in their new business plans on the use of drones, such as Amazon, Google, and Apple, who have all professed to be very interested in this technology, but certainly the security and safety issues can hurt their business plan, quite. So they may be a willing partner in this R&D as well.    Mrs. Watson Coleman. Well I can certainly see that they are a natural partner here. Do you have any estimates of what you think the Government's cost associated with taking on such an endeavor would be? Just sort-of an estimate?    General Rogerro. Well, I will turn to the university professor who is more engaged with grants than----    Mrs. Watson Coleman. We are finding that out.    Mrs. Watson Coleman. Thank you.    Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman. I am through.