    Mr. Katko. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank you folks for being here this morning. I have a son who is a sophomore at Geneseo University in upstate New York who is in the Army ROTC program, and he just may be smart enough to get in the Army Corps of Engineers some day. I don't know. We will see. But I thank you for the work you have done. In my short time as a congressman I have had some experience already with the Army Corps, coming to my office, meeting with me. I found them to be incredibly professional and incredibly responsive, and I appreciate that. It came from the Buffalo sector, I believe, and so thank you very much for that.    In my district there is a vastly underutilized port called the Port of Oswego. It is the first deepwater port, and I say deepwater with caution, deepwater port in the Great Lakes, and it is really just not utilized as well as it could be. And, in discussing with officials up there on a regular basis, one of the things they bemoan is how long it takes to get dredging approved through the Corps. So, I am not here to cast stones, but I just kind of want to understand the process if you can explain it to me. When a port needs dredging to get it back to the depths where it once was, for example, can you just explain how that process works and what is the average time it takes?    Mr. Katko. OK. Do you have any idea from stem to stern, to borrow a ship phrase, how long it takes once someone applies generally before they get a response as to whether or not their request for dredging is going to be granted?    Mr. Katko. When you say a small port, assuming it is not competitive, what do you mean? There is not the commercial traffic to justify it, or is it something else?    General Bostick. That is true. What we base it on is the amount of tonnage that it carries each year, that particular port. We have just under 1,000 ports, and 59 of the top ports carry about 90 percent of the tonnage, and they receive about 60 to 65 percent, maybe sometimes 70 percent, of the funding. About 10 percent of the funding goes to those low-use ports, low-tonnage ports, so there is still funding that goes there.    Mr. Katko. Is there consideration given to the fact that if these ports were dredged, that it could increase the tonnage coming into those ports?    General Bostick. One of the things that we are trying to look at is watersheds as a system. So looking at the Great Lakes for example, as a system instead of individual ports--and this is one of the things the Corps has been pushing--that there may be a port that doesn't compete well alone, but if it were funded, the entire system may produce more. We are trying to talk about that strategy as well.    Mr. Katko. Yeah. I would urge you to do so because I know Oswego is one such port, and they have been having a lot of discussions, for example, with the New York-New Jersey Port Authority, and they are pretty much, as you probably know, at their maximum operating capacity, so there is overflow potential for these smaller ports that, you know, if they are dredged and they are able to take on some of the bigger ships. For example, Oswego we are hoping if they get a little more depth to the Port of Oswego, it might be able to take on more cargo container ships and then kind of married up with a major transfer point, CSX rail line in Syracuse, New York, which is about 45 minutes to its south.    So, I would urge you going forward, to try and consider as part of the component of, you know, these requests that what is the economic potential if it is done. As I understand it, shipping is going to increase. Rail transportation is going to increase, and those two are intertwined, and the more we can take into consideration on the front end, we might be able to develop the economy more. But again, it is not a criticism. It is just a suggestion.    And I want to thank you all. I think the Army Corps of Engineers does a great job, and the only thing I would ask is that, to the extent you can, find ways to expedite the decisionmaking process, I would very much appreciate that. Thank you.