    Mr. McKinley. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Going to go in several directions with this, but I have got--we have all heard a lot of horror stories, and I have got mine in my district. I have got a little town in West Virginia. I think we have got a slide, perhaps, of a water line that they are--they have been facing--could we get that up? There it is.    It shows how just colluded the line is, that they can't--they have applied--however, knowing this, they have applied 10 times to try to get money, and they have been rejected 10 times since 2002. It just isn't--people--we just don't have the money in the SRF, and what I was particularly pleased about was the President this year actually maintained the--for the most part, the funding from the previous year as compared to what we have seen in the past where the year before he made a 40 percent reduction in the SRF because they said the priority was climate change, and we have heard that mentioned from the other side of the aisle. They thought climate change was a higher priority than funding our water problems in rural America.    I have got--I am curious. So I hope we--I hope someone has seen the light with that, but the--I am confused a little bit about the regulatory burden because it--particularly a lot of you have been talking--this hearing is about rural America, not what has been offered is we got to be concerned about the big cities.    I am worried at this hearing that we stay focused on rural America because here is just a listing of some of the rules--I don't know whether these people--I have designed a lot of sewer and water lines.    So as an engineer I am quite familiar with this, but we have got things that a small city has to take care of is the arsenic rule, the chemical rule, lead and copper rules, the uranium rule, the Federal backwash rule, the groundwater rule, the enhanced surface water rule, the cert, both I and II, the disinfect byproduct rule, 1 and 2, the surface water rule, total coal--I could go on and on.    These are rules that small cities have to deal with just as well as a larger community of 100,000 or 200,000. So my--and I have got three other communities that they are just trying to find money for operations, let alone install--this one community is--they are working on--like, one of you said up there, a 19th century system. They are trying to replace it with that water line right there.    How can we get money for operations? Because we have got one community in West Virginia--they are dumping raw sewage into the Potomac River because they don't have money to be able to do their maintenance work that they have to do. We have got others that--I got another community, they are getting their water through water buffaloes pouring into a cistern so that they have some water with that----    This is 2015 in America, but yet we have an administration that until this year every year for the last 3 years has been reducing money to the SRF. What are we failing--how are we failing our country when we don't put enough money into the SRF? How do--because that is what I have heard many of you say, we need to put more money into that program. What do we have to do? How much more money?    Can any of you suggest where we have to go with that? And I would also add, should we be prioritizing the SRF money for rural communities so that we are weighting them a little more heavily than the big cities? Mr. Stewart, does----    Mr. McKinley. How can we weight--what are some--what would be some factors or--that we might be able to weight so that a small community putting in will be given better consideration than a larger communities? Any of your thoughts? Mr. Gomez?    Mr. McKinley. OK. Well, I guess we are running out of time, but, again, Mr. Chairman, thank you very much for bringing this up.    I hope we continue to--this is a--for small cities. The big cities have their own issues, but they have the resources and the critical mass to be able to take care of--our small towns of 400, 500 people, we are struggling. We better find it.    Thank you very much.