    Mr. Valadao. Thank you, Chairman. Good morning, Chairman and Commissioners. I understand the NRC has been working hard to reduce the licensing backlog that has grown over the past four years and the NRC prioritizes license amendment requests based on the importance to safety, however, some license amendment requests do not necessarily impact safety but involve improvements in the economic performance for liability of the plants.    Many of these plant changes can only be performed during plant outages which occur every 18 to 24 months, which highlights the importance of a timely review by the NRC. Delays by the NRC in processing license amendment requests can have significant impact on the plant's bottom line, and hopefully the actual rate that our folks pay, by pushing off significant capital improvement projects.    Safety should come first, but because NRC is the country's sole commercial nuclear licensing and regulatory authority, it is imperative that the NRC provides timely servicing of the licenses it issues. Do you agree that license holders should be able to establish and rely on schedules that assume NRC will live up to its commitment to process all licensee actions within two years and do you believe that the NRC staff should adhere to the internal procedures to ensure timely and disciplined review of the license amendment requests? And what is the NRC's long term strategy for ensuring the capability to provide predictable and reliable and timely processing of license amendment requests?    Mr. Valadao. All right, I think I might have time for one more, if I am not mistaken, Chairman? One of the goals of Project Aim is to ensure adequate sizing of the agency is achieved by 2020 with the target of 3,400 full-time equivalents. When Project Aim's efforts began, NRC budget was well over one billion dollars with 3,778 staff positions. With FY16, the NRC was appropriated approximately one billion and NRC set a target staff ceiling of 3,600 positions by the end of fiscal year.    Based on the current projections, NRC seems to have met that ceiling target at the beginning of this calendar year. Your request for fiscal year 2017 again requests a decrease in funding as well as a decrease in staff. Because the previously anticipated level of reactor licensing did not occur, areas that had grown in anticipation of the projected workload demand, such as staffing and acquisition of a third building at a headquarters complex should be reexamined. Because housing is now a major fixed cost that the NRC carries annually in its budget, the committee would benefit from better understanding what actions the NRC is considering to reduce its housing footprint at the headquarters complex once its right-sizing efforts are completed.    Do you agree that the NRC should be reevaluating the need to occupy three buildings, especially in light of the staffing reduction targets? If so, what are the NRC's plans to right-size their physical footprint?    Mr. Valadao. All right, well thank you. I yield back, Chairman.    Mr. Valadao. Thank you, Chairman. Thank you. Good afternoon. Dr. Murray, the Office of Science supports five light sources located across the country at four national labs. Last year the acting director said it was a high priority of the Office of Science, and the department, to maintain U.S. leadership in the light source capabilities such as those at the Berkeley Lab, which I was able to see last year. Can you describe what makes these light sources different from each other, and do we have five light sources to keep up with demand, or are there scientific capabilities that make each of these light sources unique?    Mr. Valadao. There's follow up.    Mr. Valadao. All right. So then what is U.S. position relative to other countries when it comes to light sources and what is the Office of Science's plan to moving forward to meet scientific needs in the future?    Mr. Valadao. Ok. And for Dr. Orr, it is clear that from increases provided in the Office of Science that construction increases, excess computing, optimal facility operations are the highest priorities for this account. However, tradeoffs between running facilities at full capacity, research support, and construction of new technologies will have to be made in the coming years. Can you discuss the strategic future of the Office of Science given a flat budget scenario? And what are the Office of Science's greatest strengths, and how can we improve them in light of flat funding scenarios?    Mr. Valadao. Thank you. Thank you, Chairman. I yield back.