    Mr. Johnson. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And I thank our panel members for being with us today.    Chairman Wheeler, as you know, we had concerns about your proposal to relocate the 200 servers from your headquarters to West Virginia. We sent you letters to that effect. Those concerns were not with the purpose of the move but the disruption that it would cause to operations and the risk of data loss.    We have had a number of open inquiries and investigations on the FCC, and we are still waiting on some of those documents to be produced.    So, according to the materials that you provided in response to our letters, you were permitted, at your request, to reprogram $8.5 million for this effort. How much did the move actually cost? Did it cost $8.5 million?    Mr. Johnson. You don't know the answer for that? So you don't know whether it was more? Less?    Mr. Johnson. Can you get me that, please?    Do you have a plan for where you plan to move--if it didn't cost the $8.5 million, do you have a plan for where you intend to put the surplus that you asked for?    Mr. Johnson. OK. So you will get that back for the record?    Mr. Johnson. All right.    Well, suffice it to say the move didn't go as smoothly as we were told it would. You ran into problems with cabling that were attributed to the contractor. And the move took an additional 3 days, according to senior FCC management.    According to at least one press report, employees were told to stay at home when the problems were encountered, and you were unable to get all the systems back up and running in the time that you allotted. Is that true?    Mr. Johnson. OK.    According to another report, a senior FCC manager stated, ``We could have always asked for more time up front, possibly padded our schedules. Instead, we chose to be ambitious in our timelines because that is what a startup mentality culture does.''    So the way I read that statement is, rather than appreciate the impact of taking the agency off line on other organizations, agencies, regulated entities, and the public, a decision was made to go for the sound bite. Am I reading that wrong?    Mr. Johnson. OK.    Well, then, didn't the FCC have the final say on the plans for the move? How did you allow this to happen?    Mr. Johnson. I am an IT guy, Chairman Wheeler, and I have been doing implementations for a long time, and any planning up front includes planning for things like this.    Mr. Johnson. Did you guys have that in your consideration?    Mr. Johnson. OK. Good. So you acknowledge that that was a failure.    Mr. Johnson. Good.    Mr. Johnson. Let me move on. Let me move on, Mr. Chairman.    Does the FCC have in place a policy on the approval and the use of social media and Web 2.0--for example, using Twitter and YouTube? Such a policy would seek to insulate the FCC from cyber threats and social engineering, would it not?    Mr. Johnson. Do you have a policy on the approval and the use of social media and Web 2.0, like Twitter and YouTube?    Mr. Johnson. On your employees.    Mr. Johnson. You do.    Does the FCC have general guidelines for use of these technologies for FCC employees in their official capacities, in their responsibilities of FCC employees?    Mr. Johnson. You say you believe so. You do, or you don't?    Mr. Johnson. Do these guidelines extend to the use of these technologies for FCC employees in their unofficial capacity?    Mr. Johnson. In their unofficial capacity----    Mr. Johnson . Are there guidelines on how FCC employees should be using those kinds of technologies?    Mr. Johnson. Can you describe to us what those policies are?    Mr. Johnson. OK.    Well, are you familiar with the several videos posted online memorializing the server move? Have you seen some of those videos?    Mr. Johnson. Well, in these videos, the Commission revealed several pieces of non-public information, including the names and license plates of some FCC employees, the types of servers the FCC is using to store important and sensitive data, and many pictures of the specific setup the FCC has at its new data center.    Chairman Wheeler, it is a little hard for me, as an IT professional, to take seriously the FCC as an agency that wants to be a privacy and cybersecurity regulator when it sacrificed important cyber information, employee privacy, at the altar of good PR.    Commissioner Pai, were you aware these videos were being posted?    Mr. Johnson. Commissioner Clyburn, were you aware that the videos were being posted?    Mr. Johnson. Commissioner Rosenworcel?    Mr. Johnson. No?    Commissioner O'Rielly?    Mr. Johnson. OK.    Mr. Johnson. You were not either? OK.    Chairman Wheeler, our colleagues on the Committee on Appropriations are currently working on final provisions to fund our government agencies. Among the issues that they are tackling as part of that process is putting into law a ban on the FCC's use of its authority to regulate rates for broadband Internet access service, consistent with your consistent statements to Congress that FCC won't regulate, rate-regulate broadband.    It is my understanding that Appropriations staff asked the FCC to provide technical assistance in drafting this provision and that the FCC refused to provide Congress with the benefit of your expertise. It is completely inappropriate for an agency of the government to refuse to engage in the provision of its expertise to the Congress.    When will you remedy this situation? And can you assure that it will not happen again? Are you guys going to provide that information to the Appropriations staff or not?    Mr. Johnson. But that is not your call. That is not your call. That is Congress' request. Are you going to provide the information?    Mr. Johnson. And are you going to provide the information?    Mr. Johnson. OK. All right.    Mr. Chairman, my time has expired.