    Ms. PETERSON-CASSIN. Thank you. Mr. Chairman, Madam Ranking Member, thank you for the opportunity to testify today.    My name is Emily Peterson-Cassin. I am the Bright Lines Project coordinator at Public Citizen Congress Watch. Public Citizen is a national, nonprofit, public interest organization, with more than 400,000 members and supporters.    For 45 years, we have successfully advocated for stronger health safety, consumer protection, and other rules, as well as for a robust regulatory system that curtails corporate wrongdoing and advances the public interest. My own work at Public Citizen is to coordinate the Bright Lines Project, an expert team of attorneys and nonprofit partners working for an improved definition of political activity for all nonprofits.    I do not need to tell this Committee how important small business is to our economy and our society. Congress can, and should, protect small business by ensuring a clear, predictable framework of tax rules and regulations. Rules that are easy to follow and enforce allow small businesses to thrive, while minimizing opportunities to abuse the tax system.    The IRS should be doing more to ensure that small businesses can easily comply with the regulations already in existence, and work to improve its ability to provide accurate and timely guidance. The Bright Lines project focuses on nonprofits, advocating for a definition of political activity that increases civic participation and creates objective standards for the IRS to follow when enforcing the law. Clear rules are just as important for a small business. Indeed, nonprofits can be likened to small businesses with a social mission. At the same time, it is important to recognize the benefits to small business and our society of having a safe and healthy workforce made possible by sensible government regulation.    Regulation is also essential for opening up new markets for small businesses and helps incentivize innovation in safer and cleaner technologies. Regulations make our country stronger, safer, cleaner, healthier, and more fair to small business.    The regulatory system must not operate to give large corporations an unfair advantage by delaying important regulations or muddying the rulemaking process. Making the rulemaking process too complicated for commonsense regulations harms small businesses rather than helps them. The analysis required under SBREFA, for example, can delay the already laborious rulemaking process for months. A recent GAO report, which investigated the slow process of rulemaking at OSHA, found that it takes 8 extra months of work for OSHA to prepare for the SBREFA panel. In addition, small business analysis should be narrowly targeted to benefit small business.    Though the advisory panel component of SBREFA legislation often results in unnecessary delays to needed regulations, other aspects of the law do help small businesses comply with regulations and could be expended to be even more helpful. Supporting and expanding the Small Business Ombudsman and Compliance Assistance programs is a sensible way to give direct, tangible help to small business.    The information the IRS provides to business taxpayers is essential to increasing compliance and decreasing hassle for small business. However, funding cuts to the IRS in the past few years has made that assistance more difficult to provide. Since fiscal year 2010, the IRS's funding has been drastically cut again and again. Consequences of those cuts have led to reductions in staff available to assist taxpayers and in the training available to that staff. An IRS staff that is adequately knowledgeable and available to small business taxpayers makes filing taxes easier and prevents compliance problems from compounding. Yet, over and over, the IRS is unfairly attacked and prevented from fulfilling its mission. Therefore, it is essential that the IRS is fully funded.    It is in our nation's interest that small businesses are able to grow and thrive in a society that protects health and safety and ensures that the market operates fairly to businesses of all sizes. Small changes to SBREFA, fully funding the IRS, and ensuring a predictable rulemaking process will ensure that the playing field is level for small business.    Again, it is an honor to come before you today, and I look forward to your questions.    Ms. PETERSON-CASSIN. Well, clarity and predictability are essential to a good regulatory system to any regulation that comes out. It makes compliance easier and it makes enforcement easier. Small businesses want to comply with regulations, and when they do not know when the regulations are coming out, what the regulations will be, whether the regulations are going to affect them, it is impossible to comply. Furthermore, compliance problems, once they start, have a tendency to compound, which leads to a lot of the problems with difficult audits that we have been discussing previously.    Ms. PETERSON-CASSIN. Absolutely. The best thing these laws do is to provide direct tangible assistance to small businesses, including creating small business ombudsmen. Most agencies already have one, including Treasury. Those ombudsmen are there to answer questions, provide guides, and help small businesses comply with existing procedures. But the program should be expanded to include more outreach, make sure that small businesses know that those resources are available and can be found easily. There should also be best practices guidelines on how to do that outreach. More compliance assistance and making that assistance meaningful will have enormous benefits, and remove burdens also to small businesses.    Ms. PETERSON-CASSIN. An answer to your first question, unfortunately, I do not think it is realistic at all to expect the IRS to carry out its vast mission of enforcing the tax code with the cuts that have been in place. Since 2010, as Mr. Davenport mentioned, the IRS has lost about 17,000 full-time employees, including 5,000 from enforcement. As we have been hearing, audits are an imperfect tool. Increasing compliance assistance and guidance, before the problems compound, makes those audits easier, and increasing the training available to staff through adequate funding would decrease the problems that those audits cause as well.    Ms. PETERSON-CASSIN. That is exactly right. I mean, the most obvious thing that the IRS can do to increase its compliance is answer their phones. As Mr. Davenport mentioned, he cited the statistic that the IRS has a 38 percent service level on their phones. That is obviously unacceptable. When they do get more funding, as they did, they got a little bit of funding in 2015 to address that problem, the service level goes up. In fact, when that extra funding came up, they were able to hire 1,000 temporary workers and increase the phone level service to about 70 percent. Now, that is not even talking about the first thing I do when I have a problem or I have a question, which is go to the internet. The IRS needs that extra funding in order to create easy-to-find compliance guides so that small businesses do not have to wonder what they are supposed to be doing. They should be able to find those answers right away. More funding will make sure that happens.    Ms. PETERSON-CASSIN. Absolutely. What happened in that case is that the laws governing what political activity is for nonprofits are so vague that they are not only hard for nonprofits of all stripes to comply with, but they are also very, very difficult to enforce. This is exactly the discussion we have been having. Compliance and enforcement are two sides of the same coin.    So I liken it to a speed limit sign that says do not go too fast. When the rule is that vague, there are going to be plenty of people who do go too fast for whatever reason. Then there are going to be even more people, in fact, the most common thing we hear from nonprofits is they just do not engage. They restrict themselves from things that they could be doing, could be participating in, could be furthering their mission, and they say we are too afraid. We are too afraid and we are not going to do it. The Bright Lines project exists to make that clear so that everyone can be on the same page.