    Ms. Dunmyer. Thank you, Chairman. Chairman Wenstrup, Ranking Member Takano, and other distinguished members of the subcommittee, thank you for calling this hearing and for continuing to monitor efforts to successfully transition our returning veterans out of the military and into civilian life. My name is Valrica Dunmyer and I am the Chief of Staff and Chief Financial Officer at Student Veterans of America. I am also here as a veteran with 26 years of Army service. We are honored that you have invited us to be a part of this session today.    On behalf of SVA and its more than 400,000 student veterans within a network of more than 1,200 chapter affiliates I am pleased to submit our testimony on the review of a Transition Assistance Program. SVA advocates for the rights of veterans in higher education, rooted in the belief that investing in America's veterans today is a smart investment for the country tomorrow. SVA's top priorities include improving access to higher education and scaling effective services that empower student veterans to graduate on time with little to no student debt and successfully transition into civilian life.    Mr. Chairman, as a beneficiary of the current program I know that improvements have been made. Nevertheless, transitional challenges still exist as evidenced through the continuing struggle of our veterans, and more specifically our student veterans. One of the main challenges is knowing whether the TAP GPS program is truly working on the front end to produce the desired outcome on the back end. As of December 2, 2013 only 72 percent of TAP locations included the higher education track offered by the DoD. Now this may seem like a high number to you and something to be proud of. But consider for a moment, if you are that vet that's in the 28 percent group, and your release date is quickly approaching, imagine that that is you and you are thinking about getting out and you want to pursue a degree. You have not been provided any of the information and you have no idea where to start. For those veterans the system is still not working.    Our Million Records Project represents the most comprehensive examination of student veterans' post-secondary academic success that has ever been done in decades. The Million Records Project showed that more than a million veterans have used educational benefits from 2002 to 2010. Additional data indicates that there will be over five million veterans by 2020. These facts, coupled with ongoing budgetary constraints, prove that we can no longer hope that our brick and mortar delivery of information is sufficient. We must be innovative in our approach to information delivery while still ensuring the quality of information provided to our veterans. Most veterans frown on the current delivery method, describing the TAP program as death by Power Point due to the lengthy and enormous amount of information delivered. While the basic information such as months of Post 9/11 G.I. Bill eligibility should continue to be included, we must ensure that our entire instructional program is informed through research, best practices, and feedback.    As servicemembers contemplate pursuing a degree following the military the utilization of VSOs and VSAs can be looked upon as being a force multiplier, providing the necessary link between departure from the military and the veteran's introduction into civilian life. Veterans service organizations like SVA have a proven track record of success, to both its members, both today and its alumni, and it should have a seat at the table in further discussions. Through research, connection with our local SVA chapters, and advocacy, we know that the better informed and prepared student veterans are the greater the contributions and return on the investment for our nation. By integrating SVA and other VSOs into the assessing higher education track, we can ensure the same level of success for all vets transitioning into higher education.    We thank the chairman, ranking member, and the subcommittee members for your time, attention, and devotion to veterans and higher learning. We look forward to continuing to work with this subcommittee, the House Committee on Veterans' Affairs, and the Congress to ensure the success of all generations of veterans. Thank you.    Ms. Dunmyer. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I am not aware of a formal program of tracking departing servicemembers to assess the effectiveness of TAP. But what I can share with you is what we are getting back from our student veterans. For the most part they are, they have benefitted from the TAP training but there are some instances where they are not prepared to enter college. They did not receive the information on how to engage the process and then what financial assistance is out there. So as we have identified through this hearing, we have also identified that there are still areas where we still need to show improvements.    Colonel Sutherland. So we did from our discussions, and I have visited over 600 communities in the past several years, worked and spoken to veterans from all generations, but with this particular audience that have gone through the current transition it is, the struggle is the warm hand-off, the connection with where they are going. The personal information disclosure and connecting them before they get home, to network, to assist, and knowing where to go if they have an emergency during that time period. That is what is missing.    We have to measure the success or failure of our graduates. And if we look at our veterans as graduates and measure their success or failure, whether it is in full-time education, full-time employment, or other challenges, then we can assess and measure how we adjust TAP for the future. What are we hitting on? What are we not hitting on? If we continue to just measure 100 percent attendance, that is not going to help us achieve our goals. And my recommendation is that we say the goal is 100 percent of these veterans are employed, or 100 percent are in education, or bring it down to a more realistic number based on the staff estimate of Labor, VA, and DoD. But then we can measure it and we can come back and not say that this group got a better education experience or a better transition experience, but handing them off warmly.    The lessons learned in the recent Rand study for the 100,000 jobs mission that came out discusses the significance of the TAP program but it also more informed our transitioning servicemembers of what resources are available in the community they are going to, and creating that advance warning to the local community is a benefit, and then measuring their success or failure as graduates of the program.    Ms. Dunmyer. Thank you, Ranking Member Takano. What is happening is that level of detail of information, you are normally not going to have time to be able to hear that information with military members as they are going through the TAP training. And that is why I think it is so important to have VSOs start to play an earlier role in the process. Because specifically SVA, we have got chapters on the ground throughout all of the 50 states. And what you would have happening there, and let me go back to your initial comment. Yes, there is a difference with the accreditation. Because unless your, you explain that in detail to the student vet, they don't understand that some of the credits may not be transferrable. And so they are going into school and by the time they figure out that the 10 or 12 credits that they have taken previously are not going to be able to be transferred, now they have got to spend additional money or potentially go into debt. And so it is a downhill spiraling process that is going on. So what you want to be able to do is to inform them, make them, provide as much information to them before they actually start the process. And so having a part of that track where it is mandatory that they go down it if they are, they want to pursue college, it is also important to have the VSO there to be able to explain that process to them. And in doing so, then they will be able to make a better informed decision about which schools that they want to go to.    Ms. Dunmyer. We have been able to. The Million Records Project that was just done, phase one, we were able to track, and this was the first time that we have ever had research done on that population to find out who has gone to school, what were the degrees that they were pursuing, what were the types of institutions that they were actually enrolled in. So that was phase one of the Million Records Project. And what we found out was that you had 80 percent of the student veterans that were going or that had been enrolled in college from 2002 through 2010, 80 percent of them had attended public schools, ten percent of them were in private schools, and then another ten percent were in your proprietary schools. So there is information out there.    Now that was phase one. Phase two, we are going back to look at the institutions themselves and look at the policies and practices of institutions. And what we want to be able to see is how much of a role the institutions play in helping veterans actually achieve success and attaining a degree from that institution.    Ms. Dunmyer. Yes, sir.    Ms. Dunmyer. My first suggestion would be that we advance with advancements in technology. There is quite a few universities out there that are using distance learning and e-learning types of venues. And I would recommend that that is one option, even though I know it has been previously discussed. I think that is more of a viable option than the current one that we have where you are sitting in a classroom. And I was a part of that. And while my first week of it, at least the first two days, I thought were very beneficial, I was very attentive. But after about two or three days and you are sitting in a classroom for eight hours and the information is coming at your nonstop, it tends to be repetitious and it starts to be boring even though it is beneficial information. So I would say that we start to look at other types of venues to present the information so that you alleviate some of the boredom and monotony that comes with that classroom environment.    Ms Rice. One other question. For Mr. Gallucci, I am going to ask you this question. You spoke about the DoD and DoL formalizing their information sharing agreement. Does not, I would assume that DoL already has the names of veterans who are transitioning to civilian life as part of their own Employment Workshop? Is that true? I mean, it seems like the information is already----    Ms. Dunmyer. Well ma'am, I am not aware that that is a problem. I know access requirements or access standards are different for different installations. So it is something that we can go back and look at. But it should not be, their access onto the installation should not be a problem. I think the new policy for most installations is as long as you have got an ID normally you can gain access into the installation.    Ms. Dunmyer. Well, we do not. There is not a formal----    Ms. Dunmyer. Yes, ma'am.    Ms. Dunmyer. That is what we are hoping to accomplish today. That is what we are hoping that will happen, will come out of this. That we are able to be, that SVA, the VSOs are able to be on the front end of the process instead of the back end. That we can be there when the decisions are made, we are a part of the discussions that are going on, and we can add to it. That is what we are trying to do here today.    Ms. Dunmyer. I don't have an exact number, but it is about 50, 53 percent, and, of course, it is not funded and we have identified that, especially with some of the stem majors, that math is one of the biggest challenges for our student veterans going back because they have been out of the classroom for years and so a lot of that training that they received going--you know, coming through high school, they have lost that skill.    Ms. Dunmyer. Graduating.    Ms. Dunmyer. No, we are not able to give you an exact percentage of that, no, sir. But we can give you--it is, for the most part, I would say you still have a high percentage of graduates that are able to achieve their degree. Our percentages are similar to what your traditional student would complete their degree--time frame that they would complete their degree in, as well.    Ms. Dunmyer. Well, I can't give you an exact percentage; what I can tell you is that that is an area that we have identified as a problem. And to go back to math--and what we started is we did a pilot program a couple of months ago and it was to focus on math because our student veterans identified that they were having problems with math and that they are having--that the universities are requiring that they take a preparatory course in order to be able to start their core math courses for a particular degree.    So we started a pilot program with math. When we started out, we had--our hopes were that we would have at least 30 people that would enroll. To our surprise, it ended up being a little over a hundred--300 people that actually ended up enrolling in the course, and so from all measures, that was extremely successful.    Now, because of that, what we started to do is to look at other areas that veterans are having problems with, as well, and we plan to do other pilots like that to address other areas that veterans are challenged in before they actually start their degree for studied.