    Mr. Sherman. Thank you. Picking up on the gentleman from Missouri, I hope that in designating SIFIs, you would focus on the size of the liabilities, not the size of the assets. Lehman Brothers didn't have a problem with too many assets. The problem was too many liabilities.    When you focus that on an unleveraged mutual fund, they don't have any liabilities unless you fear that their depository safeguards are inadequate and somebody has absconded with the securities. If I pick a particular fund and they invest, the ups and downs are mine, not theirs. And as to insurance companies, we saw in the greatest stress test ever, 2008, that every entity that was directly regulated by State insurance regulators came out fine. You compare that to all the other regulators, and it is quite a record.    I have a parochial question for you here. The New York Fed represents under 20 million people. The San Francisco Fed represents 65 million people, 3 times as many. One approach, and we have discussed this before, is breaking up the San Francisco Fed. We would like to have an L.A. Fed, but I want to bring up something else, and that is, could you go back to your Board and at least say that if you have more than 60 million people in your region, you get a permanent seat on the FOMC, not just New York? They are not more than 3 times more important than we are.    Mr. Sherman. We were mining for gold back then.    Mr. Sherman. But you could establish a practice that any bank that represents over 60 million people always has a seat.    Mr. Sherman. It would be great if you could do it, but I am going to go to something else.    Mr. Sherman. We will. We will do a legal analysis on that. At least your heart is in the right place, and history will show you whether you can do it.    Mr. Sherman. Let me move on to another issue.    Mr. Sherman. You have a bunch of economists who are telling you that maybe it is time to take away the punchbowl, maybe a couple of meetings from now. We are not economists here, but we all have districts that we are in touch with in a way your people can never--and let me tell you, it ain't good out there. It is not ready. It is not a punchbowl. It is a lifeline. And whatever you are being told as to when to ``take away the punchbowl,'' add another 6 months or spend some time in my district, one or the other.    Your statutory mandate asked you to have maximum employment, but there are those who are saying that, oh, maximum employment, that is an unemployment rate of 5.2, 5.5 percent. There are two possible definitions of maximum employment. One is what Congress intended, because we speak our own language: Maximum employment means everybody who wants a job gets a job. Then there is the economist's view that maximum employment is as low as you can get the unemployment rate without wage inflation. America needs a raise. Are you for maximum employment even if that means there is some wage inflation?    Mr. Sherman. I am out of time.    Mr. Sherman. One more question    Mr. Sherman. And finally, would you support legislation that says that money of insurance affiliates that are affiliated with a failing depository institution cannot be transferred to save the depository institution without the consent of the State insurance regulators?    Mr. Sherman. Okay. I will ask you to respond for the record.