    Mr. Mica. Thank you. And I think there is a lot of support for passage of a strong transportation highway bill. You all testified that you support a strong Federal program. Is that right? Governor? Governor? Governor? We have got three nods, for the record.    And this Federal activity in transportation consists of two things. It consists of funding and basically regulation. Is that pretty much correct, too, Governors? Yes. So I do not think anyone testified that you want more Federal regulation. In fact, I heard you do not want that. So basically, what you are here for is asking for more Federal funding.    In MAP-21, we tried to do everything we could to devolve much of the funding and the responsibility to the States. I would have liked to have gone even further. When you say devolution, some folks mean turn the whole thing over to the States. Others mean that we can be a strong partner and help finance.    Let's go through regulations first. We streamlined the permitting process. Mr. Gibbs and all of these guys here, Mr. Ribble, all these guys did an incredible job, I think, in streamlining that. We also allowed devolution of some of the permitting. And I understand California, Texas--I know Florida is working on it, and I think Utah has an application in to take over some of the permitting. What about the others? Can you comment? North Carolina?    Governor McCrory. Sure. What we have liked so far is some of the categorical extensions and giving us some flexibilities. And that is what I am really looking for.    Mr. Mica. Well, we have given you that. But you also have the ability to do some of the permitting, and that would speed things up devolving.    Governor McCrory. Absolutely. We can speak----    Mr. Mica. So you will be having your secretary send me a letter, a note, on when that is going to start. Right? Because I am one of your constituents. I have a place. I have been paying taxes in Watauga County for 35 years.    Governor McCrory. I am glad to hear that. Thank you very much. I appreciate that. I am going there next week.    Mr. Mica. All right. And, let's see, Utah is currently applying. Is that correct?    Mr. Mica. Well, you have got to know more, because 2 years ago we intended to devolve the regulatory process more to the States. And you can do it. So I will expect that letter, too.    Governor Cox ?    Mr. Mica. We put provisions in there. That needs to be strengthened. Great recommendation.    The other thing--and even though you are a former chairman you only get so much time--the other thing I would like to see from you and from your secretaries of transportation for the record is what we have put in law--and we had good intentions to speed things up in permitting.    But I would like to see where the problems are, where the Feds are not operating as we intended. Most of our recommendations came from our States. All of our recommendations came from our States. We could not get them all in. And then what is lacking.    One of the things, real quick, to end up on: The lawsuits, have they increased in the last 2\1/2\ or 3 years? And I wonder if any of that has been impacted by what we did in the law. How does it compare with before MAP, Governor McCrory? Or if you do not have it----    Governor McCrory. I do not. I will get that information back to you. By the way, I do know----    Mr. Mica. I would like to know if we had an impact in increasing the litigation through some of the things that we did.    Governor McCrory. A lot of the litigation I inherited during my first 2 years has been around a long, long time. And I also agree with Mr. Cox about the right-of-way, and that is a big issue for us. And the other issue is wetlands, another major area of delay.    Mr. Mica. Once we take out ``navigable,'' you will be fine. Thank you.