    Mr. Bruno. Thank you.    Chairman Rogers, Ranking Member Cooper, members of the committee, I appreciate the opportunity to come here today and talk about our ongoing transformation of ULA and our journey to replace the Russian RD-180 with an all-American solution for our rocket engine. As you know, we partnered with Blue Origin last year for the development of the BE-4 engine. It is a methane engine. It was 3\1/2\ years into its development. And the engine portion of that effort was fully funded, allowing us to move out smartly on that activity.    Rocket science is hard. And rocket engines are the hardest part. So prudence required that I also enter into a partnership with Aerojet Rocketdyne for the AR1 rocket engine as a backup. That is a kerosene engine. It is at present 16 months behind the Blue Origin 4 engine simply because it started later. And it does require significant government funding in order to continue. Both engines are currently on plan. They are meeting their project and technical milestones. And, most importantly for our Nation, both will bring the advanced engine cycle technology that is present on the RD-180 to American shores and allow us to regain our leadership in this key technical area.    Now, as we do all of this, ULA's focus will remain laser sharp on mission success and schedule certainty. We are very proud of our perfect, on-time successful record of now 96 consecutive launches, many of which were critical national security assets. Now, in order to do all of this and avoid an assured access gap and generate the commercial funds necessary for this investment in this new engine, it is necessary that we be allowed to continue competing with the Atlas launch vehicle in order to support those missions and provide the funds that are required to do this. And so I am grateful to the House and especially for this committee and the work that you have done to correct the situation that Ranking Member Cooper referred to that will allow us to have true and proper competition going forward while we protect our own national security.    Now, as we stand here today, the industry has matured to admit a second provider for national security launch. I think that is a good thing. Competition is healthy for the taxpayer, and it is healthy for the industry. I look forward to competing in this new environment. And I am confident that when there is a fair and even playing field, that ULA can come to that field, and we can win. So I am optimistic about the future of space launch. I am inspired by the missions that I have the privilege to be entrusted with. And I look forward to your questions.    Mr. Bruno. Certainly. Well Vulcan really refers to a series of evolutions to the Atlas that takes several years to accomplish. The first step in that evolution is simply replacing the engine that is on the Atlas. So whether it is an AR1 or a BE-4, that Atlas with that new engine would be called Vulcan and it would still have the Atlas upper stage, Atlas fairings, Atlas strap-ons. It is essentially an Atlas with a new engine. If I might take a moment, I would like to expand on my colleagues' answers, I think they were far too modest when they responded to your question relative to the cost of their engines.    First, understanding that there is no such thing as an RD-180 drop-in replacement, we are not at this time capable of replicating the performance and the thrust level of the RD-180. What they are talking about is providing a pair of engines that would replace the single RD-180. That pair of engines we expect to be upwards of 35 percent less expensive than a single RD-180. So while the performance of the engine is only first generation and lagging what the RD-180 has, the manufacturing technology is a giant leap ahead.    Mr. Bruno. So either engine path that has just been discussed requires significant investment on the part of ULA. Without the continued revenue generation of the Atlas, until that new American engine is available, we will lack the funds to be able to accomplish that activity. Without that, we are entering into a marketplace where the Air Force market has declined and is incapable of supporting two providers.    Now, the good news is the overall lift market is large enough to support both of us, both the new entrant and us and the other traditional suppliers. But in order to be a viable economic entity in that environment, we need to be able to effectively compete for civil and commercial missions in addition to competing for national security space missions. Without that lower-cost rocket and without the investment required to get there, we are simply not economically viable in that window.    Mr. Bruno. It is unlikely that the capital markets would look at this uncertain investment environment any more favorably than our parents do. So investment really dislikes and avoids uncertainty. And as we sit here today, it is very uncertain whether the Atlas will even be available to fly during the period between the end of its current contracts and the availability of the new rocket engine. So that leaves a multiyear period of time when we have no product to bring to the marketplace. Not very likely I could attract money from capital markets for that.    Mr. Bruno. The only data I have to operate on at the moment is the forecasts that the government has provided for the space lift that occurs in that window of time. And it is important to remember that we are the ride for national security assets. They are recapitalized in waves. So we are currently recapitalizing a set of national security satellites that are well past their design life. That is going to complete in a short number of years. There will be a long trough until the new assets run out of life, and then they will be recapitalized. So it is very cyclic. What has been forecasted to us by the government--and it is a pretty sound forecast because we can see the satellites in the pipeline being designed and built--is that that marketplace drops from about 8 to 10 a year to 5. And then that will be divided between at least two providers, so two or three. And that is not a sustainable economic model if you do not also have access to civil and commercial markets.    Mr. Bruno. Certainly. But, first, I have to observe that that comment reveals that Mr. Bezos is obviously a very intelligent man. So in order to have a fair and even competitive playing field that is healthy and in the interest of the government and good for industry, it is important, of course, that the participants in that competition are able to bring competitive products to the marketplace. That is why we need continued access to Atlas.    In addition to that, the competition itself needs to be fair and even. So we must be held to the same technical standards in terms of the performance and the missions that we are able to fly, as well as the contracting requirements. So, today, the ULA is required to perform to what is called FAR Part 15, which are a set of very complex and sophisticated acquisition regulations. They require for us to provide elaborate, extensive, and expensive financial recording, tracking, and reporting systems.    Our competitor in a commercial marketplace does not. So all of these elements have to be leveled. And then I would also advise the government that for national security missions, for which our Nation's safety depends and warfighters' lives are at risk, that a low-price, technically acceptable, type of priced shootout is not an appropriate methodology. You wouldn't buy your car that way. You wouldn't buy your home that way. And our soldiers' lives should not be dependent upon it. So when competing and when making selections, they should consider cost equally balanced with technical performance, reliability, and schedule certainty. Remember, I mentioned that the assets being recapitalized are generally beyond their design life. There is an urgency to replacing them as soon as possible. That, too, should be considered.    Mr. Bruno. Well, this is an excellent sort of example of the difference between an engine provider and a launch vehicle service provider. It will not cost tens of millions of dollars to incorporate any version of an AR1. Recall that we started with an understanding that the performance level coming out of either of these two engines will not match the RD-180, and we will be using a pair of engines to do that. The thrust level----    Mr. Bruno. Yes, it will. In fact, it will be larger than the two.    Mr. Bruno. In addition to that, the RD-180 uses a very novel thrust vector control system to move the nozzle and steer the rocket based on fluidics that tap off the engine fuel system. That is also a technology that does not exist in the United States, and, by the way, one that we do not have an interest in developing. So there will be a new thrust vector control system to go along with that. So when we do all of that, with the new performance point that is required and the new thrust levels that will be delivered, there will be software changes; there will be structure changes; there will be alterations to the pad to accomplish even the AR1. The number that was quoted was not unreasonable, but I think you will hear from----    Mr. Bruno. Right.    Mr. Bruno. I do think that's an accurate.    Mr. Bruno. That is for the AR1. I can drive that number down if I am willing to leave the tank exactly the same size that I have on Atlas. But if I do that, because of the lower efficiency of that engine and its first generation as a launch system for several missions, I will be adding one or more solid rocket boosters to the launch vehicle. And so the cost competitiveness, the affordability of that system, will be less than the Atlas today.    Mr. Bruno. It will not lift the same missions. So I think you are asking me, could I keep the tank size the same, take the engine that I am--that is made available to me, strap on the extra strap-ons and just deal with the additional cost. I could do that for the first set within the fleet. So remember that the Atlas is a fleet of rockets, the least capable of which is equivalent to a Falcon. There are much more difficult orbits that we go to. Eventually, there is a limit to how many strap-ons I can physically attach to the rocket because of the way the rocket is configured. Those most difficult missions would suddenly become out of reach of an Atlas in this configuration without a longer tank to carry more fuel.    Mr. Bruno. Yes. So the BE-4 requires more extensive changes to our infrastructure and to our rocket.    Mr. Bruno. It would not be unreasonable to triple or quadruple that number.    Mr. Bruno. Yes.    Mr. Bruno. Yes. So, you know, you can think of it in these pieces: there is the rocket; there is the pad; factory, of course, with its tooling; and then the equipment that we use actually at the launch site to integrate the rocket with the satellite and roll it out.    So those things, you know, are more dependent upon the physical size and configuration of what changes we have to make to accommodate the engine. So my colleague is correct, there are far fewer changes with the AR1, because it is the same propellant, and so the diameter and the length of the rocket will be much more similar, much more of the tooling in the factory can be the same. The equipment at the launch pad can be only slightly modified and the pad will have smaller modifications.    For the methane engine, because methane is less dense, the tank will be much larger. I will have to replace much more tooling in the factory. I will have to redo what is called the mobile launch platform that moves the rocket to the pad, and then the changes to the pad are more extensive.    Mr. Bruno. Yes.    Mr. Bruno. Yes. So both companies are under contract with us. We have, you know, sort of weekly engagements, monthly formal program reviews. We are tracking both schedules side by side. As I mentioned in my opening remarks, Aerojet Rocketdyne started several years later than Blue Origin, and that is essentially the nature of the 16 months.    Mr. Bruno. I believe the requirements in the RPS activity that you are referring to are very clear from the government.    Mr. Bruno. Yes.    Mr. Bruno. I will not carry them all the way until completion. We will carry both until it is clear that the major technical risk with either path has been retired and we are in a position to make a down selection based on their technical feasibility, their schedule, and their forecast of recurring cost. I expect that to happen at the end of 2016. The reason we will down select and not carry both forward is simply because I cannot afford to carry both all the way.    Mr. Bruno. The standard reference for technical performance remains what the Air Force calls the 8 reference missions. And so they provide us with a set of orbits and payload weight to be lifted to that orbit. Those have not changed as of this date. The most challenging of those orbits require our complete capability all the way to the Atlas V with its 5 strap-ons and its largest payload fairing.    Mr. Bruno. Yes. And it is probably important to understand the subtlety within that as well, which is the time required in space to reach the highest orbits, and that dictates some of the technical characteristics of the upper stage. So when we go to, for example, geosynchronous orbit, if you wish to directly inject, which the government generally does to preserve the life of the satellite, it takes 8 hours flying in space operating in upper stage in order to circularize that orbit, something not possible with conventional fuels like kerosene, for example, without elaborate systems to keep them from simply freezing up.    Mr. Bruno. The Federal Acquisition Regulations actually provide for different models; 15 is one set. There is another set referred to as 12, and there are others that do exactly that and provide guidance when it is appropriate to use the less-elaborate systems.    Mr. Bruno. Yes.    Mr. Bruno. It happens to be the world that we live in at     Mr. Bruno. Yes.    Mr. Bruno. In the foreseeable future, I see our activities in the marketplace as complementary. And what my colleague Rob is referring to is in the far future, when we will have ample opportunity to work out arrangements.