    Mr. Carney. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Thank you, Mr. Secretary, for being here, you and your team. I appreciate it. This has actually been helpful to me to think through this issue.    Mr. Duffy, my friend Mr. Duffy, said earlier in the hearing that you are in violation of the law. I think I got that right. And he said you should be doing everything to get back in compliance. We have heard from a number of lawyers on both sides of the aisle; I am not one. But this issue of endeavoring to get in compliance I think is the appropriate way of looking at this.    It seems to me it would be inappropriate--and I think Mr. Mulvaney suggested he agrees with this in his questioning, as well--immediately, because you would be imposing that burden on borrowers who would have to absorb that higher rate in that particular short-term period of time, and that gradually you would gradually increase the rate or set it at a level that would get you in compliance over a period of time.    Is that what you are trying to do?    Mr. Carney. Right. So that was, kind of, the next part of my questioning. And that is, how do you feel like you are doing that part of your mission right now, when, as I say--I heard you say your average credit score now is 680. To the extent that reflects your target market, it seems a little high. You have a floor of 500, and for those under 580, you require 5 percent.    How do you feel that you are addressing that part of your mission, to help those potential home buyers?    Mr. Carney. So it is kind of a balancing act, right?    Mr. Carney. So, as we think about this capital number or target, 2 percent, kind of like we would the national debt when there was a lot of discussion about that, we wouldn't want to pay down the national debt next year, would we? Because that would impose a huge burden on the taxpayers next year. We would want to stabilize it first and then gradually lower it by responsible fiscal and tax policy, wouldn't we?    Mr. Carney. Right.    I am disappointed that my friend Mr. Stivers left, because he talked about the pricing of risk and the market pricing of risk and risk-sharing. It sounded like you said you are not actually doing that. I would encourage you to do that. And I have a method in mind, because Mr. Delaney, Mr. Himes, and I have been working on a GSE reform bill, the essence of which is to--Mr. Perlmutter hates our bill, but anyway--appropriately price risk.    So it would be helpful--right now, Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac are doing that. Right? They are selling off some of that risk, and we are getting a better idea of how those mechanisms work. So it might be helpful for us to understand what that pricing mechanism might look like if you would do it, as well.    Do you intend to do that? You said you are not doing that--    Mr. Carney. Yes, I would love to. We have had some assistance from your folks already, and we appreciate that very much.    It is really the unfinished businesses, if you will, of the near financial collapse, we think, where there has been some considerable disagreement here on this committee. Members of this committee want the government to be completely out of that. We think that would risk the 30-year fixed-rate mortgage. We think our mechanism appropriately would price that risk, and we hope to move that forward.    So thank you very much for your testimony today, and good luck to you.