    Ms. DelBene. Thank you, Mr. Chair. And thanks to all of you for being with us today. I am very happy that we, as a Committee, are taking up state tax issues. In many areas of the law, the digital age has created new complexities and definitely at times illogical results where the law hasn't kept up with the pace of technology or the ways we purchase or live and do business. However, as someone who has a career in business, in technology, and a former revenue director for the State of Washington, I can tell you that from both perspectives some of the bills we are discussing today seem to be misguided.    The physical presence standard in BATSA, for example, would favor large businesses that have a limited physical presence, but a huge volume of economic activity within an individual state. Meanwhile, shifting the state corporate tax burden to main street small businesses along with manufacturing, national resources, and service industries, businesses that create local jobs and pay local property taxes. It is easy to envision an environment under BATSA where the big guys are planning around and avoiding local taxes all the while reaping the benefits of doing businesses in states across the country.    Meanwhile, small businesses that are paying for the benefits for doing business in any given state are put at a competitive disadvantage. And this critical point goes to marketplace fairness, which we have been talking about or the online sales tax issue, which really boils down to ensuring brick and mortar stores that make up the fiber of our communities aren't penalized or put on an unequal playing field without a state online retailers.    I know we've talked about this a bit and, Commissioner Magee, I wondered if you could tell us the economic impacts this not passing legislation like marketplace fairness has on your state? And I also would like you to highlight what that means to local jurisdictions because we talked about state revenues but this is primary revenue source for local jurisdictions that I think is important we highlight the impact there.    Ms. DelBene. Now, to be clear, this is not a new tax. This would not be passing new taxes. You indicated earlier, these are use taxes that are already owed.    Ms. DelBene. You know, I went to a renting store in my district, good example, brick and mortar in a local community. People come in, try on running shoes, find the exact pair they need and many times might leave that store and buy it online just because of the difference between the amount they would pay with sales tax versus without sales tax. They are still a resident of a state. They are still buying it, but that shows you that we have an unequal playing field where there is a disadvantage from our local retailers. I assume you have scenarios like that that you hear about all the time.    Ms. DelBene. And in a state like mine, Washington State, where we do not have a state income tax, collection is even more complicated because there is not that place on the form to fill out. It would be a totally separate process, which makes it even more challenging and highlights how important legislation like marketplace fairness would be.    Thank you very much. I am running out of time.    And I yield back, Mr. Chair.