    Mr. Smith. The subcommittee will come to order. Good afternoon and welcome to everyone joining us today. I particularly want to welcome our witnesses and Ambassador Ronald Lauder, the president of the World Jewish Congress; Mr. Roger Cukierman, president of the Representative Council of Jewish Institutions of France; and Mr. Dan Asmussen, chairperson of the Danish Jewish Community.    In 1982, during my first term in Congress, I traveled with the National Conference on Soviet Jewry to Moscow and Leningrad, now St. Petersburg, to meet with Jewish refusniks in their homes and to engage Soviet leaders. Mark Levin invited me to be on that trip and has been a friend and a mentor ever since. For hours on end, Mark and I and a delegation that included former Democrat member of this committee, who was a ranking member, Sam Gejdenson, heard stories of the Soviets' physical and mental abuse, systemic harassment, gulags and psychiatric prisons, and an array of similarly wanton and brutal acts of anti-Semitism.    To apply for an exit visa, a universally recognized human right, which on paper, at least, the Soviet Union had acceded to, was to invite the cruelty and the wrath of the KGB and other small minded, morally stunted thugs. To courageously seek freedom rendered you ineligible for employment in Lenin's farcical workers' paradise. The Soviet system, militantly atheistic and morally incoherent, wouldn't let Jews leave, but didn't want Jews to stay either, a bizarre paradox.    To a brand new, 27-year-old Congressman, it was bewildering and deeply troubling. Why do they hate Jews? And I pondered that question over and over again and why the anti-Semitic obsession? Well, sadly, it has not changed and it is getting worse.    This is the ninth hearing I have chaired on combating anti-Semitism. The first was right after the Republicans took control. We put together a hearing called ``The Rising Tide of Anti-Semitism.'' And even though the Soviet Union had matriculated to Russia, we heard how anti-Semitism had become privatized and the government was doing little or nothing to mitigate its occurrence. We also heard that it was rising everywhere as well.    However, never in modern times has the need to defend Jews everywhere been greater. Our next hearings will be on the explosion of anti-Semitic hate on college campuses and Jewish community security which increasingly has to be addressed and real dollars put in place to lessen that threat as well.    For the first time since the Holocaust, the physical security of Jewish communities in Europe have become a top level concern. Our hearing today will examine the horrifying state of affairs facing Jewish communities in Europe at this time.    At a congressional hearing that I had in 2002, Dr. Shimon Samuels of the Wiesenthal Center in Paris testified and I quote him, ``The Holocaust for 30 years after the war acted as a protective teflon against blatant anti-Semitic expression, especially in Europe.<greek-l>'' `` deg. That teflon,'' he said, ``has eroded and what was considered distasteful and politically incorrect is becoming simply an opinion. But cocktail chatter,'' he went on to say, ``at fine English dinners can end as Molotov cocktails against synagogues.''    That is exactly where we are now, 13 years later. What was anti-Semitic cocktail chatter then, has now led to two people shot and killed at a synagogue and a Jewish cultural center in Copenhagen and four killed in a terrorist attack on a kosher supermarket in Paris. These are only the most recent outrages in a terrifying increase of extreme anti-Semitic violence. Let us not forget the May 2014 murder of four people at the Jewish Museum in Brussels and the March 2012 murder of three Jewish children and a rabbi at a Jewish school in the French city of Toulouse.    Each of these four attacks was perpetrated by a killer who has links to a jihadist movement. For far too long, far too many government officials, many of them mired in what Natan Sharansky summarized as ``the application of double standards and the demonization of Israel'' have reacted weakly to this danger. Meanwhile, the threat has grown exponentially.    Today, at least 3,000, perhaps more than 5,000 EU citizens have left to join ISIS in Syria, Iraq, and other conflict zones. This is the recent estimates of Europol, the EU's joint criminal intelligence body. It would be criminally irresponsible not to take this number as a warning of events much worse to come and to make every effort to prepare accordingly. And of course, that also applies to those who have gone to those battlefields from the United States.    In 2002, in response to what appeared to be a sudden frightening spike in anti-Semitism in several countries including the U.S., I first proposed the idea of conferences on combating anti-Semitism under the auspices of the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe. Convinced we had an escalating crisis on our hands, I teamed with several OSCE partners, including Germany and members of the Bundestag, to push for action and reform. Many of the people in the NGOs present in this room played leading and pivotal roles in that effort. Those efforts directly led to the creation of the OSCE Chairperson-in-Office's Personal Representative on Combating Anti-Semitism, which has been filled with great distinction by Rabbi Andy Baker since 2009.    Rabbi Baker has done outstanding work, dogged and energetic. He has been the driver behind everything the OSCE has done, has accomplished in fighting anti-Semitism in recent years.    My efforts with partners to put anti-Semitism on the OSCE agenda also led to important conferences in Vienna, Berlin, in Bucharest, and last fall in Berlin. In each of these, participating states have made solemn, tangible commitments to put our words into action. In some countries progress indeed has been made. Institutions that fight anti-Semitism have been created and they have done excellent work. They have also done the all-important work of chronicling it. As Sharansky said at one of our hearings, ``If you don't chronicle the crime, how can you fight it?'' But it has not been enough to reverse the new anti-Semitism sweeping Europe and it has failed miserably to anticipate and prevent the arrival of jihadist anti-Semitism in Europe. That is why we are here today, to review, recommit, and reenergize efforts to stop the evil of anti-Semitic violence that is threatening the Jewish communities of Europe. And again, this is worldwide, but our focus primarily is on Europe today.    We need to learn more about what must be done to ensure community security, how the community sees the threats they face, what they are doing about them, what the European governments are doing about them and how everyone can and must do more.    We can also learn how the U.S. should do more and be more effective in this fight. And this is especially in light of World Jewish Congress President Lauder's all-important question, who will lead off our witnesses, when he says in testimony today, ``Where is the United States?'' Ambassador Lauder will say, ``Once again, like the 1930s, European Jews live in fear. In my travels to all of these communities,'' he goes on, ``I am asked the question around Europe and the world. Where is the United States? Why isn't the United States leading the world in this crisis?''    I would like to now yield to my good friend and colleague, Mr. Mark Meadows, for any comments he might have.    Mr. Smith. Mr. Meadows, thank you very much for your opening comments and thank you for your leadership. I would note for the record that Mr. Meadows is not only one of the leaders on religious freedom in general, believing that we all need to protect the rights of people of faith to act and believe and follow their conscience, but he has been especially tenacious on the issue of combating anti-Semitism and I want to thank him for that.    I would like to recognize our distinguished witnesses beginning first with Ambassador Ronald Lauder, who has served as President of the World Jewish Congress since June 2007 and has championed the safety and security of the State of Israel in the public arena for many years. From 1983 to 1986, he served as Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense for European and NATO Affairs. And in 1986, he was appointed by President Ronald Reagan as Ambassador to Austria. He is the former chairman of the Conference of Presidents of Major American-Jewish Organizations and has made the fight against anti-Semitism a life-long endeavor. He is a man who has truly made a difference.    We will then hear from Mr. Roger Cukierman who was elected as President of the Representative Council of Jewish Institutions of France in 2001. He was reelected in 2004 and again in 2013. He is Vice President of the World Jewish Congress and serves as Treasurer of the Foundation for the Memory of the Shoah. He is active in many of the social and educational institutions of the Jewish community and has made the fight against anti-Semitism his main priority, demanding French Government action to fight hate crimes, defending the safety and security of Jewish schools, houses of worship, and urging solidarity with victims of terror.    We will then hear from Mr. Dan Rosenberg Asmussen who was elected as the chairperson of the Danish Jewish Community Center in 2014. In his professional career, he is the Deputy Director of the Association of Danish Pharmacies. He played an important role in the immediate aftermath of the attack at the Copenhagen synagogue last month by managing the crisis unit and liaisoning with local law enforcement authorities as well as political leaders.    So Ambassador Lauder, if you could begin your statement.    Ambassador Lauder. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman. But before I start, Mr. Meadows mentioned the shoes along the Danube. What had happened in the closing days of World War II, as the Russians were surrounding Budapest and they cut off the rail lines, they still wanted to kill more Jewish people. They took something like 5,000 Jewish people, had them undress, put 10 and 20 together, roped together with wire and pushed them into the Danube and let them drown together, just as a last ditch effort to kill people. It was the Arrow Cross that did most of it and interestingly enough the Arrow Cross has been re-erected in Budapest and it is now an organization there with a terrible history. Thank you.    I would like to thank you personally, Mr. Chairman, for your support of every religion, race, gender, and age who live in this great country.    The particular topic today at this particular moment in history after Paris and Copenhagen, responding to the rising tide of anti-Semitism, is sadly all too timely. It is reminiscent of an even darker age that we thought was behind us. With your permission, I would like to submit a statement.    Exactly 70 years ago, as American GIs advanced into Nazi Germany in the last days of the most devastating war in history, the world had a glimpse of the horror of unbridled anti-Semitism. The images of the concentration camps that were liberated throughout Europe in the spring of 1945 still cause a universal shudder to this day. For the first few decades after World War II, we mistakenly, all of us, believed that anti-Semitism, the age-old hatred of Jews, had finally disappeared from Europe and everywhere else. That is because in the 1950s and 1960s, no one in their right minds wanted to be associated with Nazis. It is because we all saw where this kind of hatred leads. And, perhaps, people who still harbored these beliefs were too embarrassed to express them openly.    I now tell you with the greatest sadness that 70 years later, the age-old virus of anti-Semitism has returned in all its evil and ugliness. Anti-Semitism has returned to streets of Paris and Toulouse, to the streets Brussels and Copenhagen. It has even returned to Berlin.    You will hear the personal accounts from my friend, Roger Cukierman, the head of the Jewish community in Paris, but listen to these frightening facts.    Jews make up less than 1 percent of the population of France, but they were victims of more than half of all the racial attacks in that country last year. The number of anti-Jewish attacks in France in 2014 doubled from the year before. In Great Britain, the number of anti-Semitic attacks also doubled from the year before. In Austria, again we saw the amount of anti-Semitic attacks doubling. In fact, the EU report from 9 nations showed that 16 months ago, long before the latest wave of terror, Jews in these countries were already concerned about growing anti-Semitism. You don't have to be a mathematician to see an obvious trend here.    There is a hatred growing throughout Europe that is causing Jews to wonder if they should leave. They are asking if there is a future for Jews on that continent.    Last fall, I sat with representatives of the Jewish community in Rome and they told me that although they may stay, their children and definitely their grandchildren will leave. They told me that the Jewish community in Rome, that has existed since the time of Christ and survived Hitler, would disappear within 25 years. How could this happen in 2015?    The answer is that a strange confluence of hatred has taken hold across Europe today that comes from many different corners. There are huge populations of Muslim immigrants throughout Europe. Most are peaceful, but far too many of them have adopted radical Islam. There are thousands of young European Muslims that have left to fight with Islamic radicals in Iraq and Syria, and there is a real fear that they could return, bringing the bloodshed with them. Some have already returned and we have seen the consequences.    At the same time, we have seen the rise of smaller right wing Neo-Nazi extremist groups that have become political forces in Hungary and Greece and have been seen on the streets in Germany and France. And there is a third force that may appear more benign, but it adds fuel to this fire. I am talking about an educated, elitist class, from universities to the media, that has a pathological hatred of Israel. They would never consider themselves anti-Semitic, but they are quite open in their opinion that only Israel is the source of all of the problems in the Middle East. This is intellectually dishonest and devoid of reality. But too many people have accepted their lies as the truth.    And then there is technology. Seventy years ago, Josef Goebbels used newspapers, film, and marches to infuse hatred of Jews into mainstream society. Today, the power of the Internet sends out a constant stream of anti-Semitic ideas at hyperspeed and there are not enough people speaking up to counter these lies.    Do you want to know what it is like to be openly Jewish in Europe today? Just go to YouTube and watch what happens when a young man simply walks down a European street wearing a yarmulke. He is insulted, shoved, spat on, and as we saw in France, Jews who are openly Jewish can also be killed.    Once again, like the 1930s, many European Jews live in fear.    Members of the committee, in my travels to all of the communities, I am asked the same question around Europe and the world, I have been asked where is the United States? Why isn't the United States leading the world in that crisis? Right after the attacks on Charlie Hebdo and the kosher grocery store in Paris, over 1 million people marched in defiance of those murders. Many of the leaders of Europe linked arms in solidarity in the very front row. But there was not one U.S. representative with them in the front row.    I believe this sent a very negative message around the world. European leaders have stepped up and strongly condemned these attacks on Jews and the rise of anti-Semitism. The United States must do the same. The United States must lead. When a Neo-Nazi party like Jobbik in Hungary or Golden Dawn in Greece wins substantial votes in elections, the United States must condemn in the strongest possible terms these anti-Semitic parties. My fear is that muted condemnations or worse, silence, could lead to what we saw in Europe 70 years ago. and that led to deaths of 60 million people and the destruction of a continent.    We must insist that European nations better share intelligence on anti-Semitic Islamic hate preachers. All countries must better monitor radical Islam recruiting in prisons, on the Internet, and in mosques. And without question, we must closely monitor European and U.S. nationals returning from the Middle East and Africa. The United States can and must speak loudly and clearly to condemn this evil for what it is, the radical Islamic hatred of Jews.    Mr. Chairman, one of the bravest men in history, Sir Winston Churchill, came to Westminster College in Fulton, Missouri in 1946 and he warned us that the Soviet takeover of Eastern Europe was complete and an Iron Curtain had descended across the continent. Churchill was trying to wake up a sleeping world because too many people didn't want to believe him. We had just fought a war against totalitarianism and we were tired. We didn't want to fight another one.    Well, today, it is not an Iron Curtain that is descending across Eastern Europe. It is a white-hot fire and its reach is much greater. This new, incandescent flame is scorching the entire Middle East from Tehran, across Iraq, and through Syria, Lebanon, Gaza, and now Yemen. It stretches across parts of North Africa. It destroys everything in its path and leaves nothing alive, not Jews, not Christians and not Muslims who don't share their exact beliefs.    Unless we act now, the flame of radical Islam could stretch across all of Europe as well. After Churchill's speech in Missouri, it took 44 years and billions of dollars to defeat Soviet Communism. We were focused back then, we were committed, we were united with our allies, and we were able to win the Cold War without horrific bloodshed.    But in order to defeat this new flame of radical Islamic terror and survive, the United States must lead. I fear that if we do not stand up to this new foe immediately, it will take us much longer than 44 years to defeat it. I fear it will cost us much more of our treasure and, most tragically of all, I fear it will consume many, many more lives, not just in the Middle East and Europe, but here as well.    Members of the committee, we must not let this happen again. Thank you.    Mr. Smith. Ambassador Lauder, thank you very much for your very powerful and sobering comments to the subcommittee and by extension to the Congress and to the American people, thank you.    I would like to now recognize Mr. Roger Cukierman.    Mr. Smith. Mr. Cukierman, thank you very much for your insights and counsel and your historical perspective which is very, very illuminating. We look forward to questions when we get to that point.    I would like to now ask Mr. Asmussen, if you would proceed.    Mr. Smith. Thank you so very much, Mr. Asmussen, for your statement and insights. We have been joined by some members who weren't here during opening statements so before going to questions, I would like to briefly ask if they would like to give an opening, beginning with David Cicilline who is the acting ranking member.    Mr. Smith. Thank you very much, Mr. Cicilline. Mr. Clawson.    Mr. Smith. Thank you very much. Mr. Emmer?    Mr. Smith. Mr. Emmer, thank you so very much as well. Let me begin the questioning if I could. At our hearing in February 2013, Zuhdi Jasser who is the President of the American Islamic Forum for Democracy and a very outspoken man in the combating of anti-Semitism made a very, very important insight, provided the committee a very important insight when he said, ``The link between Islamism and anti-Semitism is rather simple. It is self-evident that supremacists from within a particular faith community will create and exploit hatred toward another faith community in order to collectively rally their own followers against a common enemy.'' And then he went on to explain how this crowds out a more moderate Muslim view. And he said, ``These theo-fascists use the demonization of minorities as a populist tool to rally populations to their fanaticism.'' He went on in great depth and I will put part of this back into the record because I think it is so insightful that this is how they push out people--the Sadats of this world--who reach across and they divide and try to offer a common ground with Jews and with the State of Israel. And I am wondering what your thoughts might be on that because it seems as if the extremists win when there is not a counter force equal or greater to that effort.    Secondly, Mr. Asmussen, you mentioned Ira Forman. I would note for the record that in 2004, I sponsored the amendment that created that his office and position; very insightful at the time. Senator Voinovich had a bill that I sponsored on the House side. His bill passed, came over to the House. And I worked very closely with members on the other side of the aisle. We had a bipartisan effort to create an office that doesn't just do one report, but makes it permanent time and time again to do reports to monitor anti-Semitism and to create this position to work within the State Department as well. And I would appreciate your thoughts on how well you think that office might be doing. But at the time, 2004, Colin Powell, who was then Secretary of State, wrote a letter against the office, against the amendment. He thought the Human Rights bureau could handle the law. It was reminiscent of what Bill Clinton did when I offered the Trafficking Victims Protection Act, and it became law. He did sign it eventually, but the State Department sent over a letter saying, the Assistant Secretary for Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor, that they will just absorb all of this into the Human Rights Report and just do a little more reporting on it, but don't create a lane where this will be looked at for what it is.    Similarly, when we were working with the coalition and I formed it, of the willing, in the OSCE Parliamentary Assembly, I was shocked at how many members of Parliament said why don't we just expand it to everything. Now I do believe we need to combat anti-Christian beliefs and all the others. I have had hearings on it. What is happening, I know, Mr. Ambassador, you have spoken out very forcibly on that, but there is a specific sense of disproportionality to how Jews are singled out. Look at our own FBI statistics on hate crimes relative to belief, of faith. Christians far outnumber all other in the country, yet less than 10 percent of the FBI hate crimes are committed against Christians. Ditto for Muslims in this country. Not so for Jews who are the victims of over 60 percent of all the hate crimes, even though they are only 2 percent of the population.    It is so disproportionate. It cries out for a single focus. And even as we were doing the conferences, there is always this move by the Dutch and by others to just make it xenophobia, about other issues, always to exclude and in my opinion, reduce in its focus the issue of combating anti-Semitism. So your thoughts how Mr. Forman and how well you think that office is working.    I have other questions, but I want to make sure my colleagues get time to ask as well. So please, if you could begin.    Mr. Smith. Thank you. Mr. Deutch.    Mr. Smith. Mr. Deutch, thank you very much for being here and for working in this issue so long and so hard yourself and we do have now, we have just revitalized and reconstituted a task force on combating anti-Semitism with four Republicans and four Democrats as co-chairs. We hope to invite frankly the entire House to join us. We have had this before, but I think having four co-chairs on each side will further demonstrate the significance of this commitment and that we really want to see action.    I do have questions I will ask a little bit later, but I would like to yield; we are joined by the gentleman from Arizona, Trent Franks, who is the chairman of the Constitution Subcommittee for the Judiciary Committee. He has been back and forth because he, too, has a markup going on. But he is also chairman of the Religious Freedom Caucus. So it is really a privilege to welcome him to the subcommittee.    Mr. Smith. Thank you very much, Mr. Franks. Mr. Cicilline.