    Mr. Tonko. Thank you, Mr. Chair.    And good morning, and thank you to our witnesses for participating this morning.    And I thank the chair for holding a hearing on this very important topic.    Congress enacted the Comprehensive Environmental Response Compensation and Liability Act, commonly known as Superfund, some 35 years ago, but communities across the country are still dealing with the legacy of toxic waste. After a rough start, the Superfund program has had success in containing and cleaning up serious contamination problems in many of our communities, but there is still much work to do and too few dollars available to do it.    The good news is that sites are being cleaned up. When sites are cleaned up, the surrounding community benefits from a cleaner, healthier environment, and returning abandoned, contaminated land to productive use improves the local economy.    In addition to the sites on private or State land, there are many Superfund sites on Federal land. The Federal Government operates facilities across our country on millions of acres of land. Some of the Federal site contamination is due to the government's activities, but there are also many areas where mining, drilling, and industrial activities by private parties took place decades ago, leaving a legacy of contamination.    The Federal Government is subject to the Superfund law, and the government spends billions of dollars annually to clean up hazardous contamination at Federal facilities.    A few years ago, I asked the Government Accountability Office to look at the status of cleanup activities on Federal lands and to focus on the agencies and departments other than the Departments of Defense and Energy. These department sites are generally well known and have received considerable oversight and attention. The situation for the United States Department of Agriculture, the Department of the Interior, and other Federal agencies was less clear.    Under the Superfund law, Federal agencies are required to identify, assess, and clean up contamination on the properties that they administer, but cleanups cannot begin if sites have not been identified and characterized. As Mr. Gomez and his team found, this first crucial step has not been completed in the case of these other departments. And because of the nature of the sites on Department of Interior and Department of Agriculture lands and the limited budgets for these activities, it does not appear we will have a complete, reliable inventory in the near future.    We spend a lot of time these days worrying about how much the government is spending. I worry about that, as well, but I also worry about how we are distributing these dollars that we do spend. Across-the-board cuts and arbitrary caps are preventing us from doing some of our most important and difficult tasks: setting priorities and ensuring that we are providing funds to programs that deliver sustained benefits to our citizens. And returning contaminated land to productive use, preventing pollution migration, and reducing people's exposure to dangerous toxins certainly is a sustained benefit.    With the passage of Superfund, we made a commitment to identify and clean up contaminated properties. We should fulfill that commitment. I don't know that new legislation is required to do this. I do believe that additional oversight of this program, however, would be very useful. This hearing makes an important contribution to that effort.    Mr. Gomez, thank you and your team for your work on this issue. You have given us a lot to consider and provide some constructive recommendations.    I do appreciate the opportunity for the subcommittee to examine our Superfund program. The citizens living in communities with these sites are anxious, and they are anxious to have them cleaned up and returned to safe, productive use. The responsible parties, whether public or private, want to accomplish those cleanups in a cost-effective manner. These are goals that we can all support, so I do hope to work with you, Chairman Shimkus, and the other members of the subcommittee to achieve these goals.    And I thank all for participating in the hearing this morning and next week, and I look forward to your testimony on what is a very important issue.    With that, I yield back.    Mr. Tonko. Thank you. And, again, I thank the chair for convening this panel to provide us with a progress report on Federal facility cleanups under Superfund.    Last Congress, this committee considered legislation to change the treatment of Federal facility cleanups under Superfund. That bill was not based on an oversight record and included several misguided provisions. I did indeed oppose that legislation, as did all of my Democratic colleagues on the committee. So I welcome this opportunity to build the committee's record on these issues and hear from some of our agencies involved in Federal facility cleanups.    I would like to start by asking about Federal responsibilities under current law.    Mr. Conger and Mr. Whitney, under current law, are you subject to the liability and cleanup requirements of Superfund at sites where you are a responsible party?    Mr. Tonko. Thank you. And----    Mr. Tonko . Mr. Conger, you are in agreement.    Mr. Stanislaus, under current law, are all Federal agencies subject to the liability and cleanup requirements in Superfund?    Mr. Tonko. In fact, section 120 of Superfund imposes additional requirements on Federal agencies that private parties do not face, I believe.    Mr. Conger, what obligations does Superfund place on the Department of Defense and other agencies before you can transfer land?    Mr. Tonko. OK. And is that true also in regard to the BRAC process where we are addressing the realignment and closure of bases?    Mr. Tonko. And, Mr. Gomez, do private parties face these given obligations?    Mr. Tonko. OK.    I am sure that our ranker, Mr. Pallone, and others on the subcommittee will delve into the details more. But it is clear that there are a lot of potentially contaminated sites on Federal land that still need to be assessed and cleaned up, but a good deal already has been done, as I indicated earlier.    Mr. Conger, can you describe the progress that DOD has made in cleaning up its inventory of Superfund sites?    Mr. Tonko. Yes.    And, Mr. Whitney, can you describe the progress with DOE?    Mr. Tonko. Yes.    I see my time is up, so I will yield back, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Tonko. Thank you, Mr. Chair. And thank you for convening this panel today so that we can hear from states and communities affected by the Superfund cleanups.    At last week's panel, we heard that a lot of progress has been made to address dangerous contamination at Federal facilities owned by the Department of Defense and Department of Energy. So I would like to start by asking the panel, have you seen that progress in your states and communities? And what do these cleanups mean for communities around those sites?    Ms. Dieck, if you want to start.    Mr. Tonko. Ms. Buthker?    Mr. Tonko. Thank you.    And Mr. Houlemard?    Mr. Tonko. Thank you.    And it seems that some cleanups have progressed more smoothly than others and can offer best practices for how to work with states and engage communities. So can you cite for us observations of best practices to foster community involvement and strong cooperation amongst the stakeholders?    Mr. Houlemard?    Mr. Tonko. Thank you.    Ms. Buthker?    Mr. Tonko. Thank you.    And Ms. Dieck?    Mr. Tonko. Thank you very much.    I think my time is exhausted. I was going to sneak one more question in, but thank you very much. I yield back.