    Senator Vitter. Thank you very much, Chairman Bishop and members of this committee, for being here--welcome to Louisiana--and for holding this important hearing on the impacts of Federal policies on energy production and economic growth in the Gulf. And a special thanks to Congressmen Fleming and Graves for inviting me here and hosting me here.    Mr. Chairman, in the spirit of your earlier comments, just for the record, don't drink from the water fountains on the Senate side. I try to maintain a strong, vibrant House personality. So, in that spirit, I would love to join the committee after our testimony, but unfortunately I have to go immediately to the airport to return for votes.    It has been nearly 5\1/2\ years since the BP disaster devastated the Gulf region. Beyond the economic and environmental consequences--which were major, and of course we will talk about those--I want to begin by acknowledging the human tragedy and the loss of 11 fine men who were working on the rig: specifically Jason Anderson, 35, of Midfield, Texas; Aaron Dale ``Bubba'' Burkeen, 37, of Philadelphia, Mississippi; Donald Clark, 49, of Newellton, Louisiana; Stephen Ray Curtis, 40, of Georgetown, Louisiana; Gordon Jones, 28, of Baton Rouge, Louisiana; Roy Wyatt Kemp, 27, of Jonesville, Louisiana; Karl Dale Kleppinger, Jr., 38, of Natchez, Mississippi; Keith Blair Manuel, 56, of Gonzales, Louisiana; Dewey Revette, 48, of State Line, Mississippi; Shane Roshto, 22, of Liberty, Mississippi; and Adam Weise, 24, of Yorktown, Texas. I think it is very important to acknowledge that horrible human loss and remember them, and their families, in our prayers.    For 3 months after that horrendous explosion, more than 200 million gallons of crude oil spilled into the Gulf of Mexico, resulting in billions of dollars of economic and environmental damages that the Gulf region is still recovering from.    But, Mr. Chairman, there was additional great loss, and that additional great loss was completely avoidable. That came from the Obama administration's short-sighted and knee-jerk reaction, particularly in the way they imposed a 6-month drilling moratorium, and after that a de facto moratorium or ``permatorium'' that only compounded and multiplied the devastation of the spill.    That is important to note because I think that is the continuing context that some of these overly onerous regulations are part of. It is part of a devastating pattern. This initial moratorium was particularly noteworthy because President Obama's White House put out statements saying, suggesting that the panel of experts they immediately empaneled after the spill recommended the moratorium.    That was a lie, a flat-out lie, and the experts eventually said that and made that clear. So the Administration just used that to justify a needless moratorium and all of the economic costs that it brought with it.    In the years since, I have worked with many others to ensure that this kind of tragedy and subsequent economic loss never happens again. Certainly as a state and a Nation, we need a clear and a strong regulatory scheme that promotes stringent safety standards while allowing the industry to thrive and do its business. While many important reforms have been made, there is still important work to be done.    Louisiana's offshore oil and gas development isn't just one of the state's largest economic drivers; it is a way of life for so many, providing careers and livelihoods for so many in the region. The industry has operated harmoniously alongside other critical offshore and coastal industries, like commercial and recreational fishing and tourism.    While the recent energy boom of the last few years in the United States has helped Louisiana recover from President Obama's drilling moratorium with a dramatic dip in price, I am particularly concerned now about the continuing regulatory avalanche coming from the Obama administration aimed at oil and gas.    I know that this committee and others are examining the Department of the Interior's proposed Well Control Rule, and I encourage those determined efforts. Some stakeholders have conveyed to me that that proposal could have substantial economic impacts throughout the offshore oil and gas supply chain, which our state and region cannot afford. So, we must get to the bottom of that.    President Obama's attack on the oil and gas industry is not restricted to offshore exploration and development. There are a myriad of regulations coming our way that will have disastrous effects on onshore oil and gas businesses, such as the recently proposed methane rules for upstream oil and gas operations and the pending proposal to reduce the standard for ground-level ozone. These proposals, and many others that this and other committees have looked at, are likely to impose dramatic new economic burdens on the industry, which has been one of the few bright spots in the economy under President Obama.    So again, Mr. Chairman, I think the key point is that this is part of a pattern. It is a pattern we saw starting with the moratorium which was based on lies out of the White House about the recommendations of the panel of experts. It is a pattern that includes many, many regulatory overreaches, significant new burdens being placed on the economy with little or no positive health, safety, or environmental impact.    Protecting the health of the oil and gas industry is critical for all of us, for Louisiana and for the Nation. So, Mr. Chairman, thank you for this opportunity to testify and for this committee coming to the Gulf, coming to Louisiana as part of that important effort.