    Mr. Pascrell. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. We have heard our witnesses and some of our colleagues that government is the problem most of the time. That the solution to best aid working families is to tear it down. The government that is. Well, what happens when we leave private industries to set the rules of the road? Are they really better at investing in the economy and in the working men and women of our society? Do they, left to their own profit-seeking motives, protect the vulnerable? And there are many vulnerables here. Not just people who are incapacitated. Vulnerable means a lot of things, a lot of groups.    We used to have less regulated capitalism in the early part of the 20th century and we saw children working in factories and men, women, and children alike losing limbs and lives in hazardous workplaces. And let me interrupt what I am saying here to say that the comments to me about higher education are something to be considered. And housing, something to be considered. All of you, I believe--I have read your documentation--all of you make good, good suggestions and some of them are debatable. That is what democracy is when we, you know, practice it. But you will have to admit that the progressive movement ushered in child labor laws.    And somebody did not wake up one morning and say, ``Let's have child labor laws.'' There was a reason for them and it built up, and it built up. And the best changes came when there was bipartisan support. The best changes. Labor unions advocated for an 8 hour workday. So, I do not know if it is a good idea if we leave everything to the private sector to decide what is good and what is bad.    And this thing about regulations is the most mythical part of the center of destroying the American government. It is mythical when you look back at even the number of pages that are set aside for human regulation 20 years ago and this President of the United States who has been accused of everything but the plague. That is probably coming. We created government agencies like the FDA to regulate our food and meat production. Food safety is a major issue. When we talk about trade deals it is a big, big issue.    Today, we have workplace safety laws and agencies like OSHA to inspect for hazards on the job. You do not have to go any further than look at the regulations that we have been--oh my god, at the banking industry. When the guy that is getting a bonus of $120 million is standing up and saying, ``Well, we got rid of those 5200 clerks in that bank and that is going to solve everything.''    I put money into that bank. I got money in that bank. I am going to take it out. You want citizen advocacy, we will have it. I do not care what area you are talking about. Health care, financial, workplace. Prior to Medicare, about half of seniors did not have health insurance. In my district, now with Affordable Care Act we are down fairly low, 9 to 10 percent. I am sure it is the same with many people around here.    So, the government has no part in anything. The government has no part in helping the police and fire. That is a local issue. Without social security, 44 percent of our seniors would be living in poverty. And yet, we want to now privatize. We want to distort what social security was all about. Thankfully, today because of that program only nine percent do live in poverty. Seniors. That is too many. Government--the people's representatives did that. Not a corporation, not an economic theory, an honest to goodness government.    Mr. Pascrell. And I hope we have a second round.