    Mr. Oldfield. Hygiene.    Mr. Oldfield. Hygiene. Health is a good guess, though.    Mr. Oldfield. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I was pretty proud of my opening remarks here until I heard yours. It is going to be hard to beat that. I am gratified that some of the certified smart people are up there as well. So thank you for yours.    Thank you, Chairman Rohrabacher, Chairman Smith, Ranking Member Meeks, Ranking Member Bass, and distinguished members, Mr. Blumenauer, for the opportunity to provide these brief remarks, which are a summary of my written statement.    Thank you, before I begin, for your interest and your support for safe drinking water, sanitation, and hygiene programs throughout Africa, Asia, and Latin America over the last at least decade.    I also, before I continue, want to recognize and in fact applaud the U.S. civic organizations, religious groups, student clubs, corporations, academics, private philanthropists, nonprofits, and then my fellow panelists, my fellow witnesses, who are all working to solve this challenge with us today.    Safe drinking water, sanitation, and hygiene are about, its most simple terms, about the dignity and personal and economic security of human beings. A life without WASH is a very difficult one. You may remember a situation 2 years ago where two young women were raped and murdered in Uttar Predesh, India, raped and murdered on the way to go to the bathroom in a field at night. That story actually, I think, helped galvanize Congress to support the Water for the World Act that was referenced and to strengthen appropriations language, so thank you again for that.    And as I was preparing this testimony, I also learned of an extraordinarily sad situation from my friends at Special Olympics in Nigeria. A 15-year-old girl with an intellectual disability was raped on her way to fetch water from a local river for her school, a state school for students with intellectual disabilities in southern Nigeria. Now, that girl, a Special Olympics athlete, faces challenges in life that most of us can hardly imagine, and a lack of safe drinking water should not be one of them.    In both of these situations there were larger societal challenges involved, but if these women had safe drinking water and a private, safe place to go to the bathroom their lives would undoubtedly be or have been more secure and more productive.    Now, beyond these painful stories, there are hundreds of millions of women who spend far too much of their time and far too much of their income acquiring, as you have stated, just enough water to keep themselves and their families alive, if not actually healthy, on a daily basis. In 2015, hundreds of millions of women and girls are wasting their lives carrying water. Imagine what would each of us do if we had an extra 3 or 4 hours a day, how much more secure would we feel, how much more economically productive would we be?    This is solvable. I think all three of you have said that. And Congress has been a key ally for well over a decade here. The Water for the Poor Act of 2005, of course, made safe drinking water, sanitation, and hygiene a priority of U.S. foreign policy. The Water for the World Act of 2014 further directs USAID to make WASH investments with the biggest contributions to global public health, alongside improved monitoring and evaluation, enhanced accountability, and decentralized ownership.    This year, House appropriators reasserted congressional intent to prioritize WASH and its fundamental contributions to health and to the security of the world's poorest people. The appropriators wrote: ``Access to adequate water, sanitation, and hygiene is a critical component of disease prevention, and a lack of access to toilets and adequate sanitation impacts women and girls in particular.''    The global WASH challenge is both an emerging threat and an emerging opportunity. For 10 years, Congress and both the Bush and the Obama administrations have provided bipartisan support, moving WASH efforts to what I considered to be the leading edge of foreign assistance reform by focusing on strengthening local capacity and increasing accountability across Africa, Asia, and Latin America.    However, Congress can further improve human and economic security across the developing world and should, A, continue to provide strong oversight of these issues; B, increase the amount, the effectiveness, and the targeting of annual appropriations; C, seek additional leverage for U.S. taxpayer dollars through additional partnerships and innovative finance; D, make WASH a more prominent piece of our bilateral relationships with many countries; and E, prioritize water and sanitation first of all as an important sector in its own right, but secondly, as the foundation of long-lasting progress toward public health, conflict prevention, undernutrition, and economic development.    Now, years ago an early supporter of the Water for the Poor Act that became law in 2005 said: ``It is the human condition that must be improved if national security is to be strengthened.'' You might recall that quote. Sitting here today, I see no better way to improve the human condition than by providing safe drinking water, sanitization, and hygiene to more families and communities across the globe. And I and many, many others are grateful for your continuing support. Thank you.    Mr. Oldfield. Sure. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. It is a fair question. We have read the demographic data, 51 percent of the world now lives in cities and urban and peri-urban or informal settlement environments. So I would certainly second Dr. Whittington's suggestion to focus on cities to a certain extent.    But the data also shows that 70 to 75 percent of the remaining problem, 70 to 75 percent of the 663 million people without access to safe drinking water, the 2.4 billion people without a private, safe place to go to the bathroom, are in rural communities.    Mr. Oldfield. Seventy to seventy-five percent of the remaining need for safe drinking water and sanitation across the developing world is in rural communities, across Africa, across Asia, and across Latin America.    Now, that is changing. People are migrating to cities and informal settlements around cities and so on. So the need is pervasive everywhere.    I think what ties this all together is what I think the three of you said in your opening statements: We know how to solve this. And regardless if it is urban, peri-urban, or rural villages, in Africa, Asia, or Latin America, we know how to solve these problems, they now how to solve these problems, and they need to be solved in a fashion that is both appropriate in technical terms, in financial terms, and in sociocultural terms, and these problems need to be solved in a fashion that is resilient, that is going to build systems that are able to withstand population shifts, droughts, floods, and so on.    So the systems, whether it is urban, peri-urban, or rural, need to be both appropriate in a number of terms, a number of facets of appropriate and resilient.    Mr. Oldfield. Great. Thank you for that question, Mr. Chairman, about sanitation and the MDGs.    There is no easy answer to why the world missed by such a significant amount the Millennium Development Goal for sanitation. I will try in about 10 seconds here. Lack of political will, not just in this country, certainly not just in this country, but more importantly in developing countries, in Africa, Asia, and Latin America, simply a lack of political prioritization, and a lack of financial resources primarily from developing countries for sanitation.    And then in some places where these things did come together, I would use India as an example that made a significant commitment to sanitation throughout 2000 to 2015, there was an imbalance between hardware and software. They built a whole lot of toilets and didn't do the behavior change. They built a lot of hardware and didn't have a lot of software to back that up. So all of a sudden not just in India, but in many other parts of the world you have toilets used for unintended purposes.    If I might take 10 seconds to address the flip side of that, which is how we are going to address the Sustainable Development Goals commitment to universal coverage of sanitation by 2030. It is exactly the opposite. Increased political commitment and prioritization for sanitation, appropriate sanitation solutions, so that all 7-plus billion of us have a place to go to the bathroom on the planet. Political leaders--and I don't mean sanitation ministers or water ministers, I mean prime ministers, finance ministers, heads of state, and heads of government--need to prioritize this, and that is something that we are trying to work on an a bit. And therefore, increased financial support for sanitation primarily from developing countries themselves.    There are a lot of efforts within USAID and up on Capitol Hill to figure out how to best address this concept of domestic resource mobilization, DRM. How can we help mobilize more public and private resources for development challenges, including sanitation, not from this country, not from the international donor community, but from developing countries themselves?    So more political will, more particularly public sector finance. I think we need to redress this imbalance around the world between hardware and software. We need to focus on changing behavior, on changing minds, then the hardware problems will solve themselves, I think. If everybody wants a toilet, the public or the private sector is going to come up with a way to make sure that every single one of those people has a toilet.    And then lastly, echoing your concerns, I haven't seen anything about this GAO audit yet, but from what you have shared with us very briefly, I think I would agree with their concerns. What I would like to see, not just in the sanitation space but in the entire WASH space, is Modernizing Foreign Assistance Network principles of foreign assistance reform, increased accountability, increased capacity, decentralized ownership, and increased transparency throughout our foreign assistance.    Mr. Oldfield. I do, whether you mean in the developed world or in the developing world. I mean, this hearing is a manifestation of increased political will for sanitation in developing countries from the United States as one member of the international donor community. The Dutch Government is doing a fantastic job with this, the British Government, the German Government. We have a lot of allies in our renewed focus on sanitation.    But, again, more importantly than that, we are seeing a lot of increased efforts to prioritize sanitation in developing countries. And the one example I would give you is Prime Minister Narenda Modi's commitment to Swachh Bharat Abhiyan, the Clean India campaign.    A year ago, he committed to universal coverage of sanitation in India by October 2, 2019, Mahatma Gandhi's 150th birthday. He is committed to ending open defecation and providing a toilet and making sure it is used for its intended purpose to all of India's 1.25 billion citizens within a very, very short period of time, one example of heightened political will.    Mr. Oldfield. Yeah. If I might add 30 seconds to that, I would ask you to consider taking a look at USAID's recent ``Safeguarding the World's Water'' report. I was looking at it in preparing for this hearing, looking for success stories of how water contributes to economic prosperity.    I would highlight that the partnerships office of the Development Innovation Ventures team at USAID has recently provided financial support to a group called Sanergy. It is the sort of front-end catalytic financial support that you are talking about, Mr. Blumenauer. And Sanergy then takes these funds, franchises toilets to entrepreneurs outside of Kenya who collect the waste, turn it into organic natural fertilizer, and make a profit--I think it is per toilet--of up to 2,000 U.S. a year, and several of these entrepreneurs have much more than one toilet. So it is a real business opportunity.    I would highlight USAID's SUWASA, the Sustainable Water and Sanitation in Africa Program, as well, which is not just focused on one technology or one business or financial model, but doing what it can to promote various commercial solutions and financial stability.    It is the sort of, I won't get into too much detail on this right now, but it is the sort of, I think, catalytic front-end financial and technical assistance that the U.S. taxpayer, through its trustees, through their trustees, and through USAID, should be providing. We should be first in, not last out. We should be the catalyst, not the one running around with the used drilling rig drilling wells. That is my take. I think we get a much bigger bang for the taxpayer dollar with programs like that.    Mr. Oldfield. Well, thank you, Mr. Donovan. I think the easy answer to your question is yes. It is all of the above. Name a challenge associated with safe drinking water, sanitation, or hygiene, and people are facing it. Sometimes it is a lack of water.    But I guess I would quote an academic named Hans Rosling who said: The biggest environmental challenge on the planet today is that 1 billion people are drinking their neighbor's lukewarm feces. These people are not dying of thirst, they are dying of shit in the water. They are drinking each other's feces. And that is what is killing 500,000 children minimum each year.    The key, the flip side of your question is that this is solvable. The folks at this table, the folks up on the dais there understand how to solve this problem. I believe that the U.S. Government is doing a lot. I think you heard a figure of $3.5 billion for water and sanitation programs over the last 10, 12 years. That is a lot.    I personally am up here to advocate that we can do not just more, but that we can do better by addressing some of the concerns that Chairman Smith brought up earlier about how to build local capacity, how to decentralize ownership, how to make sure that we are actually working ourselves out of a job, not creating further dependencies in Africa, in Asia, and Latin America. And I would be happy in your first year here to spend some more time with you or your staff on this to bring you up to speed. And I would also direct you to Mr. Blumenauer's office and to Mr. Poe's office, who were the key sponsors of the Water for the World Act last year.    Mr. Oldfield. Well, I think that is right, and I would just add time savings to that. Once you factor in the 3, 4, 6 hours a day that a lot of these women around Africa, Asia, and Latin America spend hauling water contaminated with human feces on their heads, pretty much every WASH project is financially viable. And I know that doesn't satisfy you from an NPV or an IRR perspective, but it needs to be factored in there.    Mr. Oldfield. Well, I do. I think you are on the right track here. And I am constantly looking for more ways to justify, my job is to encourage Americans, both public and private, to do more and better in tackling the world's WASH challenge, water, sanitation, and hygiene. One of our key messages is that every dollar invested in WASH provides a $4 return, according to the World Health Organization, and that $4 in return, it is not a financial return, it is barely an economic return. What it is, it is a social return.    Most of that comes from increased--well, I guess it is economic ROI--increased economic productivity because of extra hours in your day. But a significant percentage of that 4-1 ROI does come from decreased healthcare costs as well.    It is not an emerging field, but there is new research coming out on this all the time because it is, exactly as you said, it is awfully difficult to quantify precisely.