    Mr. Bilirakis. Thank you. Thank you, sir, I appreciate it very much.    And thank you, Chairman Pitts, for holding the hearing.    Earlier this year, I, along with the delegates from all the territories, introduced the Medicaid and CHIP Territory Transparency and Information Act, H.R. 1570. CMS reports Medicaid CHIP data for all 50 states and the District of Columbia, but not the territories. Three months after introduction, CMS has started to report Puerto Rico data but not the other territories, and the level of data is less than what is reported for states.    My bill would require CMS to provide the same data for the territories as it does for the states. Puerto Rico's Medicaid program is facing some huge problems over the horizon. As a committee, we have to make some big policy decisions, and regardless of your policy views, we have to have all the data, all the information to understand the problem and exercise proper oversight over their program if we are to attempt to address these problems going forward.    Thank you very much for the time, and I yield back.    Mr. Bilirakis. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I appreciate it.    Commissioner Riley, our U.S. territories have Medicaid programs. But unlike the states, they have different rules that govern their Medicaid Program, such as eligibility or payment rules. Can you briefly talk about how their program may differ from the mainland if you think CMS should provide this type of information on its central Web site like they do for the states?    Mr. Bilirakis. Thank you. Thank you.    According to Puerto Rico's Resident Commissioner, the Ways and Means Green Book used to have a chapter on social welfare programs from the territories, such as Medicaid. However, that chapter has been removed because a nonpartisan Congressional Research Service, CRS, could not find enough publicly available information to keep it accurate and up to date.    Commissioner Riley, MACPAC is the nonpartisan legislative branch agency that provides Congress with policy and data analysis for Medicaid and CHIP. If Congress needs information to make policy decisions, for example, if the ACA Medicaid funding for Puerto Rico will be entirely spent before 2019, what does MACPAC have to do to find information on the territories to carry out your advisory role?    Mr. Bilirakis. Thank you. Please get back to me on that as well.    Mr. Bilirakis. Mr. Hagg, do the territories have the same Medicaid data reporting requirements as the 50 states and the District of Columbia? If so, can you think of a reason why CMS would not include the same information about the territories as they do for the 50 states and D.C.?    Mr. Bilirakis. OK. Good. Mr. Hagg, again, I know that you don't take positions on pieces of legislation. I understand that. But, in general, does OIG typically favor greater transparency?    Mr. Bilirakis. In general.    Mr. Bilirakis. Very good. Thank you.    I yield the rest of my time to Representative Guthrie.