    Mr. Ellison. I want to thank the Chair and the ranking member and also the panel. Mr. Silvers, one of the requirements of Dodd-Frank was publicizing the ratio of CEO pay to median worker for publicly traded firms.    I just want to point out that back in 1980 when I was a sophomore in high school, the ratio was about 42:1. In 2014, CEOs received about 373 times the average employee.    I guess my question to you is, why is this important knowledge for investors, and how does this knowledge further our discussion of addressing economic stability and even equity?    Mr. Ellison. Mr. Chairman, I also want to ask for unanimous consent to introduce into the record an article from Forbes dated June 16, 2014, which says, ``The Highest Paid CEOs are the Worst Performers.''    Mr. Ellison. Yes, so there you go.    I would also like to point out, just for the record too, that the reality about mortgage loans made during the financial crisis and prior to it, is that about 66 percent of the loans are equity stripping refinances. And these were cash-out refinancing of homeowners with substantial equity. Too often, loans on predatory terms. I just want to point that out as well.    And Mr. Zywicki, I wonder if I could ask you a question, sir. In your testimony you complained, or you pointed out that the CFPB is engaged in a massive data mining program. You said it collects data from hundreds of millions of consumers and credit records, which ``far exceed any reasonable regulatory purpose.''    And then you cite Mr. Newt Gingrich in a footnote to support your claim. Are you aware that Mr. Gingrich is on retainer from the U.S. Consumer Coalition?    Mr. Ellison. Are you aware?    Mr. Ellison. Are you aware that is a 501(c)(4) organization, which according to its founder Brian Wise is dedicated to trying to undermine the CFPB? Did you know that?    Mr. Ellison. So you cited a source and you don't know the terms upon which that citation was made?    Mr. Ellison. You cited Gingrich. You didn't mention that he was paid by the U.S. Consumer Coalition. Did you?    Mr. Ellison. You didn't mention he was compensated for his advocacy?    Mr. Ellison. You didn't mention that?    Mr. Ellison. So a compensated source to advocate a particular line of argument, you don't think it was worth the public's time to know that? No, you don't.    Okay, my time is over.    Mr. Ellison. I have no further questions for this witness.