    Mr. Grayson. Thank you, Chairman Weber, and--for holding this hearing, and thank you to our witnesses for agreeing to participate this morning.    For decades the federal government has provided critical support for energy research and development. From solar, to wind energy, to natural gas recovery, many of the technologies allowing us to transition toward a clean energy economy, and creating entire new industries, would not be possible without Federal support, and the same is true for nuclear energy. This morning we will listen to you all regarding the Federal role in developing the next generation of nuclear energy technologies.    I'm particularly pleased that, as part of this discussion, we will learn more about innovative future fusion energy concepts, concepts that have the potential to accelerate the development and deployment of commercial fusion reactors dramatically. Fusion holds the promise of providing a practically limitless supply of clean energy to the world. In a sense, we're already dependent upon it, because the energy that we get from that fusion reactor called the sun, in the sky, is essential to the existence of life on Earth. It's proving difficult for people to replicate what the stars are able to do through sheer gravity, but based upon several developments in recent years that we'll be hearing about in part today, I am confident that we'll get there, and I hope far sooner than people may realize.    I do have my reservations about fission, another subject that we'll be discussing today. Not about the physical process itself, but the applicability of that to our energy needs. I have described fission, in a sense, a failed technology. There is a problem with spent fuel that doesn't seem to have a solution after many decades of consideration. We've had three nuclear disasters worldwide. But the answer to that may not be the German solution of simply scrapping. The answer to that may be to do further research, and try to find solutions to these problems.    In any event, I'm a strong supporter of fusion energy research, which is entirely different, in terms of its impact and potential problems, than fission. I believe that now is the time to build and operate experiments that are capable of demonstrating that man-made fusion systems can consistently produce far more energy than it takes to fuel them. I'm eager to learn about both the costs and the benefits of a wide range of new nuclear technologies, and I also look forward to hearing how nuclear energy can play an important role in developing a modern clean energy economy. Again, I want to thank you all, our witnesses, for providing your insights today, and I look forward to hearing from the Chairman and working with the Chairman on nuclear energy issues moving forward. Thank you. I yield back the remainder of my time.    Mr. Grayson. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Mr. Gilliland, some of the problems associated with using fission for power generation are meltdowns, radioactive waste, and nuclear proliferation. There are other problems as well. Can you please elaborate on your testimony on why fusion may be able to avoid some of the problems associated with fission?    Mr. Grayson. All right. Now, your company is developing and advancing a unique fusion energy design that falls into a category of fusion energy concepts called magnetized target fusion. What is that?    Mr. Grayson. Now, my understanding is that your design has no permanent home in U.S. energy research, but is funded by a temporary ARPA-E program that you noted yourself in your testimony. Is there a value, in your opinion, to having such research permanently funded as a regular part of energy research by the federal government?    Mr. Grayson. What's a rough timeframe that you could provide, allowing for, no undue optimism, for achieving that energy production?    Mr. Grayson. Thank you.    Mr. Grayson. Thank you. Uranium is fuel for nuclear reactors. If the industry were healthy, one would expect the price of uranium to be going up. In fact, the price of uranium is now 1/4 what it was eight years ago. What does that tell us about the market's assessment of the future of nuclear energy? Dr. Peters?    Mr. Grayson. Dr. Parmentola, is the market basically trying to tell us that nuclear fission, as a market, is doomed, given the fact that uranium now costs 75 percent less than it did even seven years ago?    Mr. Grayson. Um-hum.    Mr. Grayson. Not doing too well lately, are you?    Mr. Grayson. Water also. There's more water in the ocean than there is on land.    Mr. Grayson. All right. I would like to ask Dr. Peters--Dr. Peters, you used some interesting language in your testimony. You said that the country's leadership in global nuclear energy could be further compromised, that our country runs the risk of defaulting on the return of 7 decades of investment in nuclear science. By the way, you can't actually default on a return investment. That's not possible.    Mr. Grayson. Sure.    Mr. Grayson. Chairman needs to listen more closely to my quips. That's not correct. And the--we should be careful not to forfeit the legacy of many brilliant minds, another questionable mixed metaphor. But here's the thing, what--all you're describing here is the idea that we would take a step back from our nuclear fission program, and Germany has taken two or three or four steps back from its nuclear fission program. It's planning to shut it down entirely. What does Germany know that you don't know?    Mr. Grayson. Um-hum.    Mr. Grayson. But--another interesting mixed metaphor. But, Dr. Parmentola, Germany has paid the price for its decision to eliminate its nuclear program. The price is that they are now the leader in solar technology around the world. They have the healthiest solar energy market of any major country in the entire world. Is that a price that we should be willing to pay as well?    Mr. Grayson. All right, thanks. I yield back, and thank you all for your testimony today.