    Mr. Hearn. Thank you. 1,461 days, this is the number of days in a standard four-year armed services enlistment. 1,937 days, this is the average number of days a veteran will wait to have a claim adjudicated from initial filing through the various stages of appeals. It is staggering that a veteran may have to wait longer to have a claim properly adjudicated than they may have served through their service contract.    Good afternoon, Chairman Abraham, Ranking Member Titus, and members of the committee. On behalf of National Commander Helm and the 2.4 million members that comprise the Nation's largest wartime veterans' service organization, the American Legion is eager to share our research and the firsthand experience regarding the appeals process.    As you know from my written testimony, the American Legion has more than 3,000 accredited service officers assisting more than 700,000 veterans nationwide. Just over a year ago the American Legion testified regarding VA's accuracy in adjudication based upon the American Legion's Regional Office Action Review Program and challenged VA's accuracy statistics.    Understanding the importance of accuracy is critical to fixing the appeals process. When VA fails to accurately adjudicate claims from the beginning, veterans are forced into the far lengthier and more complicated appeals process. Completing claims accurately the first time is the very simple answer to eliminating large volumes of claims in the appeals system.    VA identifies a backlog claim as a claim that has not been adjudicated within 125 days. VA does not consider appealed claims as backlogged. They merely refer to them as an inventory. But let's be clear. For the nearly 290,000 veterans awaiting adjudication of their appeals, a figure larger than the population of Cincinnati, they consider their claims backlogged.    Nearly 75 percent of claims presented at the Board of Veterans Appeals are found to either have been inappropriately denied at the regional office or inadequately developed and prematurely denied. VA can correct this by starting at the regional office. Too often claims remanded by BVA are remanded for improper development and for failing to follow their legally mandated duty to assist. Often American Legion national appeals representatives will note VA did not offer consideration regarding if a condition manifested secondary or was aggravated by a previously service-connected condition.    If VA examiners were compelled to consider if conditions manifested in ways other than directly related to service, many remands for examinations would be eliminated. The American Legion's ROAR trips have repeatedly noted this in our written reports. While VA asserts it does not place a higher priority on the amount of claims adjudicated, its current work credit structure does not address accuracy in its metric, which rewards speed over quality.    In the past year, the American Legion established Veteran Crisis Command Centers at various locations throughout the country resulting in the awarding of nearly $1 million in retroactive benefits. These events allowed veterans to gain instant personalized access to Legion and VA personnel. In nearly every location, we came across veterans with claims that had errors in their adjudication.    Fortunately through the joint efforts of the American Legion and VA, we are able to correct these errors. However, for these veterans the years of suffering and the impact it had on their employment and their families cannot be restored simply through the disbursement of a retroactive payment.    Today if a claim is remanded by a BVA judge, the instructions are forwarded to the Appeals Management Center to have requisite development conducted. These remands, or returned claims, come with clear and distinct instructions from the judge, yet the American Legion consistently sees cases remanded multiple times despite having clear instructions provided by that BVA judge. This is what is known as the hamster wheel of remands where a veteran remains in adjudication purgatory while waiting for VA to conduct proper development and finally render a decision.    The most common questions we get from veterans are why does it take so long? Why can't VA get it right the first time? Or are they just waiting for me to die? Often you can hear the pain in their voice. As an advocate, it kills me to constantly hear their frustration and desperation. This is what veterans face, an adjudication process that rewards the quick and not the accurate, an appellate process that repeatedly notes errors in development, and adjudication that may cause years of hardship for our Nation's veterans.    During a testimony last summer, former Ranking Member Michaud stated, ``There should not be a victory lap taken by VA if they eliminate the backlog of claims meanwhile having an abundance of appeals in inventory.'' The American Legion wholeheartedly agrees. The greatest impact on the appeals process would be eliminating the need to appeal in the first place. VA needs to eliminate the current work credit structure that places a greater emphasis on quantity of claimed adjudicated rather than the quality of those adjudications.    An increased emphasis on training and the manner that the training is delivered to its adjudicators needs to happen now. As VA works to eliminate the backlog, we need to ensure that they are not moved from a backlog claim to a backlogged appeal. Most importantly, we need to ensure that our veterans finally begin receiving the benefits and services they have earned through their dedicated service.    Again, on behalf of our National Commander Michael Helm and the 2.4 million members of the American Legion, we thank the committee for inviting us to speak today, and I will be happy to answer any questions the committee may have.    Mr. Hearn. I think that there is an interesting point. Repeatedly, VA will say that a certain percentage of claims are appealed, and they will use that as kind of their focus point. And it is true, but you have to remember, those are just a certain percentage of claims that a veteran elects to appeal. That doesn't necessarily reflect the level of quality of adjudication. If you look at the Appeals Management Center, where all of these claims are subject to Board review following their adjudication, you see that it doesn't stand up to the fire, that more and more of these claims are remanded.    Now, if these raters are trained by the same people that are being trained by--of the raters out in the field, then it only stands to reason that you have got a bigger issue here than you would like. So the first thing is, that you need to make sure that the proper level of development is occurring at the regional office because this will stave off the need for the appeals. And until you can accomplish that, I think we are just going to be chasing our tails, is really what happens.    The other thing is to get rid of this work credit system. Because, going back to high school economics, I remember the teacher said, ``people respond to incentives predictably.'' Well, if you have created a work credit system where you are focusing on quantity versus quality then it is only natural that you are going to focus on pumping out as many adjudications as possible and not necessarily doing it in the most accurate manner.    Mr. Hearn. Mr. Manar, he hit the nail on the head. The problem with the VA letters is it doesn't explain exactly what is going on. Veterans do not realize the three criteria to meet service connection. They don't realize you need an incident in service, current diagnosis, and a nexus statement linking the current condition to the incident. And so if you deny it, and nobody is talking about why exactly it is being denied or the letter doesn't clearly describe that.    And then to enter this fully-developed appeals process, you are kind of going down a dangerous path, that until VA provides a proper letter of notification, we are not doing any veterans any favors because they don't understand exactly what they are appealing. It would be the equivalent if you were in second grade and you were taking a test on fractions, never taught about fractions and then you fail the test and the next day you take fractions again, nobody taught you about fractions and you fail it again. Well, there is no wonder why you fail them, because you were never being taught.    So you need to understand exactly what is going on here, and until that issue is addressed then I am afraid we are just going to keep going back and going through this cycle all over again.