    Mr. Tonko. Thank you, Mr. Chair. And thank you, Assistant Administrator McCabe, for joining us today. Thank you for your patience and your responses, which are very much governed by civility, so I appreciate that.    The Clean Power Plan has the goal of reducing carbon emissions by 32 percent below 2005 levels by 2030. States will have 15 years to achieve those goals under this plan. This is definitely achievable, in my opinion. New York's experience demonstrates that it, indeed, is possible. Since 2005, New York and the other States participating in the Regional Greenhouse Gas Initiative, or REGGI, have seen a decrease in carbon emissions of more than 45 percent. And we have not sacrificed economic growth or reliability to achieve those given reductions. And according to several reports done by an independent group, New York's auction proceeds generated over $1 billion in savings for New Yorkers, so this can be done. So, I look at a charge of 32 percent over 15 years, and look at a record achieved of 45 percent over 10 years in contrast.    Ms. McCabe, one of the current statements the opposition to the Clean Power Plan is making is that the rule mandates an emissions trading scheme. As I read it, there is no mandate to use emissions trading as the way to meet the standard. Is that correct?    Mr. Tonko. And as I understand it, it was utilities and system operators who advocated for including this compliance option in the final rule, not just State governments that were already participating in these systems. Is that correct?    Mr. Tonko. What reasons did the utilities and system operators offer in support of including this option?    Mr. Tonko. Was it just about that cost, or was reliability also a consideration?    Mr. Tonko. Thank you. I also want to express my appreciation for the agency's efforts at outreach, outreach to State governments, and to the wide range of stakeholders in this effort.    One of the things that the original proposal did not include was a reliability safety valve. This was something mentioned by a number of witnesses at our hearings on the original proposal. The final rule does include a safety valve, and I heard you exchanging with Representative Green a few moments ago. Can you further develop or describe for us how that would work?    Mr. Tonko. Thank you. I believe the final rule addresses a number of the concerns raised and provides an achievable, affordable path for reducing emissions. And, you know, it's been stated time and time again that there are many concerns about climate change in this Nation, and for our world. And I believe that the leadership that we can all provide will inspire responses around the world to make certain that we, in fact, will have a global response to what is a critical situation that faces not only this generation, but the many to follow. So, thank you very much, again, for our appearance here.