    Mr. Halvorsen. Good afternoon, Mr. Chairman, Ranking Member, and distinguished members of the subcommittee. Thank you for this opportunity to testify before the subcommittee today on the Department's information technology budget request.    As the Department's CIO, I am the principal adviser to the Secretary of Defense for information management, IT, cybersecurity, communications, positioning, navigation, and timing, spectrum management, senior leadership, nuclear command control, and communications matters. Those latter responsibilities are clearly unique to the DOD.    My imperative at the CIO in managing this broad and diverse set of functions is to ensure that the Department has the information and communications technology capabilities needed to support the broad set of Department missions. This includes supporting our deployed forces and cyber mission forces, as well as business and warfighting support functions.    As Secretary Carter has stated, DOD must address strategic challenges across all domains, not just air, land, and sea, but increasingly in cyberspace. The Department's budget includes funding to address these challenges, including IT and cyber investments that are critical to the Department's warfighting, intelligence, and business missions.    As the CIO, I am driving cultural, business, technical improvements, and innovation into DOD's IT and cyber to better support defense missions and operations. My written testimony provides more detailed information on the Department's IT and cyberspace budget and priorities.    I want to emphasize that these efforts require teamwork and partnership within DOD, which includes DISA , USD AT&L and Policy, U.S. CYBERCOM, DCMO, and other partners.    External partnerships to DOD will also be critical, to include Congress, industry, and our allies. I strongly believe an expanded partnership with industry will be essential to expanding and maintaining technology advantages, while improving our fiscal accountability.    I thank you for your interest and support, and I look forward to your questions.    Mr. Halvorsen. I certainly echo Peter's first comment about not enough money. I think in the IT area, we are taking some risk in modernization. Some of it will slow. We are trying to balance that and make sure that we don't take that risk in the security side.    The other I think challenge that we are going to have in IT may not be exactly in the budget, and it is going to be the retention of the IT workforce. And frankly, that is going to come down to an economic decision. I happened to be in the valley last week, and, you know, Google announced they are raising the pay for cybersecurity by another 20 percent. That is going to keep impacting our ability to attract talent.    If you ask me about the budget, what keeps me up more at night, that is probably the answer, sir.    Mr. Halvorsen. Yes, thank you. I think a couple things that we want to think about when we answer this question, much of the innovation today being driven in the cyber and IT business is coming from the commercial sector. We want to be closer tied to the commercial sector, so thanks to some legislation last year, I am able to now put people from DOD inside of business--and we are doing that today--and also have business people on my staff, which we are also doing today.    I think that partnership that we continue to strengthen is a key to us getting the right innovation and getting it on time.    Within the DOD, I want to focus our S&T dollars around the areas the industry isn't going to focus on, and that is going to be on the weapons systems and top-level security systems, where there is not yet much play in the commercial sector, and I think our budget reflects that that is where our emphasis is and also reflects where we are taking risk is around innovation dollars that we would have that were inside the budget for commercial areas that we have taken some risk and are not spending that much.    Mr. Halvorsen. Yes, we certainly reduced DISA's S&T funding. They still have some R&D money. But in the area we reduced it is aligned exactly--I think what we have said before--today, where we are going to get our information, and particularly true for most of DISA's activities, which are supporting our business functions, is from industry and commercial.    So in a constrained budget, in my opinion, that was where we chose to take some risk, because I think I can get that same innovation affect by strengthening our relationships with commercial industry.    Mr. Halvorsen. I don't know that the Department has made a formal proposal yet. I know that it is being discussed. Candidly, I would have some concerns about moving it away from the DOD CIO, but more importantly what we are doing is working with the intel side of the Department to form a governance structure that will allow both CIO and intel equities in the IA money to be addressed.    Mr. Halvorsen. First, I would thank you for the NDAA last year. That is helping some of the work we are able to do, the excepted workforce in cyber, being able to bring the people in from industry like we are doing now. I do think we will need some legislation that probably changes slightly the rule sets about what we are allowed to do with the industry people.    I think exactly what you stated. We really want to be able to bring them in and have them sit in a position for a year, being able to execute some decisions within the Department, and then go back to industry, just like I think there is a market space today for us to have some of our civilian employees go to industry, and industry would like to have them--and I think we will need to tweak some of the legislation so that could happen more often.    I think we share the vision. In the end, we want more of an in and out, back and forth. And you could really see the career path in cyber IT changing so that it is not an all-civilian or all-government career path, but a much more combined career path. And I think that would serve the Nation well.    Mr. Halvorsen. So, sir, what I would like to do, because I do think that question deserves a lot of matter, is I will make some comments on it, but I will also like to take that for the record and get back to you with some of the specific answers.    Mr. Halvorsen. For 2017, it is $95 million. There was a top-line increase to DOD for doing some of this. We will get you the exact numbers across the FYDP . And then I would be foolish if I said there is not some concern on DOD's part about how this is going to work, and what I would assure you is from a standpoint of the build, we are going to get the requirements from the group that is looking at how we are going to redo the whole investigation process.    When I have those requirements--and that group starts next week, and we have members on it--we will build a system that supports those requirements that also ensures security. If at any time I think that that is not happening, I will be the first to let you know.    I am comfortable right now that we have worked out a governance process with OPM and OMB that makes DOD the decision maker for all of the technical decisions and the security decisions, but I am still concerned and we will have to see how that goes forward. And I will get you more detail on the rest of the question.    Mr. Halvorsen. Extremely active. A couple of the things that we have done that I can talk about in this forum with the Five Eye community,<dagger> we actually established last year a CIO Five Eye group that meets physically every 6 months, virtually every quarter. Our next meeting is in London, where cybersecurity is certainly one of the big topics. We have had visits to Israel, exchanging data. That continues.---------------------------------------------------------------------------    <dagger> ``Five Eyes'' is an intelligence alliance involving Australia, Canada, New Zealand, the United Kingdom, and the United States.---------------------------------------------------------------------------    I just came back from Korea and Japan, where that was a major topic. I can tell you that the NATO partners, Korea, Japan, Germany, have all adopted the DOD cybersecurity scorecard as the basis for measuring how effective we are doing cybersecurity basics across the board, which I think is a big breakthrough.    So we can probably give you some more detail, and we will take that for the record, but they are the major things that we are doing to improve our information-sharing.    Mr. Halvorsen. You know, I do see room for improvement, but I don't think right now that is a money issue for improvement. I think it is more of getting all of us aligned to the right principles and basics.    Today we have made good progress within NATO--and as I said, Japan and Korea and Germany--there is some other work we need to do with other partners.    I will be in Estonia in June working some of those issues. And what I would like to do is when I come back from that, I will have a better site picture, is maybe give you some more answers on what I think we might need to do to go beyond some of our traditional allies.    Mr. Halvorsen. I think to upgrade some of our legacy systems. And I can get back to you with a number on that. And to tie back with Peter, I think some investment in the legacy systems--and particularly some of the larger both HR personnel and pay systems--those investments would do two things for us.    One, we would certainly improve security. There are some issues we need to fix there. Secondly, I think we could improve efficiency, and after we made those investments, I actually think the return on investment would be pretty good. But I will come back to you with a number, sir.    Mr. Halvorsen. Again, I will make some comments on it, but we will take that for the record, because I think it is a good question and we owe you some better details on that.    Mr. Halvorsen. We certainly have improved training across the board in the cyber spectrum. The cybersecurity culture issue is one that is on top of the Secretary's desk. We meet every month on the cybersecurity scorecard, and a part of that gets to what is the training of the individuals. The networks themselves are much better today. They are not exactly where we want them. We have got three major efforts to improve that.    The first one is, you are probably aware that the Secretary has directed that this year we move as much of DOD as possible--the ones that are on Windows operating systems--to a Windows 10 baseline. I cannot stress the criticality of us getting that done.    Right now, when you try to look at the visibility of the networks, while we are making improvements, you are doing that across multiple operational systems, multiple baselines. It is impossible to do, do well.    Getting to a single baseline for Windows--and that is about 80 percent to 85 percent of the DOD--will give us the ability to have better visibility. Windows 10 is the first operating system that really thought about security right from the beginning and has in-built features that we will take advantage of.    It will also allow us to go to the next step, which is how do you then start taking and really using cloud computing technology to improve your security? So we are positioned to do that. We have got things we have to get done, and the first one is to get the Windows 10 done.    The other big initiative is to complete the joint regional security stacks. In its simplest forms, what that does is lower our footprint. Today, we have got 1,000 points that you can come in. When the joint regional security stacks are done, we will have less than 100 points. That is a lot easier to defend, and we can focus more on it.    It also stops us from doing our own self-denial attacks, which are also--happen when you are trying to keep aligned over 1,000 different firewalls. We will reduce the firewalls, have better overall security and visibility into the networks. That is what we are doing at the big end.    Mr. Halvorsen. Again, we will give you some more details in writing, but here is what I can tell you. The scorecard is looking at what we have defined right now as basic areas that we should be measuring. One of them is, is everybody using a secure token to access DOD systems.    The advantage of that is, is immediate. If you are using the token, A, we know exactly who logged in, when they logged in, where they are at, and it is a lot harder to fake that access. So it is an immediate improvement.    Mr. Halvorsen. Actually, I am happy to give it to you. We have actually shared it with other committees, and I am happy to send one over when I get back, the current scorecard.    Mr. Halvorsen. The results is right on it. It will show you where we are at. We are not where we want to be in all of the areas. We are measuring ourselves to extremely high standards. One of the things that I just want to say upfront, when you look at cyber, you could hit 80 percent and a lot of people would think that would be good. In cyber, that is not good enough.    So when you see that we are in yellow and, in some cases, red, it is because we are trying to get above in almost every category 95 percent to be green.    Mr. Halvorsen. I don't know the exact cost yet. We will get that to you. But what I could tell you, the cost not to do that would be in the billions.    Mr. Halvorsen. In 5 years, I am hopeful that we will be in an almost complete virtual cloud environment, and cloud defined this way. We will have private clouds, which are completely private within segments of DOD. We will have private clouds that are just DOD, you know, inside it. And we will have private clouds that are DOD and other parts of the Federal Government. And then we will have hybrid public clouds.    Because of the size of DOD and the Federal Government, we ought to be able to move into where we would have government hybrid clouds hosted in commercial centers as opposed to some of the things I talked about earlier, would be on premise, that would give us the best combination of mission security and value.    Mr. Halvorsen. A little broader than that. The mission partner environment would certainly use cloud technology, but in that part of the testimony what I am really talking about is how we would be able to support our COCOM commanders as they partner with both traditional and non-traditional allies to support whatever mission it is, to be able to stand up virtual networks on the fly, to be able to do that both at a secure level, at a speed level that we need, and then to keep it fiscally responsible.    Mr. Halvorsen. So as we can move to cloud technology, one of the things that we have got to recognize, we have got to get--our MPE is going to have to be commercial-based. We are not going to be able to do this at, say, a U.S.-only based system. A, other pieces of our allies couldn't afford that, and it is not what they are going to agree to do.    So basing this on a commercial set of technology that also uses commercial classified technology, would allow us to, in the cloud, put together a virtual network that--let's say we had a--this is a really good example, and I think it is in the testimony--and we have done this--let's say we had a natural disaster that had allies now--like the Chinese, the Cubans, us, they are not traditional allies. We could actually stand up a network, once we get some of the technologies in place, that would allow data to be shared.    And let's say we want to share data with China, we want to share data with Cuba, but not exactly the same data. We could do that on a network with the right protections to protect the data that we need using almost commercially available technology today. There is a few pieces that have to be done, but I am--no doubt they will be done by the end of this year.    Mr. Halvorsen. Again, I would like to come back on record--here is what I would tell you I think the first area. Today there are some statutes that actually prohibit us from giving decision authority to those type of positions. While we certainly want to protect them and make sure that the government is in the end responsible for the decision, if I have got somebody industry--so let's take cloud.    The best cloud engineers today are not in the government. They are not. We have some really good ones, but the best ones today are in industry. We ought to be able to get some of those in. I ought to be able to assign one of them, say, okay, you are the lead cloud engineer for this year that you are doing this work with us, and give them the authority to make decisions, and with some oversight, expend dollars.    Today, under the current authorities, that is hard to do. I need to do some work to figure out what that should look like, and I will come back to you by the summer, if that is good, with some recommendations.    Mr. Halvorsen. So I think today we are in a good spot, hard work with spectrum. We did well with the last auction. And the money is there to change where DOD can move and share spectrum. What I worry about right now is that the private demand for spectrum is going to exceed our ability to keep pace. And we could, if we are not careful, put some national systems at risk.    Some of this takes time. And in this business, I get that time is really valuable and it is money, but there is a physical limitation to how fast we can move the DOD systems either into the ability to share spectrum or out of some spectrum. And I worry--maybe because we are victims of our own success--we have done very well, and the legislation that has been written and the sharing has all worked to date.    But what I hear from industry right now is, well, we want to go faster. And I don't know that we can go much faster today on how we look at spectrum, make the decisions where we can get out, and how we would share.    I would also tell you that while I think industry is starting to look at making their own investments in helping us share, they are just starting that.    And I think one of the things we need to look at is, I am happy to be measured on how DOD is making investments to share--and we ought to think about some measurements that we would give industry to say, how are you doing in making the investments to--your contributions to helping us get to that state?    Mr. Halvorsen. Today, and even before the legislation, we partner extensively with the Federal CIO, Tony Scott. I mean, Tony when he came in brought some new ideas to the Federal side. We are certainly supportive of that, and we will continue to do so.    As the areas that the Federal Government is looking at are applicable to DOD, we will play, and we will play hard, and we will support those. We will continue to advise Tony and the new individual that is appointed on where we think there are things that DOD is doing that should be applied to the rest of the Federal Government, and we will take those things that are really working and apply them within DOD.    I think the establishment of an individual to do that is key to success inside the rest of the Federal Government. And I think there are some opportunities for us to really set that tone.    One of them is, as we rebuild the NBIB and we look at the lessons learned, I know Tony and I have agreed today that we ought to take those lessons learned and apply them across the Federal Government at any place that we see that that is applicable, we will do that.    Mr. Halvorsen. As for the progress, two things I think I would like to point. We say a lot of times that DOD is behind in cloud. So I wanted to really know if that was true. So I have asked my staff and some outside to take a look at, how does DOD compare in the use of cloud with other Fortune 50 or peer competitors?    We are actually slightly ahead of most of the Fortune 50 in the use of cloud. We are now embarking on doing more, but I don't think DOD is behind. If you look particularly at the financial industry, which has some very strong security similarities to us, they have done exactly what we have done. They take some of their public-facing stuff and they put it into cloud. We have done that with good success.    The next two things that we are doing--and we have now gotten certifications, enough of them, to start being competitive--is to look at how we bring industry into on-premise cloud offerings. We do that right now very limitedly through the NGEN contract that the Navy put in place, where actually HP is running Navy data centers, to include Navy data centers at the secure level, on-prem , for the Navy.    We are using that model, and we are going to expand that across the rest of DOD.    I will have a couple RFIs out here in the next month. We have a couple contracts that we are going to let that will allow four commercial entities to come in at the Level 4 level in certification, which is right below the classified data. And we have some work being done to allow more companies to partake in the classified space, too. So I actually think we are making good progress. We have got to stay on top of that.    I hope this summer, if the Windows 10 thing goes well, the next announcement that we will make will be that DOD has decided to go to a more complete cloud environment, similar to--and I just used this as an example--this is not a decision--but similar to what a Windows 365 cloud environment would do. You have to get to that next phase to really take full advantage of the cloud across the board.    Mr. Halvorsen. So, Mr. Chairman, can I take one more minute? We agree. And one of the reasons that we are where we are with cloud, it is the same reason the financial industry is where it is with cloud.    We do have some things we have to make sure, and security is right. And one of them is, how do you achieve virtual separation so that you don't get the effect of everything being loaded in one spot and it can be exfiltrated? And if it does get penetrated, how do you quickly shut that off and isolate it? And we are spending a lot of time working with the industry experts in how to do that.    Mr. Halvorsen. No, I think Peter summed that up very well.