    Mr. Meadows. The Subcommittee on Government Operations will come to order. And without objection, the chair is authorized to declare a recess at any time.    After a downward trend for the last few years, the results of the Federal employees' survey sent to some 840,000 Federal employees reveals a 1 percent increase in both employee engagement and global satisfaction scores. And of that number, nearly 421,000 people replied, and this data was sorted by OPM to provide a number of useful metrics, some that are quite encouraging. For example, 96 percent of Federal employees surveyed are willing to put in the extra effort necessary to get the job done. Ninety percent are consistently looking for ways to do better and feel that the work that they do is important.    And I must stress that, as I have talked to Federal employees, that this does not come as a surprise to me, and it is something that we need to do a better job in Congress of sharing with the American taxpayer that we have committed Federal employees.    Yet some employee perceptions--and I am sad to say perceptions by some in Congress--of agency leadership continue to struggle. Only 50 percent of employees had positive things to say about the honesty and integrity of their leadership. This should remain as a concern for agency leaders with managing our nation's more than 2 million public servants.    And in the area of promotions and dealing with poor performers, survey results are even more alarming. Only 33 percent of the workers agreed with the statement that promotions in their work unit are based on merit. Twenty-eight percent of the employees said that the necessary steps are taken to deal with poor performers. And only 21 percent of employees across the government said that pay raises depend on how well the employees perform their jobs.    So over the past year, I have had the pleasure and honor of visiting numerous Federal agencies, the most recent just a couple of days ago, across the Washington, D.C., area. I have had the opportunity to discuss a variety of topics with Federal employees, including employee engagement and satisfaction. I have met with Federal employees from NASA, the GAO, the Archives, MSPB, CBP, Air and Marine Operations, and I have always enjoyed it and appreciated the opportunity to visit with our Federal workforce.    This week, as I was just mentioning, I was able to visit the Air and Marine Operations Manassas air branch, where I had the opportunity to meet and speak with AMO pilots and those that serve in that capacity, as well as serve the operation. I was highly impressed not only by their commitment to serving and protecting the American people, but I also wanted to thank them for sharing more with me about their mission because it was one of those things a lot of people don't know about, even Members of Congress. And so today, we are joined by a number of agencies near the top and bottom of the Best Places to Work rankings, as well as the most-improved agencies from 2015.    NASA has ranked number one for large agencies in the Best Places to Work ranking for the past 4 years with an index score of 76.1 out of 100. Congratulations. Last year, I had the opportunity to not only meet with employees at NASA, enjoying that visit with staff and learning more about the mission and vision. I would like to hear more about NASA's employee engagement efforts undertaken at the agency that allows them to remain at the top of the rankings.    The Department of Homeland Security, who also joined us last year, continues to remain last in the rankings with an index score of 43.1 out of 100. DHS has ranked 19 of 19 in large agencies on factors such as effective leadership, fairness, empowerment, and skills to match the mission.    As many of you know, we have had Secret Service hearings. I have had a number of Secret Service employees who have reached out to me personally about just concerns that they have had, and the Secret Service employees rank their workplace as 319th out of 320 in the agency's subcomponent.    Additionally, Immigration and Customs Enforcement ranked 318 out of 320. Both of those areas have been areas that we have addressed in this particular committee, and I am hopeful that we will be able to discuss those today, Ms. Bailey, as we look at DHS to have a plan to take ownership to ensure that its employees are engaged and how DHS plans to improve the employee satisfaction and commitment at the agency.    The Department of Labor is the most-improved large agency for 2015 with an index score of 63.1 out of 100. DOL has improved from 17th in the 2013 Best Places to Work to a ranking of 8th in 2015. So congratulations.    HUD is the most-improved midsize agency for 2015 with an index score of 52.3 out of 100, and HUD is ranked 21st out of 24 for midsize agencies, and had an 8 point increase in their index score.    For both DOL and HUD, I hope to hear about some of the initiatives that your agencies have undertaken that has led to the significant increase in the employee satisfaction and commitment. Obviously, the Partnership for Public Service also joins us today, perhaps can share some of your observations on employee engagement and offer some suggestions for agencies to improve the employee engagement efforts.    Before I close, I wanted to also mention at the last hearing there were two different things that came out of that. We had different people testifying. The Archive, as I talked to him the other day, he mentioned a 4 point increase in their score that they are paying attention to. We are paying attention to this in a bipartisan way.    The other thing that came out with Secretary Johnson, we had the title of this was ``The Worst Places to Work in the Federal Government,'' and he admonished me both privately and publicly that we ought to change the title of that. So indeed, we have listened to that and have changed the title, but I also want to stress today that the fact that you are here as witnesses and joining us here today is an important part of making sure that we address the concerns that have been raised by the rank-and-file. And I want to thank you for that.    Mr. Meadows. And with that, I would like to recognize the ranking member of the Subcommittee on Government Operations, my good friend, Mr. Connelly, for his opening statement.    Mr. Meadows. I thank the gentleman for his kind remarks, and I will keep the record open for 5 legislative days for any member who would like to submit a written statement.    We will now recognize our panel of witnesses. I am pleased to welcome Ms. Lauren Leo, chief human capital officer at the National Aeronautics and Space Administration; Ms. Angela Bailey, chief human capital officer at the U.S. Department of Homeland Security; Ms. Sydney Rose, chief Human Capital Officer at the U.S. Department of Labor; and Ms. Towanda Brooks, chief human capital officer at the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development; and Mr. Max Stier, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Partnership for Public Service, of whom a lot of this actually started in an in-office visit with me many months ago. Welcome to you all.    And pursuant to committee rules, all witnesses will be sworn in before they testify, so if you would please rise and raise your right hand.    Mr. Meadows. All right. Let the record reflect that the witnesses answered in the affirmative. Thank you. You may please be seated.    In order to allow time for discussion, I would ask that you would limit your oral testimony to 5 minutes, that your entire written statement will be made part of the record.    And so without objection, we will go ahead and start. Ms. Leo, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Meadows. Thank you, Ms. Leo.    Ms. Bailey, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Meadows. Thank you, Ms. Bailey.    Ms. Rose, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Meadows. Thank you, Ms. Rose.    Ms. Brooks, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Meadows. Thank you, Ms. Brooks.    Mr. Stier, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Meadows. Well, I thank each of you for your testimony.    Max, obviously, some of those recommendations are spot on, but I would like to share that in other hearings other than those with a title like we have today, employee engagement continues to be a big issue.    After my visit to NASA, I can tell you that we had a few others that were here, and I suggested that they get with NASA in terms of that employee engagement component to see what they are doing. Now, I wrote myself a note so I am going to see the next time they come back if they actually got with you.    But with that, I am going to go ahead and recognize the gentleman from South Carolina, Mr. Mulvaney, for 5 minutes for his opening questions.    Mr. Meadows. I thank the gentleman.    The chair recognizes the ranking member of the subcommittee, Mr. Connelly, for questions.    Mr. Stier.--has filibustered here and not offered me an opportunity to respond here.    Mr. Meadows. That would never happen.    Mr. Connolly We don't filibuster here in the House of Representatives, Mr. Stier.    Mr. Meadows. Yes, go ahead and respond quickly.    Mr. Meadows. I think we have got votes pretty soon ----    Mr. Meadows. All right. Thank you. The chair recognizes himself for a series of questions.    So I will give you a soft ball. So, Mr. Stier, is it always the large agencies that perform the poorest, or have we had examples of very small agencies that have had very poor rankings in the past, so like Chemical Safety Board?    Mr. Meadows. Is that why we rank them out as most improved for large agencies ----    Mr. Meadows. Right. If you get it down small enough, you become the best and worst of the subsets.    Mr. Meadows. So ----    Mr. Meadows. All right. So, Ms. Leo, when you are on the top, everybody guns for that top position. So how have you managed to stay on the top for 4 years running? Because some of the most critical surveys in the automobile industry actually go towards Lexus and Mercedes-Benz and some of the ones that you would think of very high quality because the expectation rises along with that. So the expectations are that you are going to be number one from here on out. How do you manage that expectation and continue to deliver satisfaction to your employees?    Mr. Meadows. All right.    Ms. Leo.--it really is about the health of the Federal Government.    Mr. Meadows. Valid point. All right. So, Ms. Rose, your energy was obvious in your testimony earlier, so, you know, I wish you would get a little energetic.    Mr. Meadows. But how do you make that energy--obviously you have--contagious in the Department of Labor? I mean, we have talked about engagement and other things, but how have you been able to do that, you know, other than town hall meetings and things? Why do they feel like they are important, your rank-and-file?    Mr. Meadows. All right. Now, that was the answer that I wanted to hear, and so thank you for that response.    Mr. Meadows. Because here is the interesting thing is we can do a number of surveys, and I used to be in that business. You would send the surveys out. If you got the information, you checked the box, you did the surveys, and if nothing happened with those results, two things happened. One is employee morale went down. Two, I guess the participation rates in subsequent years went down.    And so if you are doing that, I saw the recommendation is that the feedback gets quicker and then everybody started nodding and getting quicker. And I see some people in the audience nodding as well when I say that now. How do we do that effectively without making it a management--well, without making it laborious on management where then we are essentially surveying to survey to make sure that we are checking the box? And, Max, how do we make it quicker?    Mr. Meadows. Well, and as you know, we are going to continue to highlight this not for the benefit of this committee but for the benefit of the workforce, the 2 million Federal workers that I continue to hear each and every day of both wonderful applause and frustration sometimes going hand-in-hand, and that is why we are going to do it.    So let me close before I recognize the gentleman from Wisconsin, Mr. Grothman.    Ms. Bailey, let me come to you, and one is a positive and one is a negative. So let me give you the positive first.    I was able to hear from the Coast Guard here recently, and one of the wonderful parts of your group is the Coast Guard and their ranking being much higher than some of the others within your purview of 22 different agencies. So as we see the Coast Guard, one of the things that impressed me was the number of volunteer hours that the Coast Guard has put in place right here in the District. I mean, the numbers were mind-boggling, and in fact, the gentleman I saw had a sunburn because he had been out volunteering on a weekend to actually clean up a park here in D.C.    And so I want to just publicly say thank you for--if you will pass along my thank you and recognition to the thousands of hours, not just with the Coast Guard but that was a particular example because it seemed above and beyond in terms of the average, but the thousands of volunteer hours that have been put forth from the Department of Homeland Security, so applause there.    Mr. Meadows. My concern--and so we will come to the other second part of this--is that in March of this year the commissioner for CBP actually told agents, and I will quote when it was with regards to President Obama's Executive order, he says, well, if you don't like it, it is time to ``look for another job.'' Can you imagine in any place where that would be encouraging to employee morale?    Mr. Meadows. So engagement means engagement at another agency?    Mr. Meadows. Because looking for another job that would--and here is my concern, and so here I want to make the message clear. Secret Service, CBP, you know, when we look at some of those, the bottom four in terms of the component, we have to see improvement there. We get more whistleblowers and concerns from people out of those particular components under your supervision than any others in the entire Federal workforce. And because of that, it lets me know that there is a big problem.    And so do I have your commitment that within the next 120 days that you will have a plan on how we are going to address those four lowest in terms of improvement? Do I have your commitment to do that?    Mr. Meadows. All right. Thank you, Ms. Bailey.    And I will recognize the gentleman from Wisconsin, Mr. Grothman for 5 minutes.    Mr. Meadows. Sure. If the gentleman yields back, the chair will recognize Mr. Jordan for a few questions, and then we will ----    Mr. Meadows. I thank the gentleman. Ms. Brooks, let me ask you one question because obviously you have got a long ways to go but you have made unbelievable improvements. So what one piece of advice maybe to Ms. Bailey or others who are watching saying what one piece of advice if we were to give them one thing to improve that you have seen make the biggest difference at HUD? What would that be?    Mr. Meadows. So getting leadership to actually look at the data and then actually having interaction with the team?    Mr. Meadows. Because I have experienced that in a personal way with Ms. Leo and the team there at NASA. I mean, we were teleconferenced all over. And we didn't have some of the leadership in there even though it was a leadership part because they wanted to free it up to allow for very candid discussions with a Member of Congress.    But what you are saying is having leadership involved and then having it open and transparent where there is no retaliation with regards to what the comments that are made?    Mr. Meadows. Well ----    Mr. Meadows. Well, thank you, Ms. Brooks. I want to just say thank you so much. Does the ranking member have a comment?    Mr. Meadows. I think a smile says all it needs to say. I thank the ranking member.    Mr. Meadows. I am thanking the ranking member.    Mr. Meadows. And I do want to stress that ----