    Mr. Wilson. Thank you, Chairman Forbes.    And thank you General Stewart, General Marrs, for being here today.    And General Stewart, I appreciate you citing concerns about maintaining our technological edge and evolution of unconventional warfare. This is a focus of the Emerging Threats and Capabilities Subcommittee. I have the privilege of working with Congressman Langevin on these issues, and we look forward to working with you in the future to address that.    And also, General, Jim Clapper, the Director of National Intelligence, recently discussed potential threats being posed by advancements in biotechnology, including an ability to edit human genes, so-called gene editing. I am concerned about the types of technologies falling into the hands of terrorist groups or even lone actors.    Can you describe for the committee the national security threats being posed by these and similar biotechnologies.    General Stewart. I am always hesitant to talk about sequencing a genome. Could we take this to the closed hearing, if that is okay?    Mr. Wilson. Be happy to.    General Stewart. Because I don't want in this setting to talk about either our capabilities or an adversary's effort in this space.    Mr. Wilson. I'd be happy to.    And again, thank you for your extraordinary service. I did represent Parris Island, so I have a deep affection. My late father-in-law was one of you, a marine.    And General Marrs, with your recent experience as U.S. Cyber Command director of intelligence prior to your post as Joint Staff, could you please explain what deliverables can be expected from the Defense Innovation Unit Experimental project.    And Secretary Carter has established a program between the military's innovators, cyber warfare operators, and private sector innovators, such as Silicon Valley. What technologies or tactics should be developed to keep intel-driven operations in the lead against any enemy with regard to cyber warfare?    General Marrs. So, sir, I think the specific focus of that program is still evolving, but it really, for me, comes down to how do we better harvest the volume of information that exists out there, and figure out innovative ways to basically make sense of that cloud and apply it to keeping our networks safe.    Mr. Wilson. Well, we really appreciate your leadership.    And also, General Marrs, the Office of the Director of National Intelligence has reported that roughly 30 percent of the former Guantanamo detainees are confirmed or suspected and reengaging in terrorism killing American families. What trends has the DIA observed in detainee recidivism and the capacity and willingness in past practices of foreign countries receiving detainees to take appropriate steps to mitigate the risks that they would reengage in terrorism to threaten and kill American families?    General Stewart. If I could jump on that one, please. The recidivism rate remains about 17 percent confirmed recidivism. Most of the nation-states where we transferred detainees have done a really credible job in either controlling, monitoring, or keeping them from getting back into terrorist activities. We have not seen an upward trend in recidivism. Like I said last year when I briefed this committee, we were somewhere in the 18, 19 percent range, and we remain about that same rate today.    Mr. Wilson. And something that concerned me, a number of the detainees were sent to Yemen, but it has disintegrated. What has happened to the detainees in that country?    General Stewart. If I could take that one for the record, please. I don't have specifics on Yemeni detainees, but if I could take that one for the record, I will get back to you.    Mr. Wilson. And additionally, what is the assessment of the relationship between Russia and Cuba?    General Stewart. Russia continues to have a strong partnership with the Cubans. They continue to do out-of-area exercises with Cuba. The relationship is not as close as it was during the height of the Cold War. I think that is basic calculus of what is important, but I think they do well together.    Mr. Wilson. Would that include port and landing rights within that country?    General Stewart. Yes, Congressman.    Mr. Wilson. And thank you very much. And appreciate both of you.