    Dr. Sosin. Chairman Murphy, Ranking Member DeGette, distinguished members of the subcommittee, thank you for the opportunity to testify before you today regarding the contributions of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention to the Federal Select Agent Program. I'm Dr. Daniel Sosin, deputy director and chief medical officer of the Office of Public Health Preparedness and Response at the CDC.    Much has changed since I testified before the subcommittee last year regarding our response to the inactivation failure involving Bacillus anthracis spores at Dugway Proving Ground. Since last November, I have been privileged to lead the Division of Select Agents and Toxins through significant change. Inspection reports are more timely, clear, risk-based, and consistent. The regulated community is stronger partner in achieving standards of biosafety and pathogen security. Incident response planning is more proactive and public awareness of select agent work and oversight is improving.    But our work is by no means done, and I am pleased to introduce Dr. Sam Edwin who joined the CDC 3 weeks ago as the new director of the Division of Select Agents and Toxins, and who will continue CDC's commitment to improving the Federal Select Agent Program.    I would like to recognize the important contributions that GAO has made to understanding challenges with the inactivation of pathogens, and proposing ways to improve laboratory practice and Government oversight. We concur with the recommendations related to the Federal Select Agent Program and have already initiated efforts to address them.    As recommended in GAO's new report, the Department of Health and Human Services is expecting to publish a final rule which will improve oversight of inactivation protocols. We are also developing guidance to be released concurrently that will assist the regulated community with implementation of the new requirements. We are improving incident reporting and data collection also recommended in the GAO report by updating the form used to report theft loss or release of select agents and toxins. We expect that incomplete inactivation as a potential cause of exposure to select agents will now be explicitly captured.    We are working to improve consistency in how we assess severity of inspection findings to focus attention where it is needed most. We are using this process to better standardize the application of enforcement actions, including referral to the Inspector General as was recommended by GAO. These steps will increase the consistency and transparency of oversight.    Research done on select agents and toxins saves lives by supporting the development of vaccines and drugs and the tools needed to identify these pathogens when disease can successfully be treated or prevented. We continually strive to balance our mission to advance safety and security with our commitment to science. The scientific methods and objectives of research with biological agents are diverse and complex, and we must be careful not to overprescribe methods and interfere with medical advances.    We are increasing regulatory compliance through collaboration with the regulated community which shares a common interest in biosafety and pathogen security and also bears responsibility for assessing the risk of their work and applying appropriate safety measures. We also use the experience and judgment of our inspectors, over 60 percent of whom hold Ph.D.s in microbiology and most of the rest master's degrees, to provide guidance on risk assessment and risk management as well as review the work of the laboratory scientists during inspections.    When necessary we set specific method requirements through rule change as we are doing with the inactivation of select agents. For 70 years the scientists and staff at CDC have been on the front lines of public health tackling pandemics and threats to the health of the American people. The Division of Select Agents and Toxins is responsive in making improvements, including the GAO recommendations on inactivation.    Work with select agents saves lives and we are balancing the need for regulatory constraints with the benefits of scientific discovery. I assure you that we have and will continue to work diligently and thoughtfully to evolve this oversight program and protect Americans from biological threats. We welcome the subcommittee's input as we continue on this path. Happy to take questions.    Dr. Sosin. Many aspects of our program have changed. I'd be happy to talk to you more about how inspections have improved, how the work with the regulated community including opportunities for best practice sharing, training, have improved, how incident response activities have improved, and transparency. All of these called in a broader range of Federal reports. I think you can look at what has happened in the year since we have been here and see many changes, including each one of the GAO recommendations that came out in the recent report.    Dr. Sosin. I didn't understand, specific tracking?    Dr. Sosin. So yes, we have----    Dr. Sosin. Ranking Member DeGette, I believe there's a misunderstanding about what the Federal Select Agent Program is authorized to do. It's authorized to oversee a specific set of select agents and toxins, not the laboratories. So the Federal Select Agent Program is not authorized.    Dr. Sosin. I don't have enough information to know whether the benefit over----    Dr. Sosin. Sure. The viability testing of agents following inactivation procedures is absolutely critical, will be a part of the new requirements. Specific to spore formers, specific to Bacillus anthracis, since the Dugway incident we have disallowed the treatment of, or the inactivation of Bacillus anthracis spores to be used for future use as non-select agents. So until we have clarity of the science of how long that period of viability testing needs to be, we will not lift that prohibition on treating Bacillus anthracis spores as inactivated.    Dr. Sosin. Congresswoman, thank you. The process is that the jurisdiction, in this case CDC Atlanta, would be the jurisdiction of the State of Georgia, would recognize a need for countermeasures, would make a request to the secretary of HHS, and those materials would be provided to CDC through the State to ensure that the staff received the prophylaxis needed.    Dr. Sosin. It goes very fast. It's all HHS.    Dr. Sosin. We routinely respond to botulinum toxin, for example, under the same mechanism.    Dr. Sosin. Within hours.    Dr. Sosin. That can be done and it has been done. And the State of Georgia would defer to CDC to carry out the work that needed to be done and that would increase the speed of it.    Dr. Sosin. I'm not familiar with the specific equipment issues associated with the findings that you mention. But the process is when the laboratory identifies a failure of inactivation or an exposure of a worker in general, because of a breach of personal protective equipment or failure of equipment, the notification goes through their responsible official at the facility directly to CDC to notify us of the event and we begin a process of investigating with that facility to make sure that all necessary protective measures are taken to protect the workers as well as secure agents. And if necessary, if it's a significant exposure we'll bring in State authorities and local authorities to be involved in that process.