    Mr. Walberg. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I associate myself with your remarks and that of a Representative who had to do a tough thing yesterday to attend that funeral.    Mr. Sisk, how many program administrators have there been in the life of the surplus firearm donation program?    Mr. Walberg. Yes.    Mr. Walberg. That's my figure as well.    Mr. Walberg. Ms. Ochoa and Mr. Sisk, you can answer as well, did any program administrator ever identify the need for a new system during the person's time with GSA?    Mr. Walberg. That's accurate? Your understanding as well, Mr. Sisk?    Mr. Walberg. Mr. Sisk, there have been about 9,800 firearms donated through the GSA program. Is that correct?    Mr. Walberg. You have one person, as I understand it, assigned to manage this program of nearly 10,000 firearms. That's correct, right?    Mr. Walberg. GSA is making a number of changes to the program in response to the IG report. Do you plan to have more than one person assigned to managing the program going forward?    Mr. Walberg. One person would still be able to handle that?    Mr. Walberg. Your report took issue with the GSA only having one individual responsible, Ms. Ochoa, your report, for this entire program. Can you elaborate on why this practice is problematic?    Mr. Walberg. Do you think this new system that they are working toward would take care of that; one person will be able to care? Or would you still say, ``We think you need to expand the numbers''?    Mr. Walberg. Mr. Sisk, did GSA speak with or consult any of the program administration's--administrators at DOD regarding the practices used in administering its 1033 program?    Mr. Walberg. To what end?    Mr. Walberg. No intent to look toward transferring the program to DOD?    Mr. Walberg. Did you consult with any of the SASPs who participate in both programs to adapt best practices in redesigning the administration of your surplus firearm donation program?    Mr. Walberg. But you didn't consult with any SASPs about this?    Mr. Walberg. I think that would be important to do, to see what their record has been, what their experience has been, especially in finding a way to make sure that the loss of firearms, the loss of contact with the firearms, the loss of understanding where they're at seems to be important to find out if there's any better way of doing it.    So we trust that the new system you're putting in place, the plans forward will ultimately meet the approval of OIG but, more importantly, that we will gain control again.    Mr. Walberg. Yes, I would.    Mr. Walberg. I yield back.