    Mr. Wilson. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And, Dr. Gilmore, tomorrow we are having a full committee hearing on the risk of losing military technology superiority and its implication for U.S. policy, strategy, and posture in the Asia-Pacific.    What is your opinion of the continued development and production of the F-35 program as critical to our military in maintaining its technological superiority?    Mr. Wilson. Yes.    Mr. Wilson. Well, thank you very much for your clarity.    And, General Bogdan, the F-35 is the only fifth-generation aircraft in production today. Please highlight for us what the F-35 fifth-generation capabilities will bring to the fight.    General Bogdan. Congressman, the essence of the F-35 and what it can do for us and our allies now and in the future is a combination of different characteristics about the airplane, one of them being stealth, meaning, although not impossible to detect, very, very, very difficult to detect.    And once you detect an airplane, you have to go through the kill chain to shoot it out of the sky, and this airplane, with its combination of stealth, electronic attack, electronic warfare capabilities, and its sensors, is very, very good at knocking pieces of that kill chain out.    So it is a very survivable airplane in the most heavily defended, complex target environments where we wouldn't otherwise be able to bring other legacy airplanes. So it does that.    The second thing it does is its combination of sensors, when working properly and fused properly, provides a picture of the battlespace that is unprecedented for our pilots today. And the ability to see the battlespace in that clarity and to take that picture and send it off board to other airplanes and other platforms is a valuable, valuable tool.    So the combination of the F-35 being able to go where no other airplanes can go and its ability to see the battlespace in that kind of clarity creates an advantage for the United States that is critical in future air dominance.    Mr. Wilson. And, again, thank you for your clarity on that.    And, Secretary Stackley, I previously represented Marine Corps Air Station Beaufort, and they have just been--the community is so supportive and so enthusiastic about F-35Bs being located there. They are located.    What is the current status of deployment there? And what is the future?    Mr. Wilson. Well, I always like to point out that Beaufort has the right meteorological conditions, and that is very good weather, temperate, and very warm people.    So thank you very much.