    Mrs. Walorski. Administrator Shea, I am thrilled that you are here. I have additional questions about the avian flu.    I appreciate your answers to Mr. Kelly. I just have a couple of additional questions on that. For example, so in Indiana, obviously, we are in the Midwest. We had a brief skirting of this with only 77 birds destroyed. But certainly in my district, in northern Indiana, where we have a large amount of poultry providers and egg production, I have worried constituents. And what you were talking about just a second ago with biosecurity, depopulating very, very rapidly and things like that, in some cases it took 2 weeks to put down all those birds. And we were embroiled in that conversation about this question. Then what? What are they going to do with all these birds and how are they going to disintegrate them or what is going to happen? You are alluding to all of that.    So when you looked at these states that were wiped out, did you look at states like Indiana as well that had these skirmishes, and when you are looking at setting policy are you going to include states like Indiana, these professional growers as well, since we have already dealt with that. There is a lot of stress in my district about what happens in spring with these migratory populations. Can you speak to that?    Mrs. Walorski. Absolutely. He did an incredible job, by the way.    Mrs. Walorski. I appreciate that, and I agree.    Do you feel APHIS has the authority to do what it needs or do you feel Congress needs to make legislative changes?    Mrs. Walorski. I appreciate it. I appreciate your efforts as well.    I yield back, Mr. Chairman.    The Chairman. The gentlelady yields back.    Mrs. Hartzler, for 4 minutes.    Mrs. Walorski. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Thank you, Representative Yoho. Administrator Rowe, I so much appreciate all of you being here, and I am the Chairwoman of the Subcommittee, and we have looked at past, present and future when it comes to SNAP. We have talked about the economic ladder and really assisting people climbing up into this economic ladder, and we need to be clear, though, just one little item of interest here. When we talk about SNAP, and we talk about the decrease, we also have to remember that since 2009, or you alluded to before, 2008, 2009 with the recession and the stimulus policy changes, that is where the 81 percent increase in SNAP came from.    So while we are looking at a decrease of single digits, we are talking about an increase of 81 percent, and I just want to make sure we are all talking about the same thing here. I believe we can be good stewards of the American taxpayer money. I really do. And we can assist people climbing up an economic ladder. And with that, Administrator Rowe, I am concerned that we are looking at 17 programs, 14 in one area, and the other in the areas of aging, three other programs. What is the USDA doing to address duplication and duplicative efforts on all those programs together?    Mrs. Walorski. I have a further question there. So does FNS look at data points? For example, we are looking at kind of like a holistic look at people. Does FNS have the ability to track well-being, economic security, as the recipients go through the program, or are you just simply tracking numbers served?    Mrs. Walorski. Okay. I appreciate that. My final question is this: We work with a lot of outside agencies as you do as well with these international feeding programs like Feed the Children. One of the things we had chatted with them about is they were telling us about their outcome measures that they use in every country around the world. My question is, the data points that we just talked about, helps better discern what approaches work and don't work. It certainly would help us in Congress, as we have the role of oversight, in understanding are people really making it, or are we just rolling numbers and filling slots on those numbers. It gives us a better picture of oversight. Does FNS have that similar kind of outcome measures, and I guess if not, why not--and they are certainly a standard.    Mrs. Walorski. I appreciate that.    Ms. Rowe.--and looking at the outcomes in all of our programs.    Mrs. Walorski. That would be great. Thanks. I yield back, Mr. Chairman.    The Chairman. Mr. Yoho, 4 minutes.