    Mr. Pearce. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I would just start with the statement that Bear Stearns and Lehman were not bank holding companies and would not have been subject to that particular provision.    Mr. Simmons, now, when I think about business--my wife and I had a small business. Certainly, we were not in the $50 billion category, but when we got up to 50 employees, then we came under different rules. So we just found ourselves staying below $50 billion because it was so much easier.    Do you think that banks will actually--or the financial institutions will decide to self-limit their size just to not have to hassle with it?    Mr. Pearce. Yes, so the question is on the table.    Mr. Pearce. And so, in the attempt to try to improve the economy, the Federal Government may, in fact, set the economy up to start limiting itself. That is a concern that I have, and it sounds like it is already a discussion. And I would just guarantee you, when people have to deal with one level of the government or a different level, then you do actually have to work that.    Now, this idea that there are going to be two sets of standards--you have been in the bank business for a while. When regulators have different tiers, do they set two standards? Do they come in and identify which size you are with respect to regulations? Or do they just go to the highest level of regulations?    Mr. Pearce. Yes. But, again, that is the comment I hear from banks in my district. It is New Mexico, so very few fall in a large category, but they all say that they get the same standards that are applied to the big institutions.    Mr. Johnson, I have a curiosity about these varying standards. Do you see some difficulty in agencies?    Agencies are composed of people, and they have to remember two different standards. I know flying airplanes, for instance, in the Air Force, they only want you flying one kind of an airplane at once because it is kind of difficult to remember all the different air speeds and the checkpoints and things. And airliners are pretty much the same way.    And so bank regulators, are they going to memorize multiple sets of standards? Are they going to be tailors for individual clothing for the banks, or are they going to actually start standardizing themselves?    Mr. Pearce. No, I am not asking--I am asking, in practical application, a regulator sitting there trying to remember all these different standards, are they really going to do it, or do you think that they will probably end up ballparking something in their head and just doing the best they can?    Because I don't see where that kind of a tailored process can work from a regulatory point of view. It requires too much judgement. To me, it looks very awkward, and very difficult.    You don't think so? You think they will be able to divide themselves up into little squares and do one thing in one company and another thing in another company and not merge the two together in their head and their heart?    Mr. Pearce. Okay. Fair enough.    Now, on your item number five, you say that the regulators failed, more or less--they had a great deal of discretion, and they failed to protect consumers.    What should we do from this point of view when the regulators fail?    Mr. Pearce. No, but should we do something?    Mr. Pearce. Yes. So I really wrestle with the fact that the regulators were sitting right in the room with MF Global and they let the guy--some of these things that banks are doing, they don't know the difference. That guy knew the difference. He moved $101.5 billion out of segregated accounts, and yet nothing has happened to the regulators and nothing has happened to him. It is against the law.    And so, I always worry that the regulators just kind of end up doing what they want to do when they are sitting in that room, and I wonder how you perceive that.    Mr. Pearce. Yes. Again, I have asked the questions multiple times; I have asked it straight to the supervisors. Nothing has ever happened to anybody. So I appreciate your opinion there, but I understand.    I yield back the balance of my time, Mr. Chairman. Thank you.