    Ms. Johnson. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman, and good morning. I'd like to start by welcoming our witnesses.     NASA is a cornerstone of our nation's R&D enterprise, a source of inspiration to our young people, and a worldwide symbol of America's technological prowess and dedication to the peaceful exploration of space. We want it to succeed.    Today's hearing is entitled ``The Space Leadership Preservation Act and the Need for Stability at NASA.'' While I have concerns about the legislation itself, I wholeheartedly agree with the premise that we want to preserve America's leadership in space, and that NASA will need stability if it is to maintain that leadership role. I am heartened that Chairman Culberson has long felt the same way.    That said, I regret that the legislation being discussed today, while obviously well-intentioned, unfortunately is not likely to fix the fundamental causes of instability at NASA. Let me give just a few examples of my concern with what the bill does and doesn't do.    First, the bill would establish a Board of Directors apparently modeled after the National Science Foundation's National Science Board. Of course, NSF and NASA are quite different agencies with quite different missions. So the applicability of the NSF model to NASA is unclear.    But there are other differences that also need to be noted. As we know, the members of the NSB are all nominated by the President. The Board of Directors established in this bill, on the other hand, would have a majority of its members named by Congress using a formula that injects partisan politics into a board that ostensibly is supposed to insulate NASA from politics.    In addition, the Board would be tasked with preparing the budget for NASA in parallel with NASA's own budget preparations process. This seems to be a prescription for wasteful duplication at best, with the potential for serious confusion and instability as the more likely outcomes.    It is unclear to me how this small group of individuals with no agency management responsibilities or accountability is supposed to develop a detailed budget for a $19 billion agency without having to set up an unwieldy competing administrative infrastructure of its own. This is an approach that will not lead to a good outcome.    Instead, we should let the dedicated men and women at NASA who are tasked with carrying out NASA's challenging programs be the ones to develop its budget requests. It should not be done by a group of individuals who, though may be talented, will not have any accountability for delivering results under the budget they may propose. If we're concerned that OMB is adjusting NASA's budget request in unhealthy ways, then we in Congress already have sufficient oversight and budgetary tools at our disposal to correct that situation.    Next, the bill would establish a fixed ten-year term for the NASA Administrator. I frankly don't know what problem this provision is intended to correct. A mission agency benefits from having an administrator chosen by the President or she--that he or she serves. Having a carryover administrator from a previous President's term will do nothing to ensure stability if the President wishes to pursue a different policy agenda from his or her predecessor and doesn't see the Administrator as being part of his or her team.    In addition, as history shows, having a fixed term for an agency head means little in practice. Only 5 of the last 15 NSF Directors served out a full six-year term, and similar instability has been the norm for FAA despite the five-year term for its Administrators.    I could go on, but the reality is that we don't need to set up a new bureaucracy outside of NASA or alter the appointment process for its leaders. If we're interested in ensuring stability at NASA, it is already in our power as Congress to do so. We are the ones who ultimately determine NASA's budget. We can provide the necessary budgetary stability to NASA or we can destabilize it with appropriation delays, continuing resolutions, and shutdowns. The choice is ours. It's right here in this Committee.    In addition, we have the ability to set a stable direction for NASA, and we did just that in the 2015 NASA reauthorization bill that passed the House. We see that Mars should be the goal of our human exploration program. The President has agreed, though that was determined before he became President. We should take that consensus and build on it rather than having an unelected board put forth its own exploration vision every four years.    The two Congressional actions that I have just described, one budgetary and one policy-oriented, will do more to maintain space leadership and ensure stability at NASA than anything we might do in this bill that we are discussing today.    So in closing, I again want to welcome our witnesses. I appreciate your service, and I look forward to your testimony. Mr. Chairman, I yield back.    Ms. Johnson. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. Chaplain, based on GAO's work on NASA, what are the top two issues that need to be addressed to ensure stability in NASA's programs over the long term and what should Congress do to address those? And would any of the other witnesses care to comment after you?    Ms. Johnson. Any other witnesses care to----    Ms. Johnson. Okay. Okay.    Ms. Johnson. Thank you. This Committee and Congress will be considering and deliberating on the budget--the President's fiscal year budget 2017 in the coming weeks. What in your view are the top three challenges for NASA over the next two years?    Ms. Johnson. Thank you.    Ms. Johnson. My time is expired, but I'd like you to comment if you could.    Ms. Johnson. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.