    Mr. Luetkemeyer. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And good morning, Mr. Lew.    Mr. Luetkemeyer. I was kind of taken aback by your report. This morning in the Washington Times, there is a report that CBO put out, I think yesterday. I don't know if you have seen the article yet with regards to--    Mr. Luetkemeyer. Okay. Thank you.    And they make the comment here that--the headline is, ``CBO Warns of Financial Death Spiral from Debt.'' The first line says, ``Rising Federal debt threatens to choke off economic growth in a decade, beginning a death spiral that will sap revenue from government programs even as demand grows, forcing the government to borrow even more.''    And one of the things--in your testimony here, your second paragraph, the first line says, ``The Council was created to identify and respond to vulnerabilities in the U.S. financial system and provide a mechanism for agencies to talk to each other and take collective responsibility for addressing potential threats to financial stability.''    And yet, in your report, I don't see anything about debt. Am I missing something?    Mr. Luetkemeyer. That is not what it says, Mr. Secretary. That is not what it says here. It says the long-term outlook for the Federal budget has worsened dramatically--    Mr. Luetkemeyer. So we have just a little blip in the screen here--    Mr. Luetkemeyer. --and then we go back a little lower part of the curve, and then we go back up again?    Mr. Luetkemeyer. Mr. Secretary, if you just quote the President and use his analogy of a car in a ditch, we are not out of the ditch yet, we are still trying to struggle to get out of there. We are bumping along here with an annual growth rate of what? Less than 2 percent, 1 percent, something like that, of our GDP?    And here CBO says--and the point I am trying to make is, CBO points out the debt is a problem for our economy, and yet your report does nothing, says nothing about it. And you are supposed to be an agency that points out these problems.    My question is, why did you not point out that debt is a problem for our economy?    Mr. Luetkemeyer. So you don't consider it a threat?    Mr. Luetkemeyer. Yes, but part of--    Mr. Luetkemeyer. I think you have missed the boat, quite frankly. CBO points it out. There is nothing in here. I think we are missing the boat. We have dropped the ball on this.    Next question. One of the concerns I have, as the chairman of the Housing and Insurance Subcommittee is that we have a situation where we have designated some insurance companies as SIFIs. And one of the things is, that is fine if you feel there is that much risk there. We have asked before, quite frankly, to give us the criteria on which you based your analysis, and we have never gotten it. We had an Under Secretary who was here not too long ago who actually did a very good job of getting me the analysis on this.    But I think part of your job, also, is to figure out how to de-risk things. You pointed out there is a problem. Okay, how do we get the problem solved? And I think that is also what is in your report. In your first line here, it talks about addressing potential risks to find ways to get back to financial stability.    So how do we de-risk your--do we have criteria in place yet to de-risk a SIFI, an insurance SIFI?    Mr. Luetkemeyer. Right.    Mr. Luetkemeyer. Okay.    Mr. Luetkemeyer. I see my time is up. I will yield back. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.