    Mr. Lewis. Thank you. Chairman Rohrabacher, and members of the subcommittee. It isn't often that a political philosopher is invited to speak to a congressional committee, and I am honored by your invitation.    I have been asked to speak about the present migration crisis in Europe from the perspective of political philosophy. Much of what we need to know about the migration crisis is simply empirical. How many persons are involved? Where are they from? Why are they migrating? Et cetera. Philosophy has little to say about these questions. Rather, political philosophy is the business of understanding what principles or reasons should guide our political conduct and shape our institutions and laws; what are the starting points for our thinking about our actions as persons and communities? Our starting points are actual goods that direct all of our practical reasoning. Political philosophy must also be attentive to truths about how human beings characteristically behave; that is, about the stable aspects of human nature.    Political communities provide a context for individuals and groups to pursue their own development. This context includes especially legal systems that authoritatively coordinate the actions and interactions of persons and groups. Political communities are required by and justified by the common good of the people who constitute them. By common good I mean, first, the integral development and flourishing of the persons who live in the community and, secondly, the whole ensemble of conditions that facilitate that development. It is these things that justify but also limit the exercise of political authority.    Among the conditions required for persons in groups to thrive, are the availability of resources, and these resources first come from the earth itself. And no things, no products from the earth, no parts of it, naturally and originally, belong to any particular persons; however, human nature suggests that those things are best maintained when they are shared out in some distribution of private property.    And I believe that this explanation of private property is also the sound reason for the existence of different territorial political communities. Governments and their constituents together are analogous to property owners in the sense that they represent a determinate agency responsible for the maintenance of the necessary conditions in a recognized territory or jurisdiction, justified by the directedness of the agency and those conditions to the common good of their people.    Public order, the security of persons, both individuals and groups and their property and freedom, are essential elements of the common good and are best protected by particular governments with clear jurisdictions. The common good is more than merely a set of laws and institutions. It includes a common culture, among the elements of which are, for example, a common language, at least one common language, and shared sentiments of attachment and common membership. Such sentiments are an indispensable support for the maintenance of legal and political institutions and make possible the sacrifices that are necessary for the preservation of any political community over time. This is especially the case with respect to modern democracies, which tend to be large and which often encompass considerable diversity of ethnicity, religious faith, and moral views among their populations, in addition to the social mobility and dynamism characteristic of modern economies.    The role of shared practices, values, and sentiments in the maintenance of stable political communities that really do promote the common good of their citizens was known to Plato and Aristotle at the very beginning of the tradition. Aristotle in particular elaborated the notion of political friendship based on a fundamental agreement, or like-mindedness, about the purpose, structure, and practices of the political system.    In the 19th Century, Alexis de Tocqueville famously made the habits and mores of the people central to his accounts of how democratic political institutions were maintained in the United States.    The willingness of citizens not only to defend one another through military service, but also to consent in the sort of redistributive taxation common to contemporary welfare states assumes a sense of common membership and shared values and sentiments. Without these things, the maintenance of communities and their institutions would require the application of coercive force on a far greater scale than we associate with free societies.    Similarly, among these supports for free governments, are more generic but nevertheless, dearly bought values like the rule of law, an atmosphere in which legal and natural rights of persons are acknowledged and protected by the law with habits of civility and mutual forbearance that are informed by civic and political friendship.    The common good of the political community is challenged, if not threatened, by the sudden and disorderly influx of large numbers of foreigners. And so the very common good that justifies political authority also justifies, I would say requires, government's concern about who enters their territory, and even more importantly, about the assimilation of immigrants into the community. Both the need to protect public order and the need to assimilate, justify concern about the number of immigrants into the country and their character.    A large group of immigrants who come predominantly from a distinct region of the world with its own culture that is significantly different from that of their country of destination presents an obvious challenge that no government could responsibly ignore. Indeed, there may be particularly urgent concerns if the immigrant group contains large numbers of persons who are from places where genuine political community has not emerged and more social life is still dominated by family and tribal loyalties, or who are reasonably believed to hold views that are inconsistent with democratic political institutions and the protection of basic human rights, especially the equal legal rights of women and religious freedom.    Large numbers hastily or heedlessly admitted cannot only strain a country's material infrastructure of social support, but its legal system and larger political culture. Moreover, it could set in motion changes, the full import of which may not be immediately apparent but which could lead to various forms of social and political instability later.    The collision we witness today in Europe of immense numbers of immigrants from a distinct civilization with a demographic collapse of Western European countries, countries with birth rates well below replacement levels, cannot but have far-reaching consequences not only for the internal politics of those countries, but also for the neighboring countries of Central and Eastern Europe and at some stage for the United States as well. Since we cannot now know what kind of political pressure may eventually brought to bear on those countries' governments relative to the character and future of the Western alliance. Thank you.    Mr. Lewis. I don't know much more about the chancellor's thinking than I read in the newspapers. And my impression is that she is coping with a very difficult and stressful situation. But I think it is becoming clear that the strains that are resulting from this are going to have political consequences for her, but are already having consequences for other countries. So I don't know on what basis she is making these decisions, but I think it is probably very improvisational.    Mr. Lewis. I would simply underline points that both of us have mentioned about the importance of assimilation and the problem, in the particular case we are talking about here, is the numbers of people in the short period of time in which they are coming in. They are talking about possibly of as many as 1\1/2\ million refugees into Germany just this year, and I think one has to remember that is on top of millions of refugees that have come in in the last 5, 6, 7 years. Germany is a country of 80 million people, so you can do the math; at a certain point, the percentage creeps up, and the question of the ability to assimilate those immigrants is crucial. The United States is a much larger country. And historically, I think we have done a much better job of assimilating immigrants than the European countries have.    Mr. Lewis. Yes. I think that is a real question at the moment. I mean, there are two important things here I would mention. One is that the influx of refugees, which is quite heavy here at the moment, comes in combination with the demographic problems, the loss of growth, the natural fertility in most Western European countries, well below replacement, and that is why they need workers from the outside. But what is crucial is to have an orderly process of immigration.    My wife's grandparents came over here from Italy, and her father, who grew up here with those parents became a decorated veteran of World War II, loved the United States. He learned that being here, acquired those sentiments of attachment to the country and willingness to sacrifice for it. That takes time, and it requires a kind of orderly process, and that is what is not there.    Mr. Lewis. The current rules, the Dublin rules, I think, have been largely dispensed with. I think those were the rules, but I think there really aren't many rules at the moment----    Mr. Lewis. Well, you know, the statement that I prepared, submitted ahead of time, one element of it is, that it is an absolute first responsibility of national governments to protect the common good of the people of those countries, to secure the rule of law and the protection of the fundamental rights of those people, and they have that. It is a very solemn obligation for the governing authority of any country. And now there is a natural tendency and a correct tendency to want to be generous and hospitable to immigrants; there are compelling humanitarian reasons for that. And I think, you know, the Germans have tried to do that, maybe overtried in some ways.    But it has to be understood that the first responsibility of governments is to protect the security of their people. And some of these issues really, really could have an impact there. In just yesterday's Wall Street Journal, there was a story about forged passports and the market in forged passports, people coming into Europe now, usually what they do is apparently throw the passports away once they get to the country of destination, and then they are equipped with a whole new set of identity documents, which could then be used to travel to other places as well. There may be no way of knowing where they originally came from or what their intentions are. And it is a matter of internal security, a justified function of government to police that.    Mr. Lewis. No. I mean, the United States is a generous country, and I hope it continues to be generous, but as far as exactly how much money is available for what, I just don't know.    Mr. Lewis. Yeah. What I was talking about there was the resources that people need to live, the most important ones, come initially just from the earth itself. And my point was at the beginning, if we sort of mentally put ourselves back, you might say, just hypothetically at the beginning of the world, no particular piece of the earth belongs to any particular person naturally.    Mr. Lewis. We acquire things.    Mr. Lewis. Because of facts about human nature, the fact that we tend to take care of things more effectively when we own them and----    Mr. Lewis . People quarrel over things, it makes sense----    Mr. Lewis . That we parcel out.    Mr. Lewis. Absolutely. But I was making an analogy to territory itself, that particular governments are better stewards of their territory and of the order of their territory than having no particular governments and borders and so forth.    Mr. Lewis. From what I can tell, Hungary is doing what they think is necessary to protect their national security.