    Chairman Weber. Subcommittee on Energy will come to order. Without objection, the Chair is authorized to declare recesses of the Subcommittee at any time. Welcome to today's hearing, entitled ``Nuclear Energy Innovation and the National Labs.'' I now recognize myself for five minutes for an opening statement.    Good morning, and I've already welcomed you to the Committee Hearing this morning. We appreciate you all being here. Today's hearing will focus on the Department of Energy's National Laboratories' research capabilities, and the working relationship with the private sector to advance nuclear energy technology, both fission and fusion. The Department of Energy owns 17 national laboratories, 16 of which are operated by contractors as federally funded research and development centers. The government owned contractor operated model allows the labs flexibility to think outside of the box when tackling fundamental scientific challenges. The Department of Energy labs grew out of the Manhattan Project, and today provide the critical R&D infrastructure that will enable researchers in academia and the private sector to develop the technologies of tomorrow.    It's pretty clear that the challenges in nuclear science can be quite complicated, and we'll hear more about that from our expert witnesses on our panel today. That said, not being a nuclear physicist or anything of that sort, I'm going to do my best to simplify what we intend to discuss in today's hearing. We hope to get a better understanding of what the DOE labs do, and how their unique research machines and talented group of researches can enable companies to develop new products. This is especially relevant for nuclear energy R&D, which requires large up-front costs, but may lead to revolutionary technology with long term rewards.    Folks, I would add that the United States has a definite national interest in maintaining our position at the forefront of nuclear technology development. Nuclear energy, as you know, is in a class of its own, with the highest energy density of any fuel, and yet yields zero emissions, the big goose egg. It is also highly regulated, often a centerpiece of global, especially national, politics, and is associated with the world's strongest economies. In the United States we invented this technology, and cannot forego, we must not forego the opportunity to export more efficient and safer reactor systems that will mitigate proliferation concerns, while increasing global stability by providing a reliable energy source.    Today we're going to hear from the president of a charitable organization that has co-invested with a DOE lab to advance a specific nuclear fuel treatment process to convert nuclear waste into a useable fuel. We will also hear from the Argonne National Lab, which invented this fuel treatment process, as well as private companies developing fusion, and advanced fission reactors. Needless to say, this is a unique panel of witnesses. I thank the witnesses for participating in today's hearing, and I look forward to their testimony.    Chairman Weber. Mr. Grayson of Florida, you're recognized for five minutes.    Chairman Weber. I thank the gentleman from Florida, and now recognize the gentleman from Texas, the Chairman of the full Committee, Chairman Smith.    Chairman Weber. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Let me introduce our witnesses. Our--Dr. Mark Peters, our first witness today, is the Associate Laboratory Director for Argonne National Laboratory's Energy and Global Security Directorate, which includes Argonne's programs in energy research and national security. Dr. Peters has worked with the national labs for 20 years. In addition, he serves as a senior advisor to the DOE on nuclear energy technologies and nuclear waste management. Dr. Peters received his Bachelor's Degree in geology from Auburn University, and his Ph.D. in geophysical sciences from the University of Chicago. Welcome, Dr. Peters.    Our next witness is Mr. Frank Batten, Junior, Chairman and CEO of Landmark Media Enterprises, and President of the Landmark Foundation. The Landmark Foundation focuses its efforts on helping local education and human service organizations. Mr. Batten received his Bachelor's Degree in history from Dartmouth, and his MBA from the University of Virginia. Welcome, Mr. Batten. Am I pronouncing that right?    Chairman Weber. Our next witness is Mr. Nathan Gilliland, okay, Chief Executive Officer of General Fusion. Before joining General Fusion, Mr. Gilliland served as an entrepreneur-in-residence with Kliner, Perkins, Caufield, and Byers, one of the world's largest venture capital firms. In addition, he was the president and co-founder of Harvest Power, a renewable energy company that turns organic waste into natural gas and electricity. Mr. Gilliland received his Bachelor's Degree in political science from the University of California, Berkeley. Welcome, Mr. Gilliland.    Our final witness today is Dr. John Parmentola, Senior Vice President of General Atomics' Energy and Advanced Concepts Group. Dr. Parmentola oversees a team of nearly 475 from over 90 institutions worldwide who lead the way in international nuclear fusion and fission research and development. Before joining General Atomics, Dr. Parmentola served as Director of Research and Laboratory Management for the United States Army. In addition, he served as Science and Technology Advisor to the Chief Financial Officer of the Department of Energy. Dr. Parmentola received his Bachelor's Degree in physics from Polytechnic Institute of Brooklyn, and his Ph.D. in physics from MIT. Welcome, Dr. Parmentola.    We're going to turn to our witnesses now, and you all are recognized for five minutes. We ask that you keep your testimony to five minutes. Dr. Peters, we'll start with you.    Chairman Weber. Without objection.    Chairman Weber. Thank you, Dr. Peters.    Mr. Batten, you're recognized.    Chairman Weber. Thank you, Mr. Batten.    Mr. Gilliland, you're recognized.    Chairman Weber. Thank you, Mr. Gilliland.    Dr. Parmentola, you're recognized.    Chairman Weber. Thank you, Dr. Parmentola. I now recognize myself for five minutes to begin the questioning.    Mr. Batten, you've come here today with a unique story of a charitable foundation that has invested in a specific process of nuclear fuel recycling, all for the purpose of jump starting an advanced reactor technology that would reduce waste, increase resource utilization, and mitigate proliferation concerns, obviously. So how do you hope this--I think you pronounced it CRADA?    Chairman Weber. CRADA? Um-hum.    Chairman Weber. Right, Cooperative Research and Development Agreement, will make a difference, and what would be the benefits to the United States from successful pyroprocessing and IFR, Integral Fast Reactor, deployment? And then I've got a follow-up question about something you said. How do you hope this will make a difference?    Chairman Weber. How many feet?    Chairman Weber. Okay.    Chairman Weber. Okay. And I applaud you for that, by the way. Just kind of a follow-up question, you said in your comments, if I was following--heard correctly that the pyroprocessing was developed in the United States?    Chairman Weber. Okay.    Chairman Weber. But do I understand that France uses more reprocessed fuel, as it were, than we do? Do you know?    Chairman Weber. So they're not--they are not using our technology?    Chairman Weber. Okay.    Chairman Weber. Would you compare and contrast a cost analysis to the two? Are they roughly the same, or have you--do you----    Chairman Weber. Okay. Dr. Parmentola, given the United States budget constraints--obviously Congress must be careful with every dollar we spend. That said, as many of you have already said, there are some activities that the private enterprise--private companies cannot undertake, but where the federal government can actually support the research and infrastructure to support that private investment.    So, Doctor, can you explain how an open access fast reactor user facility could enable private industry to deploy stranded capital that is simply waiting to be spent on research and development for new reactor designs that are more efficient, and even safer than today's technology? That's my question, but before you get there, one of the terms I heard bantered around about this process is, if we would support the development of a library where, for example, we could have the resources, and companies could come in, and kind of draw from those resources. And I think you actually had--or maybe it was Dr. Peters who called it a test reactor and a test bed. Was that the term you used?    Chairman Weber. Okay. And so, Dr. Parmentola, can you explain how that open access fast reactor user facility would help?    Chairman Weber. Okay. Thank you. And back to Dr. Peters, you pointed out that the U.S.'s non-proliferation mission could be adversely affected by foregoing the timely development of advanced reactors for export because that void will be filled otherwise by supplier nations. Would you elaborate--I think we probably--most us understand, but would you elaborate on how exporting reactor technology is a component to the United States' security and non-proliferation mission, please, sir?    Chairman Weber. Along those lines, you said in your prepared testimony that you provided the NRC will need to establish a new licensing structure to accommodate the next generation of more safer, efficient safe rectors. So can you explain to us further why the NRC will need to establish a new licensing framework?    Chairman Weber. Got you. Thank you. And I apologize to my colleagues, I'm a little over time. The gentleman from Florida, Mr. Grayson, you're recognized for questions.    Chairman Weber. The gentleman from California is recognized.    Chairman Weber. I thank the gentleman, who yields back. And now, Mr. Lipinski, you're recognized.    Chairman Weber. I thank the gentleman. Mr. Hultgren, you're recognized for five minutes.    Chairman Weber. Amen.    Chairman Weber. Thank you. And, in that context, very quickly, if I may, according to research, the Manhattan Project, which was '42 to '46, cost $2 billion, okay? 90 percent of that was in the production of the factories and the fissile material, and less than 10 percent was actually used in the R&D for the weapons. In today's dollars, that's $26 billion, with a B, dollars. So who's going to invest that kind of money?    Thank you for the indulgence, and the Chairman--I mean the gentleman from California is recognized.    Chairman Weber. I thank the gentleman. The gentleman from Illinois, Mr. Foster, is recognized.    Chairman Weber. Yes, sir.    Chairman Weber. We'll just take it out of your next five minutes. But the gentleman yields back, no problem. Mr. Batten, I, you know, I said earlier that I applaud you, your collaboration and your efforts and stuff, and thank you again for being here, but I wanted to give you--and I went way over my time, Mr. Foster, by the way. What I----    Chairman Weber. What I wanted to ask was would you elaborate on your experience with working with Argonne National Lab in--and what was the best thing about it, the worst thing about it, the most frustrating thing about it? How could you--I know I'm putting you on the spot. How could we help improve the process?    Chairman Weber. Okay. Dr. Peters' check is in the mail to you.    Chairman Weber. And----    Chairman Weber. Well, we love hearing that. Any suggestions to improve--I know you were kind of on virgin territory there.    Chairman Weber. Any suggestions on how we--improving that process?    Chairman Weber. No, yeah. So have you produced an outline, a white paper, on how the next collaborative process will work?    Chairman Weber. Well, and that's why, you know, I referred to it earlier as a kind of a library facility, where, you know, we could provide the facility, and the books and stuff could be there for people to come and check out, if you will, and that would hopefully be an incentive for us to be able to take that next step you're talking about.    And the Chair now recognizes Mr. Grayson.    Chairman Weber. Will the gentleman yield?    Chairman Weber. Now, this is spoken by a guy that has informed us that there's more water in the ocean on land, so you all might just take that with a grain of salt. I yield back.    Chairman Weber. I want to thank the witnesses for coming in today, and for your testimony. It's been very, very informative, and we appreciate you all being here. With that, our hearing's adjourned.