    Mr. Forbes . Thank you, Mrs. Davis.    The Chair now recognizes himself for a series of questions.    General Stewart, General Marrs, first of all, thank you both for being here.    General Stewart, I would never instruct a general what to do but I am going to request, especially with those three stars, that you pull that mike just a little closer to you so that we can hear you even better. We are proud of your service. And I was looking at your resume. I wished I had time to read it all in the record, but through all of those over 35 years, I guess now--how many years total do you have?    General Stewart. I think I am starting my 35th year.    Mr. Forbes. We just are so proud of what you have done.    As the director of the Defense Intelligence Agency, one of the things that we are doing now to everyone that appears before this committee based on some information we got at our retreat for the committee a week or so ago is, did you have to submit your statement for the record to any individual or entity prior to submitting it to us today?    General Stewart. Not for review. We certainly submit that, so that my bosses are aware of what I submitted. But not for review, not for modification, not for changes.    Mr. Forbes. Okay. So who do you submit it to?    General Stewart. Both the DNI and USDI.    Mr. Forbes. Okay. Now, the other question I would ask is, we looked at this--in your best personal, professional military judgment as well as the written statement that is here, as I understand from your written statement, you are to give us an assessment of the global security environment and to address the threats facing the Nation.    As Chairman Thornberry mentioned, sometimes we are looking directionally because it is hard for us just to take a snapshot of today. But if we were going back to, let's say, the beginning of this decade--we could pick any other time that you think would be preferable, but let's begin in 2010--if I were to ask you, would that assessment and security environment and threats facing the Nation, is it better today or worse today than it was in 2010?    General Stewart. I would assess it is far more complex today than it was in 2010. The things I have outlined, breakdown of nation-states, conflict in region, reemergence of competitive peers, far more complex, and I would submit more dangerous than it was in 2010.    Mr. Forbes. And to help us with our colleagues when we are trying to get dollars for defense, if we were to ask you to give me a percentile figure from 1 to 10, 1 being no change, 10, let's say, being an alarming change, where would you peg it along that continuum between 1 to 10, between let's say 2010 and today?    General Stewart. Now, that is not real good math here, but I would probably put it in the five or six range.    Mr. Forbes. Five or six range.    General Stewart. Yes, sir.    Mr. Forbes. Now, the other thing we are always looking at too is our ability to forecast what we think these things are going to get worse or better. So let's go back to 2010 because we started making a lot of cuts to national defense back around 2010, 2011, 2012. Was this threat assessment that has changed, as you indicated to a five or six, along that continuum, were they predicted at that particular point in time, or were these surprises to us?    General Stewart. There were certainly lots of indications of Russian military modernization. There is certainly lots of indication of China military modernization, the reclamation effort. ISIL was not a dominant theme, but Al Qaeda was certainly still a threat. So I don't know that any of these are large surprises. The morphing of Al Qaeda into ISIL probably took some elements by surprise, but all of the pieces were there.    So much of the things that we are seeing today, we saw the precursors of those things in 2009, 2010, 2011, and have now just manifested themselves on the international stage. So it is hard for me to call them surprises when there are lots of indicators there in the past.    Mr. Forbes. So then just to sum up, basically the assessment of the global security environment on the threats facing our Nation today have gotten about a 6 on a 1-to-10 scale in terms of difference between no change and alarming change. And according to your best assessment, most of those were predictable probably at the beginning of the decade as we went into this?    General Stewart. I think there are great philosophers somewhere out there that said prediction is particularly difficult especially when it is about the future. So I think there are certainly some trends there that would indicate that we would be headed for troubling times if we did not reverse or counter.    A growing Russian military modernization, a more assertive and aggressive China in the Pacific, the breakdown of some of these states in the Middle East, the competition between Iran and Saudi Arabia, the possibility that ISIL would establish or attempt to establish the caliphate; all of those precursors were there. They have just now gone full blown in the last 3 to 5 years.    Mr. Forbes. And I would concur with your assessment, and I think our big concern is that, that is why many of us were so puzzled that we began cutting national defense so much over this decade when we could have predicted pretty much this kind of alarming war we are now facing.    The Chair now recognizes Mr. Langevin for 5 minutes.    Mr. Forbes. Gentleman yields back.    Gentleman from South Carolina, Mr. Wilson, is recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Forbes. The gentleman from Washington, Mr. Larsen, is recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Forbes. The gentleman from Ohio, Mr. Turner, is recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Forbes. The gentleman from Arizona, Mr. Gallego, is recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Forbes. The gentleman from Georgia, Mr. Scott, is recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Forbes. Gentleman yields back.    The gentleman from New Jersey, Mr. Norcross, is recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Forbes. The gentlelady from New York, Ms. Stefanik, is recognized for 5 minutes.