    Mr. Lamborn. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    General Flynn, I have a question for you. I am really concerned that, just this week, President Barack Obama was interviewed and compared fighting ISIS to a big-city mayor fighting crime. And that really troubles me, because there is no comparison. That is a horrible and poor analogy.    In a big city, if you have criminals like muggers, carjackers, drug dealers, they are not trying to kill the mayor and take over the city government, which is what ISIS is trying to do in the various countries in the Middle East. And they want to take over and destabilize Jordan and Saudi Arabia, ultimately go after Israel.    There is just no comparison to a big-city mayor fighting crime. Are you troubled by that type of analogy? And does that indicate to you, like it does to me, that he just doesn't get it?    General Flynn. Well, what I have said is that you cannot defeat an enemy that you do not admit exists.    And I really, really strongly believe that the American public needs and wants moral, intellectual, and really strategic clarity and courage on this threat.    I mean, there is no comparison. And it is not to take away the danger that exists with the thugs and the criminals that are in our own system, but that is not what it is that we are facing in this discussion that we are having right now. It is totally different.    Mr. Lamborn. Also, let me change subjects and ask about Guantanamo Bay. And there was an interesting exchange over in the Senate the other day. And my friend and colleague Senator Tom Cotton of Arkansas was talking to an administration official and making the point that the fight was brought to our homeland before Guantanamo Bay ever existed and, even if the President succeeds in shutting it down, the fight will continue against us.    So do you agree with me that it is important to have a place where we can detain the worst of the worst, which takes them out of the fight, until such time as maybe they go before a military tribunal or in some way face justice and that that outweighs whatever propaganda effect the bad guys have, who will find something to criticize us for if they don't have that?    General Flynn. Yeah. Thank you for asking that question.    A couple of things. There are three ways to deal with a terrorist: You kill them, you capture them, or you turn them. And you work with these partner nations around the world. And the Saudis actually had a pretty effective program a few years back where they were turning them, dealing with their families and things like that. But those are the three ways to deal with a terrorist.    We say, and this gets back to the question on the AUMF. Because, right now, we are not capturing anybody. I mean, we might go out and detain somebody, you know, and it is work between the military and the FBI , like we did with this guy in Libya. But there are a lot of others out there that we probably would benefit from capturing.    I mean, we used to say, when I was in the special operations community, that had we not had the ability to professionally interrogate those that we captured, the high-value targets or the mid-value targets, we might as well take that Cadillac and bring it on home and park it in the garage. Because the capturing of individuals in this environment is actually, it is the best form of intelligence that you can get, period, bar none.    I have lived it. I have run those facilities, and we know how to do them very professionally because we learned a really ugly lesson, you know, over 10 years ago now. So you have to be able to do that.    Mr. Lamborn. Thank you.    Mr. Chairman, I yield back.    The Chairman. Mr. Cooper.    Oh, he is not here.    Ms. Graham.