    Mr. McGrath. Great. Chairman Forbes, thank you. Ranking Member Courtney, members of the subcommittee, thanks again for the opportunity to testify with you on a matter of importance to our Navy and to the Nation.    The discussion today revolves around game changers and innovations in the future of surface warfare. And I have a few of those in my written statement that I submitted. I'd love to answer some questions about them if you have them later.    Some of those game changers include--they flow almost all from the concept of Distributed Lethality which is something I know you have heard a lot about lately, including long-range surface-to-surface missile improvements, multi-source maritime targeting and tracking, real-time ISR vulnerability assessment, electromagnetic spectrum warfare and medium-altitude long-endurance UAVs .    But I think before we jump into the sort of tactical and operational stuff, I would like to elevate it back to some first things.    I realize no one was being glib when the title of this hearing was chosen, but I think it is important that we think about exactly what game it is that we are seeking to change.    And as we watch China reprise its ancient role of dominance in the East and we watch Russia exhibit its modern version of its historic geographic paranoia, we are confronted with the obvious reality of multi-polar, great-power competition.    This reality leads me to conclude that the game, for want of a better term, is conventional deterrence. This is a game for which I think the United States Navy is somewhat less prepared than I would like.    There are many reasons for this, and we can discuss them as you desire. Among them, however, is the accreted effects of decades without a competitor and the Navy's slow realization that this is no longer the case.    That this realization has occurred late is bad enough, but it is compounded by the impact of ruinous resource constraints.    The second issue, and what I would like to close on in this statement, is I think we have a little bit of a collective fascination with technology. Senior officials in the Defense Department will tell you with a straight face that the Third Offset Strategy is not all about technology and then commence a 40-minute discussion about the Third Offset Strategy that is all technology.    Offset strategies one and two occurred when the United States dominated the technology world worldwide. And even within the United States, technology was dominated by the government and by the military. Neither of those conditions applies today.    Technology has been commercialized and globalized. And trying to pull a rabbit out of the technology hat again is going to prove much more difficult this time. There is no substitute for the Nation spending what is required in order to see to its security and prosperity. There is no substitute for the time-honored contributions of stockpiled weapons, powerful, forward-deployed surface ships, combat-ready surge forces, and a robust industrial base.    There is no substitute for the psychology of conventional deterrence, which suggests to potential aggressors that not only is your aggression going to be punished, but it is likely to be unsuccessful.    I counsel against ignoring these simpler notions while we search for technological silver bullets. World leadership cannot be had on the cheap and we must decide whether we continue to value our position and role in the world and then resource it accordingly.    Thank you, and I look forward to your questions.    Mr. McGrath. The risks, your first question, Chairman Forbes, the surface leadership has been very clear from the beginning that job one remains high-value unit protection, that the anti-surface, anti-submarine, integrated air and missile defense capabilities that they provide to the strike group through the ships of the surface force cannot and will not be diminished.    But there are other surface ships in the war plans that are not necessarily allocated just to supporting high-value units. It is with these ships and hopefully in a future where we build more ships that Distributed Lethality will have its greatest impact.    The second question with respect to where you might shift your resources, long-range, surface-to-surface missiles, job one, the quicker the better, more pressure on the Navy rather than less. You don't get to tell them how to fight, but you can ask really hard questions and make them give really hard answers.    Why would we not harvest low-hanging fruit in order to take our longest-range, surface-to-surface weapon from approximately 70 miles to a thousand miles in 5 or 6 years? That seems to me like it is worth considering. That is turning the Tomahawk land-attack missile into a hybrid surface and land-attack missile.    So I would urge you to push hard on surface-to-surface missiles, and I would urge you to push hard on closing the grand fire control loop.    We have national technical means, we have UAVs, we have battle group assets, theater assets, fleet assets. All of these assets are creating data, taking measurements, information. We need to make sure that that data is fused and that fire control quality tracks are sent back out to the ships in a way that can be tactically useful and relevant.    We have all the pieces, they are just not very well connected yet. And you should make the Navy tell you how they are going to do that.    Mr. McGrath. Not at all.    Mr. McGrath. I have sort of a vignette for you. In March of 2014 when the Navy went up to the Naval War College to do the LCS war game that was directed by the Secretary of Defense when he first started to truncate the LCS program, they played the game in a manner in which at some point they gave the U.S. Navy side a medium-range, 130-or-so nautical mile, surface-to-surface missile and put it on the previously not-so-armed LCSs.    And they looked at the psychological difference between how the blue commander operated that force and then also how the red commander responded to that force.    And what was interesting about the blue commanders was those ships were no more capable of taking a punch than they previously were. They were capable only of delivering a punch more effectively at a longer range.    But what that did for the risk calculus in their minds was for them to say it is harder and he is going to pay a higher cost if he initiates conflict. Therefore, I can take more risk with my force. I think that is important.    Mr. McGrath. Sir, I think you and I are probably--I am probably a little bit older than you are.    Mr. McGrath. But we probably served as contemporaries. And I underwent the same nightmare that you did.    It is primarily a function of the way we buy and develop systems and the way we implement standards, technical standards. This ship, this version of this ship implements the Link 16 standard to this degree.    Mr. McGrath. The E-2C to this degree, the AWACS to this degree. Where there are implementation differences, there is mischief.    Mr. McGrath. And my ship shows the track as a neutral, yours shows it as an unknown, assumed friend. These are things that take operator time.    We work through that. I think you are seeing more integrated development, more adherence to standards, better what we used to call SIAP, one and only one track per object.    Mr. McGrath. Right, single integrated air picture. That sort of thinking is much more well-established in the fleet and in the joint force.    One of the things that really drove that was CEC .    Mr. McGrath. The Hawkeye, what you had were a bunch of nodes in the system who had the same exact computer algorithms in their combat systems.    Mr. McGrath. And they were sharing data so that they all reached the same conclusion. That is not the way it happens in most combat systems out there in the fleet and in the joint force. But within CEC, the Cooperative Engagement Capability developed in the early 1990s and worked out through the 1990s and 2000s. That is what we got to use during that time.    Mr. McGrath. You know, the more I hear it talked about, the more it seems like the surface guys are pushing on an open door.    I think there are some bureaucratic and budgetary rice-bowl issues. If we spend X amount of dollars on increasing the lethality of the surface force, those dollars have to come from somewhere, where will they come from, whose ox gets gored in that process?    So I think that would be--but you know, that is the Pentagon, you know, that is just overhead associated with the way that the Department is run. That sort of stuff gets worked through. It is pretty much an open door.    Mr. McGrath. I think it is accurate to a point. I think there are a whole slew of technologies and capabilities that are 7 years and in that the surface force could integrate that aren't--there is no magic involved, there is no, you know, leap of faith required.    There are leaps of faith in the 2030, 2040 force that we have to invest in S&T and R&D to get to. But a good, solid instantiation of Distributed Lethality in the 2025 timeframe is not a budget breaker.    Mr. McGrath. I don't think we need a whole new class of ship, we need to bring the integration costs down. The railgun is not a cheap capability. It is a wonderful capability and it is something that will and should join the fleet, but it is expensive.    And when you start to look at the trades and what you could get, what other things you could get, those trades sometimes look less attractive.    Mr. McGrath. And you would wind up spending less per shot than you would with a missile, that is for sure.    Mr. McGrath. And that, in the long run, it is hard to get organizations in the Department of Defense to think life cycle. They like to think acquisition and they like to think, you know, the budget that is in front of them like this.    But when you start to bring in those longer-range life cycle things, they make a compelling case for both lasers and the railgun.    Mr. McGrath. It is an expensive piece of gear to buy and integrate. Over the cost of operating it over 20 or 30 years, its per-shot versus a missile system is a great savings. And we have to think more like that. I am not saying that the railgun shouldn't be integrated. I am trying to give an idea of why it isn't happening faster.    Mr. McGrath. My personal view is that the railgun's greatest contribution is going to be in missile defense.    Mr. McGrath. You know, as a direct fire weapon from the sea, even at the energy levels that we are talking about and the biggest railgun that we are talking, I think we are talking about something like 200 miles.    Two hundred miles from a land target in some of these fights that we are talking about in the future is pretty close. So I would like the IMD , the missile defense, capability as fast as we can get it.    Mr. McGrath. The amphibious assault ships with the F-35B embarked are going to be incredible assets in the Navy and Marine Corps--the maritime fight.    That plane is a fantastic combat vehicle for doing a whole lot of things. It is not just air-to-mud. This stuff that it can do in terms of this anti-surface, integrated air and missile defense, there are all sorts of things that the Navy and the Marine Corps need to cooperate much more closely in order to get the benefits out of that to the warfight. They are thinking and working in that regard.    I think, and I have written pretty widely about this, it is not correct to think of the America class with F-35Bs as a substitute. And I am not saying you said this----    Mr. McGrath. It is a----    Mr. McGrath. It is an extender, a gap filler, it is a capability that we are going to get a whole lot more out of than we can get currently out of the AV-8Bs in that.    Mr. McGrath. I would like to thank Mr. Courtney, in his absence, for using the phrase ``hardening.'' The Air Force, when we talk about air bases we talk about hardening, hardening air bases, air bases that aren't going anywhere, they are just going to stay there.    We talk about survivability with respect to ships. And I think it levies a rhetorical weight upon the Navy that I am personally trying to change by using the word ``hardening,'' we want to harden the surface force, make it fight through damage and deliver more damage to the other guy. And I thank Mr. Courtney for using that word.