    Mr. Weber. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Madam Ambassador, you mentioned earlier the body bags, the boys going back to Russia. It had to be tough on them. Do you know what the body bag count, the numbers of soldiers they are losing?    Ambassador Nuland. It is not possible, Congressman, to have a final count because of what Russia has done to mask these numbers. As you know they have criminalized discussion of it inside Russia. They have threatened mothers and wives and family members with pensions.    Mr. Weber. Okay, so you don't know.    Ambassador Nuland. But the Ukrainians assert that it is at least 400, 500 people.    Mr. Weber. And if they check into it too deeply they will lose benefits.    Ambassador Nuland. Absolutely.    Mr. Weber. So what is the body count for Ukrainians?    Ambassador Nuland. As I said in my statement, close to 6,000 Ukrainians have lost their lives in this conflict.    Mr. Weber. So 6,000.    Ambassador Nuland. Or over 6,000, I believe.    Mr. Weber. How long do you think we have before Ukraine becomes another Crimea? It is annexed into Russia.    Ambassador Nuland. Well, as I said, Congressman, the entire thrust of our policy is to stop it where it is and roll it back if we possibly can. That is why we have been imposing these increasingly tough sanctions and you see the Russian economy suffering as a result, providing increasing amounts of security assistance albeit on the non-lethal side.    Mr. Weber. But the sanctions haven't stopped the body bags from flowing both directions have they?    Ambassador Nuland. They have not, and this is what we continue to try to seek is a full implementation of the commitments that Vladimir Putin himself just made less than 2 weeks ago in Minsk.    Mr. Weber. Do you trust him?    Ambassador Nuland. Trust is not a word I use in that connection, sir.    Mr. Weber. Okay, I think you are wise at least in that one regard. You said it is difficult for Russia to sustain their occupation of Crimea in your comments earlier.    Ambassador Nuland. I am sorry. I didn't say it was difficult for them to sustain it. I said they were hemorrhaging money. It is extremely expensive for them to sustain it.    Mr. Weber. Well, maybe that is part of our problem in Congress. That should be viewed as a difficulty. So they are hemorrhaging money. So you don't think that that makes it difficult for them to sustain their occupation?    Ambassador Nuland. Well, they still have as you know more than $300 billion in sovereign wealth. What they are doing now is using the money of the Russian people, the hard earned money that should go for their long-term protection to prop up this puppet annexation occupation.    Mr. Weber. So we have made it difficult for them to sustain their--you don't want to use the word ``difficult.'' You have made them spend money to sustain their occupation.    Ambassador Nuland. We are declining to invest in this territory that is now occupied, yes.    Mr. Weber. Okay, so they are spending a lot of money. How do we make it that difficult and more so for them to be in the Ukraine?    Ambassador Nuland. Well, as I said, as we continue to watch this implementation or nonimplementation of Minsk we are looking at the next range of sectoral sanctions either to deepen in the sectors where we already have sanctions--on the finance side, on the energy side, on the defense side--or to add sectors of the Russian economy that we----    Mr. Weber. Would you agree that we can make them hemorrhage money in Ukraine if we are destroying their tanks as they enter the country?    Ambassador Nuland. Well, they already have been hemorrhaging money on their weapons.    Mr. Weber. No, but that is not my question. If we are knocking out their tanks left and right, does that cost them a lot of money?    Ambassador Nuland. It certainly would be money down the rat hole for sure.    Mr. Weber. And we would rather them having body bags going back to Russia than we would have body bags on this side of the border. Is that accurate?    Ambassador Nuland. What we want is peace and an end to the body bags in any direction.    Mr. Weber. Do you think that Putin understands peace or do you think he understands force?    Ambassador Nuland. Again I am not going to get inside his head. It is not a place to be.    Mr. Weber. Okay. Well, fair enough. If you are married like I am sometimes it is difficult to get into your spouse's head. So let us put you over in the President's head then. Can I do that?    Ambassador Nuland. You are welcome to try, sir.    Mr. Weber. No, I think the comment is you are welcome to try. Is the President disengaged or not worried about this?    Ambassador Nuland. Absolutely not. The President has been the leader of this Ukraine policy. He has been enormously engaged. I have been in meetings with him where he was passionate----    Mr. Weber. He has 21 months left. How many more body bags have to take place in Ukraine before we send them lethal? And I will just call them lethal weapons. I hate the words ``defensive weapons.'' I mean a weapon is a weapon. So how long is it going to take? How many more body bags before we get in gear and make this decision? What do you think the President is thinking?    Ambassador Nuland. Again these are his decisions to make. We will certainly convey to him your concerns.    Mr. Weber. Okay, then your decision from my vantage point is what kind of pressure, what kind of information are you giving to the President? This is Mr. President we need to act.    Ambassador Nuland. Congressman, as I said a little bit earlier on in this hearing, I am going to take the same position that my Secretary took when he was here last week. The President has asked us for our advice. We have provided it to him, but I am going to keep that advice confidential for purposes of this hearing.