    Mr. Amodei. Thanks, Mr. Chairman. Madam Secretary, thank you for your reaching out. I also want to say a few months ago I would have thought maybe in speaking like Mr. Stewart did, this might be more fun for us than you. And I am thinking it is probably not much fun for anybody.    But I want to thank you for your leadership. You say why is this guy saying that? And, you know, we have been working on this issue since I got here, which seems like about 41 years ago instead of 41 months ago. And, you know, things have started in the intermountain West where you sit there and you take the facts. And I kind of want to go on the things change mentality where you take the facts, and go, wow, Secretarial order. It talks about the importance of suppression. It talks about the order of fuels management. It talks about the importance of habitat restoration. And I am thinking, that is pretty good. Head person at the Department of Interior. Yay, thank you from Nevada.    And you say, why is that? Because Nevada is a State, as you well know--you indicated in your testimony yesterday--87 percent owned by the Federal government, not all by the Department of Interior, but a lot of it. And you say, why do we have a habitat problem? We have a habitat problem because our indication from the BLM is that we have burned between six to seven million acres in the last 20 years, not that it's anybody's fault, but that is just the fact. That is a lot of acreage. You start out with 56 million, and we have burned six or seven million. And so, you sit there and go, we got to address fire. And so, you have done that, and I appreciate that.    But when Chris talks about things changing, we sit there, and Neil the Director of BLM and his folks are modifying their Resource Management plans and all, great. But I am sitting here going, the number one threat, and I do not think there is much argument about it, is catastrophic wildland fire. And so, when I sit there and I look at things like we have to limit or prohibit surface disturbance, and the map focuses on these three million acres, I sit there and go, so we ask BLM, how many acres have those district managers and those Forest Service district rangers permitted for anything in the last 20 years? A couple hundred thousand, mining, recreation, etc.    And I go, okay, that is well and good. But when I look at those threats and I see Director Ashe's people going we need to exclude this from these three million acres, I go, you know what? If that would solve the problem, if that would stop the lightning from striking, if that would stop the moisture from being low, if that would stop the wind from blowing, then let's do that. But I try to connect the dots on that stuff, and I go absolutely you should manage those manmade things. But the primary thing, if I am saving priority habitat is I need stop the primary threat first. Thank you for acknowledging and concentrating on that.    So my first question is, do you have any influence with the folks at Fish and Wildlife Service in terms of secretarial order? Before you answer, guess what Exhibit A is going to be when I talk to Dan? Hey, Dan, that Sally person that is a few floors above you seems to think that fire is pretty important, and she is talking about restoration, and she is talking about fuels management. And the reason that is important is because nobody wants to continue to lose habitat, and that is going to stop the major source of habitat fragmentation.    And so, when you deal with that directly, I think that is a pretty strong fact for those guys in Fish to go, you are right. And I like your word ``unprecedented.'' So how is communications going with Fish on fire?    Mr. Amodei. Good.    Mr. Amodei. And I would agree, and I appreciate that. I think the point that I would like to make in closing is this. I think your BLM district manager and your Forest Service rangers historically have done a pretty good job. We have almost no sheep left. Cows are down 20 percent for reasons that are not really much to do with you folks, other stuff. But when we sit there and you hear about things from other districts about things change, and it is like, listen, there has been a lot of money spent in Nevada on mapping. That is a good thing. We need to know where the resources are.    So when you go from COT to Fish and Wildlife to coates, and then a map comes out with three million acres that is kind of on the Idaho-Oregon-Nevada border, this three million acres is critical. You are like, listen, I do not know whether it is or it is not, but it is a little late in the process to be going to a new map that is offered by Fish when the State spent $800,000 to create their own.    So, now to Dan's credit, in the meeting we had a little while ago he says, hey, we are coates. But when you look at non-Federal habitat, a bunch of stuff has come up in the last 90 days where you are going where has this data been for the last 3 years? So I would just ask that you continue to show leadership and allow everything to be on the table, but we have to show some leadership in terms of where the threats are, and be transparent in our processes in terms of where something comes up.    Thank you for your access and for the access of your staff. It has helped us to try to focus on the facts, and we look forward to working with you.