    Mr. DOLD. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And now, I too want to thank the panel. And I just want to pick up where my friend Mr. Reed was. And we need to break this cycle of poverty. And frankly, the most effective thing that we can do for someone that's in poverty is find a job. And I come from a district in Northern Illinois. And we are a heavy manufacturing district. And I can tell you time and again, the number of employers that say, ``I've got good jobs available. I can't find people qualified to take those jobs.''    Mr. Wilson, you were talking about the idea that a quality education is the key in this process. And yet we need to make sure that those people get a chance to be educated. One of the things that I'm working on here in the Congress is a pilot program to make sure that employers that are doing this training program, perhaps maybe the government pays half the salary to kind of offset that training mechanism. And idea, so that the employer--or the employee has a chance to prove themselves. Mr. Brame, I'm fascinated by what Cascade Engineering is doing, and want to applaud you for it.    Mr. DOLD. What's the secret sauce that Joyce has? Joyce is, she's the person that DHS, that's been hired----    Mr. DOLD . By Cascade?    Mr. DOLD. That's embedded in the company?    Mr. DOLD. What is she doing that's different than an HR manager?    Mr. DOLD. Mr. Brame, you're hitting on incredible issues that employers are trying to deal with right now. So she can go ahead and do these types of things. So the people that are watching this hearing right now from around the country, employers that are watching, they want to know what is it that they can do? How can they replicate this? Because we want to be able to knock down barriers for those people to be able to see success in the workplace. How are they able to do it?    Mr. DOLD. Ms. Larrea, again, you talked about work encourages work, or work teaches work, and assistance teaches assistance. And the biggest thing to breaking that cycle of poverty you said was early childhood development. How early do we need to go?    Mr. DOLD. Zero to three. Okay. So early childhood education and an investment, Head Start education. And which, again, I was pleased to see the Congress do, certainly during the budget, an increase in Head Start, I think of 570 million dollars this year. One of the things that I'm interested in, would be interested in your take--there's a high school that is doing things outside of the box back in my district. It's Crystal Ray School in Wakegan. And they require their students, freshmen through senior in high school, to actually work one day out in the workforce.    So a company like Cascade Engineering might say, ``I'm willing to hire one.'' And when they say they're willing to hire one, that means they get a freshman, a sophomore, a junior and a senior, and then one of them will rotate back on the fifth day.    Now, what that teaches them is not only does it give them work ethic, not only do they have mentors in that new place of employment, but it gives them an enormous leg up when it comes time to going into the workforce. Are you experiencing anything like that down in Dallas?    Mr. DOLD. How can we better do that, in terms of creating that environment where we can get more people into the workforce? Ms. Doucet, do you have an idea on that?    Mr. DOLD. Ms. Larrea, I want to go back to you for a second. One of the things that I hear from a lot of folks is again, that they had an issue with the law, they're having a tough time even breaking through that first interview. What have you been able to do down in Dallas to be able to help those? Because again, they might have made a bad decision. We want to make sure they can get back on their feet. How do we best enable and help them?    Mr. DOLD. Great. Thank you so much. My time's expired.