    Mr. Barletta. The committee will come to order. Good morning.    Border security is a fundamental responsibility of the Federal Government because we must protect both our national security and the American worker. This makes border stations critical to our Nation's security and our economy.The purpose of today's hearing is to review major capital projects at our Nation's border stations and examine how we can use non-Federal and private dollars that are sitting on the sidelines to jumpstart projects to help meet these infrastructure needs.    It is important that the men and women who guard our border have the resources that they need to better enforce our existing immigration and trade laws.    There are 167 land ports of entry, also known as border stations, that, according to GSA, see roughly $2 billion in trade crossings; 350,000 vehicles; 135,000 pedestrians, and 30,000 trucks daily. These land ports of entry are important to our national security, as they serve as a line of defense against those who would enter this country illegally and with the intent of attacking our homeland.    However, the cost of maintaining and modernizing our land ports of entry is not cheap. Projects recently completed or underway in recent years have totaled $1.5 billion. And these costs don't include equipping and staffing these border stations. That is why I worked to help craft language enacted in the fiscal year 2014 appropriations bill to establish a pilot program for public-private partnerships.    This pilot program allows for non-Federal donations of real property and equipment at owned border stations to help reduce costs to the taxpayer. More recently, language further refining this program was included as part of H.R. 3586, the Border and Maritime Coordination Improvement Act.    The intent of this pilot program is not to replace the Federal responsibility of constructing and maintaining these critical facilities. To be clear, making sure that we have the infrastructure and tools in place to enforce immigration and trade laws is a Federal responsibility. Rather, the intent is to provide additional tools to GSA and CBP to work with State, local, and private sector partners to help temporarily address the funding gaps.    Potential donations under the pilot should not be used to replace our Federal responsibility or to circumvent our process of appropriately identifying priorities and needs. Donations, whether they be of real property or equipment, are not free. Generally, acquisition costs are only a portion of the total cost of an asset.    Each project considered under the pilot program should be limited in scope and be carefully reviewed to ensure it fits with our national priorities and that the costs associated with ongoing maintenance and upkeep are assessed to protect the taxpayer from picking up an unexpected bill down the road.    While CBP owns 42 percent of the owned stations, GSA owns and manages all of the largest and most heavily used border stations. The size and complexity of these facilities vary widely and include facilities with traffic as little as two vehicles a day and 3,000-square-foot buildings, to large complexes that see thousands of vehicles and house a multitude of Federal agencies, including CBP, ICE, Agriculture, CDC, and the FDA.    Unfortunately, many of these border stations have not kept up with new technologies, threats, and traffic. We must ensure that we can effectively screen people and goods to protect our Nation's security and commerce, but at the same time facilitate the movement of legitimate traffic and goods. This is a tough balance, and the facilities and related infrastructure managed by GSA and CBP are critical to this mission.    Without proper facilities, new technologies like biometric entry and exit systems that better screen people and vehicles cannot be effectively deployed. Without space for all the key agencies to operate, commerce may be slowed, hurting American businesses and killing job opportunities.    Today, I am pleased to have GSA and CBP, as well as private and local representatives here with us today. We want to know the status of projects that we have authorized, what are the future needs and priorities, and how public-private partnerships could be effectively used to help temporarily fill any gaps. I hope we can get answers to these and other questions today. I look forward to hearing from our witnesses today, and I want to thank you.    And I now call on the ranking member of the subcommittee, Mr. Carson, for his opening statement.    Mr. Barletta. Thank you. On our first panel today we have Mr. Michael Gelber, Deputy Commissioner, Public Buildings Service of General Services Administration; and Mr. Eugene Schied, Assistant Commissioner, Office of Administration, United States Customs and Border Protection.    I ask unanimous consent that our witnesses' full statements be included in the record.    Mr. Barletta. Without objection, so ordered.    Each of you is now recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. Gelber, you may proceed.    Mr. Barletta. Thank you for your testimony.    Mr. Schied, you may proceed.    Mr. Barletta. Thank you for your testimony. I will now begin the first round of questions limited to 5 minutes for each Member. If there are any additional questions following the first round, we will have additional rounds of questions, as needed.    Mr. Gelber, we have authorized projects valued at nearly $1.5 billion in recent years, with some of those projects being for--that's 30 years before. On some of the major projects, Calexico, San Ysidro, and Alexandria Bay, can you give us a summary of where you are with those projects and will additional authorizations be required?    Mr. Barletta. Thank you. Mr. Schied, as major expansions and improvements come online at some of the busiest border stations, is CBP able to keep pace, from an equipment and staffing standpoint? And how does CBP ensure the infrastructure we are building will actually be fully staffed and equipped?    Mr. Barletta. Thank you. Mr. Gelber, you highlight in your testimony the importance of alternative resources such as donations from non-Federal and private sources. But, as you point out, donations are not free. How does GSA evaluate the total cost of a real property donation to determine if it makes sense for the taxpayer?    Mr. Barletta. And this is for both Mr. Gelber and Mr. Schied.    Language pending as part of the Border and Maritime Coordination Improvement Act makes clear the donations can only occur on a targeted, limited basis, limiting the total value of donations to $50 million. Because there are costs of maintaining and operating donations, P3s should not be viewed as a replacement to the Federal responsibilities.    Can you talk about what you are doing to ensure there are proper limitations on the use of the donations?    Mr. Barletta. Thank you. I will recognize Ranking Member Carson.    Mr. Barletta. Thank you. The Chair recognizes Mr. Costello for 5 minutes.    Mr. Barletta. I want to thank both of you for your testimony today. Your comments have been helpful to today's discussion, and we will now move on to our second panel.    Mr. Barletta. Thank you. On our second panel today we have Mr. Gary Gallegos, executive director, San Diego Association of Governments and also representing the Coalition for America's Gateways and Trade Corridors; and Mr. Sam Vale, chair of Public Policy Committee, Border Trade Alliance.    I ask unanimous consent that our witnesses' full statements be included in the record.    Mr. Barletta. Without objection, so ordered. Each of you is now recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Gallegos, you may proceed.    Mr. Barletta. Thank you for your testimony.    Mr. Vale, you may proceed.    Mr. Barletta. Thank you for your testimony. I will now begin the first round of questions limited to 5 minutes for each Member. If there are additional questions following the first round we will have additional rounds, as needed. I will start.    Mr. Gallegos, the committee has authorized a three-phase project at San Ysidro port of entry. How will these improvements, when fully implemented, help address the capacity issues at that border station?    I went down, actually, to see the station. So how will it address that?    Mr. Barletta. Yes, thank you.    Mr. Vale, as you point out in your testimony, even if we build the needed infrastructure, without the ability of CBP to staff and equipment for the facility, we are not going to see much improvement.    How critical is it that solutions to staffing and equipment be identified as GSA and CBP evaluate their priorities for infrastructure needs?    Mr. Barletta. Mr. Vale, you offer some important suggestions and notes of caution in your testimony when it comes to private donations. You suggest the more nimble and focused approach for the P3 program, and caution us about ongoing financial commitments that may not be apparent in donated property.    How do you think the process can be more streamlined in evaluating potential P3s?    Mr. Barletta. Thank you. And I recognize Ranking Member Carson.    Mr. Barletta. Thank you.    Mr. Vale, you expressed deep concerns about the proposed new bridge and border crossing in Detroit going forward without congressional appropriations. I also have concerns. And the House limited the donation program. To be clear, it cannot be used for this project.    This crossing and bridge is estimated to cost several billion dollars and require 100 or more CBP staff. Where will they come from? And how could this impact other crossings on the northern and southern border?    Mr. Barletta. Well, I want to thank you both for your testimony today. Your comments have been helpful in our discussion. If there are no further questions, I would ask unanimous consent that the record of today's hearing remain open until such times as our witnesses have provided answers to any questions that may be submitted to them in writing, and unanimous consent that the record remain open for 15 days for any additional comments and information submitted by Members or witnesses to be included in the record of today's hearing.    Mr. Barletta. Without objection, so ordered.    I would like to thank our witnesses again for their testimony today. If no other Members have anything to add, this subcommittee stands adjourned.