    Mr. Bishop. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Thank you, Madam Secretary, for your testimony this morning.    On February 19, as part of the Fiscal Year 2017 Medicare Advantage Rate Notice, CMS proposed a cut to Medicare Advantage employer group waiver plans, otherwise known as Medicare Advantage retiree coverage, 3.3 million seniors received their Medicare Advantage coverage through this plan.    In fact, in Michigan alone, there are more than 300,000 retirees, including labor unions, State and local government, and private employer retirees who rely on Medicare Advantage retiree coverage.    These proposed cuts would jeopardize the high quality care that they depend on for their health and financial security. That is why, last week, my colleague, Representative Debbie Dingell, and I, led a bipartisan Michigan delegation letter that included 11 of our colleagues in Michigan, to raise concerns with regard to the impact these proposed cuts would have on our constituents, and we also urged the agency to remove the cut to the Medicare Advantage retiree coverage from the final rate notice.    Earlier this month, the UAW Retiree Medical Benefits Trust, which provides health coverage to retirees and their dependents of the United Auto Workers Union, who formerly worked for the Michigan Big Three (GM, Ford, and Chrysler) submitted comments to CMS expressing concerns with CMS' proposed cuts to Medicare Advantage retiree coverage and the impact these cuts would have on their retirees.    The Trust currently provides coverage to 719,000 people. Of this population, 534,000 are covered by Medicare. The Trust offers their retirees a choice of plans in which they can enroll. At the present time, 161,000 of these retirees have selected and are covered by Medicare Advantage plans.    In comments submitted to CMS, the UAW Retiree Medical Benefits Trust expressed concerns that the proposed cuts to Medicare Advantage retiree coverage might result in diminishing the quality of care available to retirees and the proposal would lead to substantial reduction in payment to employer group waiver plans, thereby resulting in premium increases and/or benefit reductions.    This leads me to my question. I did send you this letter, and I appreciate the fact that you have acknowledged receipt of that letter. Thank you very much for that.    Having said what I just said, and the grave concerns they represent to in particular my constituents in the State of Michigan, can you tell me whether or not CMS considered the impact the cuts to the Medicare Advantage retiree coverage would have on the 3.3 million seniors who depend on this form of coverage when developing the Advanced Notice?    Mr. Bishop. Have you responded to the UAW's concerns?    Mr. Bishop. Thank you, Madam Secretary. I yield back.