    Ms. Biswal. Mr. Chairman, thank you very much. Ranking Member Sherman, thank you very much for the invitation to testify today. And I would ask that my full written statement be submitted for the record so that I may summarize.    Ms. Biswal. As you know, Mr. Chairman, I spent the formative years of my career working as a professional staff member on this committee, and so, it has instilled in me a longstanding respect for the important role of Congress in our foreign policy, and it is an honor and a pleasure to be here before the committee.    It is also a deep pleasure to be here with my good friend and former House colleague, John Stivers. John and I just returned from Bangladesh, and we were there in the aftermath of the terrorist attacks on Xulhaz Mannan. And I want to thank both of you and the committee for the strong support of USAID, the U.S. Embassy in the condemnation of that heinous act. I do believe that to so many--Xulhaz' death reminds us of the risks that our diplomats and development professionals face, and it is important to honor their sacrifices. And, again, I thank you for your strong support in that vein.    Mr. Chairman, as you noted, South Asia is at a pivotal point in its development. It is on the cusp of a new era of opportunity, but it is also buffeted by stark challenges, as both of you have noted. A strong U.S. partnership with the region is critical to addressing global issues of the utmost importance, mitigating climate change, combating violent extremism, ensuring maritime security, eradicating disease, decreasing poverty, and so much more, as well as unleashing a new era of opportunity of growth and of shared prosperity.    With India, our diplomatic economic and defense partnership is broader and deeper than ever before. As reflected in the strategic and commercial dialogue and our trilateral and multilateral engagements with India, including the administerial with U.S., India, and Japan. The fact that we have had an unprecedented six leader-level visits and meetings in the last 2\1/2\ years, we are India's number one partner in military exercises, its leading defense supplier, and our commercial ties continue to expand, even as we explore new opportunities to further increase our bilateral trade.    In Bangladesh, we are investing in a key strategic partner in both regional and global challenges, such as climate change, food security, reducing poverty, advancing health, and peacekeeping, and many challenges remain in this dynamic country, despite remarkable progress in many of these areas.    One-third of Bangladeshis still live in poverty. Its geography makes it susceptible to the impacts of climate change, and adequate protections for workers are still very much a work in progress.    Yet, as both of you noted, many of the gains that Bangladesh has made in human development and economic growth risk being undermined by escalating extremism violence. As I noted, the recent slaying of Xulhaz Mannan, a respected and admired advocate for human rights, has shined an international spotlight on the increasing threat to Bangladesh's diverse and tolerant society.    During our visit, John and I underscored Secretary Kerry's message to the government and to the Prime Minister and the people of Bangladesh that the United States will work with them in this fight against violent extremism, and that during a time of such challenge, it is all the more important to respect the rule of law, political rights, and the ability for Bangladeshis to be able to speak freely.    But Bangladesh has a history of overcoming difficult challenges, and we are hopeful that with determined partnership, we can also help Bangladesh defeat the extremists and terrorists that threaten their vibrant society.    For Sri Lanka, the country's strategic position in the Indian Ocean makes it a key player in regional efforts to ensure maritime security to protect freedom of navigation and response to national disasters. Our bilateral relationship, as you have noted, has been transformed over the past year, thanks to a unity government led by a President and Prime Minister that are committed to reforms that can benefit all Sri Lankans. We recently launched the first U.S.-Sri Lanka partnership dialogue, and continue to look for opportunities to expand our partnership.    In Nepal, we continue to help the country recover from a tragic earthquake that struck in April of last year to ensure that the development gains from 60 years of partnership with Nepal are not lost. It is critical that we continue to support that massive reconstruction effort.    And, finally, given time constraints, I will refer you to my written testimony for Maldives and Bhutan, but we share the concern that on Maldives, that deteriorating democratic space in Maldives creates a breeding ground for extremism, and we are determined to work with partners and friends in the region and across the commonwealth to ensure that we can support the aspirations of the Maldivian people for a democratic society.    Finally, let me just conclude by recognizing that the rebalance to Asia, that the President has put as one of the centerpieces of his foreign policy, is fundamentally a recognition that the security and the prosperity of the American people is inextricably linked with the security and prosperity of Asia, and nowhere is that more evident than in the South Asia region. And we look forward to continued engagement with the important countries and people of that region.    Thank you. I look forward to your questions.    Ms. Biswal. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Let me first thank you and commend and welcome the leadership that you and many of your colleagues have shown on the U.S.-India relationship and the ambition that you have injected into that partnership in terms of where you would like to see it go. I think that that has been an important voice, and it has been much noted and appreciated.    I do think that as you noted, that the President has welcomed India's interest in APEC. I think that the size of the Indian economy makes it one that we want to engage with, and engage with in an ambitious but constructive way.    There are a multiplicity of views with respect to India's entry into APEC. And largely, the conversation is around better understanding India's desire for membership in APEC, and India's approach and philosophy as it comes into a largely economically focused body on important issues of open free and fair trade. And I think that those are conversations that are ongoing in the administration with the administration and the Government of India, and I think that those conversations will help chart the path for how to move forward on India's interests. India's interests is one that I think we welcome strongly, and I certainly heard that not only from our President, but from across all levels of our Government.    With respect to the bilateral investment treaty, we have long maintained that a high standard bilateral investment treaty between our two countries would greatly advance and facilitate additional American investment into India and would create a level playing field for American companies and for American investment so that there are the necessary safeguards and protections for that investment, and I think that that will go a great deal toward enhancing confidence in--amongst investors in India's economy and will facilitate greater investment flows.    We are already starting to see that U.S. investment is starting to flow toward India, and, in fact, India became--surpassed China as the largest destination for some segments of American investment, and we are likely to see that trend continue.    We are in the midst of discussions on the bilateral investment treaty to ensure that there is a firm commitment on both sides to be able to address some of the areas of discrepancy between India's model BIT and what we see as a high standard investment treaty, and we are hopeful and confident that those discussions can lead to the formal launching of negotiations.    Ms. Biswal. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    First of all, let me start off by saying we have a very important relationship between the United States and India. And we also have a very important relationship between the United States and Pakistan. Each relationship stands on its own merits, and is in furtherance of our goals and interests with both countries, and we don't see them in any way as being zero sum.    The F-16 platform is one that we have felt has been used successfully in combating terrorism, and that has been the basis on which the administration put forward the notification to provide an additional eight F-16s. However, we understand the very serious concerns that have been raised by Congress, and those concerns are right now being taken into consideration. And, so, I don't have an update for you on--with respect to that notification and where it goes, but I will say that we have recognized the concerns that Congress has raised with us.    Ms. Biswal. Thank you, Mr. Sherman.    Ms. Biswal. Thank you, Mr. Sherman----    Ms. Biswal. Congressman, we do do a great deal of commercial advocacy on behalf of American companies to ensure that U.S. companies are----    Ms. Biswal. So we have seen a dramatic increase in defense sales to India----    Ms. Biswal. On the civilian planes, I will have to get back to you----    Ms. Biswal . On a response on that. But I know we have seen some major defense and transportation infrastructure projects where American companies have one, including GE, locomotive, including a number of defense contracts with Lockheed, with Raytheon, with Boeing and so on.    Ms. Biswal. Congressman, I would say that one of the areas where we have been able to have significant breakthroughs is on the civil nuclear cooperation. We have seen, in the past year and a half, significant progress with respect to India's establishment that its liabilities laws are compliant with the international convention on supplementary compensation. India has now ratified, and is now a member of the international convention on supplementary compensation. India has established an insurance pool that--that, again----    Ms. Biswal. I think each individual company, at this point, has to make its own commercial decision in terms of risk and in terms of opportunity, and I think we are starting to see companies making those decisions individually. Some are further along down that road than others, but it is largely, at this point, a commercial decision. And we stand ready, through the U.S. Government, through our financing bodies, like the Ex-Im Bank, to support that.    Ms. Biswal. That is correct. We do believe now that they have a test that they meet those.    Ms. Biswal. Congressman, I understand the gist of your question. I think the reason why you are not getting the clarity in the answer that you want is because we haven't yet determined, in the Fiscal Year 2017 funds, how much out of OCO we will be able to put toward Nepal, because of all of the other contingencies and exigencies that are also right now under discussion.    When we have a clarity of how much of the Nepal recovery and reconstruction we will be able to accomplish this year, we will be able to make a determination if in Fiscal Year 2018, we will need to pursue that or not. But it is a very finite and limited use of OCO for--for, essentially, this earthquake recovery and reconstruction. And we hope to be able to have clarity for you as we get a better determination of how much we will be able to do out of the 2017 funds that Congress provided if we are going to need to pursue any additional in the outyear.    Ms. Biswal. I would--I am sorry. And I misspoke, it is the Fiscal Year 2016 appropriation, which is right now with us, where we are trying to make a determination. So the combination of what we are able to realize in 2016 with what we have requested in 2017 will, I think, determine whether, if we need to pursue anything else in 2018 or not. And we hope to be able to give you some clarity on that. Those are conversations that we are very much in the midst of right now in the administration looking at some of the other contingencies that we are trying to address, and these are also conversations that we are very much having with the appropriators to also understand their priorities, Congress' priorities, with respect to the use of OCO.    Ms. Biswal. Thank you very much, Congresswoman.    We have multiple sets of issues that we are concerned about in our tracking with respect to the Maldives. Certainly, the fact that there is such a high per capita ratio of foreign fighters being recruited out of the Maldives is a mounting concern. The fact that the governance environment continues to deteriorate, that there continue to be politically motivated arrests and trials, and that the democratic space has been consistently deteriorating has, we think, contributed to a greater--creating a more fertile field for recruitment of extremist organizations.    And we have maintained over the years, and continue to maintain programs that are targeting combating terrorism and engaging with civilian and security forces on specific concerns with respect to trafficking of narcotics, of persons, and of financing that can make its way toward terrorist organizations at the same time that we are working both in our bilateral engagement, and with our regional and commonwealth partners to try to address the governance environment to see if we can't bring enough pressure and partnership to bear on trying to address some of the grave concerns with respect to the governance challenges.    Now, I will confess that there is rising frustration in civil society, in the human rights community, and in the international community about the lack of progress from the Government of the Maldives, and I do recognize that there have been increasing calls for stronger actions with that regard, including actions, many of who have been calling for sanctions, or travel bans, or visa bans, to try to exert more pressure in that direction.    Ms. Biswal. If I may add to what John has said. This is, obviously, an area of mounting concern for us and was the focus of our meetings and conversations with the government we met with not only foreign ministry, but home ministry and law enforcement officials, and we met with the Prime Minister to discuss what we could do in terms of both providing support and partnership, and strengthening the capacity and the ability of the government of law enforcement to, one, protect vulnerable communities and prevent acts of terror; but then, two, to investigate and hold people accountable when there is violence. And this is incredibly important that there be a very focused effort to fully investigate and bring people to justice when there are attacks of this nature, and how we can be supportive in that context.    We also talked about the need for us to work with civil society organizations to ensure that they also have access to tools and training and information with respect to their own security. And so there is an effort underway right now from the United States to see what more we can bring to bear in terms of tools, technology, and resources. We have got a team heading out this week with my Deputy Ambassador, Bill Todd, who formally served as the Assistant Secretary in INL, but he is going along with a team from the counterterrorism bureau, from the CSO office, and others. And quite frankly, we expect that we will be engaging in a fairly intensive effort in the weeks and months to come to see how we can further strengthen efforts to secure vulnerable populations, and to turn the tide on extremism and terrorism in Bangladesh.    Ms. Biswal. Thank you, Congressman. Let me say that there has been a sea change between what the environment and the perception was in Sri Lanka amongst the Tamil and other minority populations in Sri Lanka, prior to the January 8, 2015 election, and what has been the feeling, the perception, and the reality since then. Now it is and continues to be a work in progress. There are many, many areas where we want to see more actions and more progress, but we do see a commitment and a steady sense of actions from the government, including on the return of land.    Over 3,400 acres of land have been returned from military to the original landowners. We have seen the government take steps to start looking at constitutional reform by convening its Parliament as a constitutional assembly. We have seen, for the first time, a Tamil leader named as the opposition leader in Parliament.    In May, the U.N. Special Rapporteurs on Judicial Independence and Torture were welcomed into Sri Lanka, both of whom were denied entry by the previous government. And the government has shown itself willing to examine both the progress and the shortcomings, and to engage in an honest and open dialogue on what it needs to do. We need to see some more progress on things like the establishment of a commission on missing persons. We would like to see them take a look at their Prevention of Terrorism Act and to see how it can revised or reformed in light of changing circumstances on the ground, so that civil liberties can be ensured, and many other things that I think we would like to see greater progress on, but we are encouraged by the fact that there seems to be a commitment to move forward.    Ms. Biswal. Thank you, Congressman. With respect to the elections, my understanding is that the next elections would take place in 2019. I have not heard any indication that there would be an earlier timetable in terms of when the term is set to expire. We do continue to urge that there be a more inclusive political process and that the democratic space in the country be expanded to allow for peaceful political activity. There has been a history of political violence in Bangladesh, including a particular spate of political violence in 2015, which was of concern, and we have noted it both publicly and privately in our conversations with political parties.    So I think that that is going to continue to be a space that we need to engage on and to continue to bring to bear some pressure to see some additional progress on political inclusion in Bangladesh, but also a respect for a violence-free space in politics in Bangladesh.    And finally, with respect to the rising incidences, and the frequency of incidences of violence, of extremist violence, in Bangladesh, I think that that is something we are seeing action and focus from the government on, and that is something that I think we want to try to, again, further capacitate.    So I did not mean to convey that the Government of Bangladesh is not seized with the problem. I do believe that they are. I believe that the Prime Minister was very clear in her determination to try to address this. I think we can bring to bear, through our partnership, greater capacity and greater focus on that.    Ms. Biswal. Sure. But let me just make one observation on the issue of the OCO before I talk about the diplomatic engagement on Nepal's recovery effort. We recognize that OCO is not for addressing kind of the long-term development needs, but for addressing exigent circumstances, and the earthquake was certainly an exigent circumstance. And the bipartisan budget agreement----    Ms. Biswal. Exactly. And we recognized and I think Congress recognized in the budget agreement by expanding OCO funds. So that was putting the earthquake reconstruction in under OCO was, in a sense, respecting the direction that we received from Congress in terms of how and where to use OCO, and we hope to be able to revert to a longstanding, regular development program in the base as soon as possible. We want to address the exigent circumstances of the reconstruction and recovery as quickly as possible.