    Ms. Duckworth. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And General Dempsey, I join my colleagues in sending you warm wishes your way and thanking you for your many, many years of serving our great Nation.    Mr. McCord, I would like to chat with you a little bit about the proposed budget that is upcoming. The House Budget Committee chairman has proposed boosting the fiscal year 2016 defense budget with an increase of OCO allocation. Is an OCO dollar just as useful for the Department as a base budget dollar? In other words, should there be limitations on OCO funding that Congress needs to be mindful of?    Ms. Duckworth. So if you had your druthers, you would rather have that--those dollars be in the regular budget as opposed to OCO funding? Is that correct? Mr. Secretary, do you want to speak to that?    Ms. Duckworth. General Dempsey, do you want to speak to that and perhaps its effect on readiness?    General Dempsey. Well, as you know, we have been trying to dig out of a readiness hole. We said 3 or 4 years ago that if the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan ended then, it would take us 3 or 4 years to recover our readiness. Because we were ready for 10 years for a particular kind of conflict, which you know better than most. And so we had to kind of recapture our credentials for other kinds of military missions, to include high-end.    And sequestration when it hit us last time, readiness tends to suffer a deeper impact because you have to go get the money where you can get it. And you can't--in some cases, you can't get it in manpower. You can't shed it quickly enough. You can't shed excess infrastructure quickly enough. You sometimes can't terminate contracts because of the penalties involved.    You end up taking more than you should out of readiness. So, yes, I do think readiness always suffers more than we think.    Ms. Duckworth. Thank you.    Mr. Secretary, I, you know, I share the concerns of my colleagues and other defense officials in terms of the detriment of sequestration. But I also am interested in implications for money that is also spent in wasteful and inefficient ways. Specifically, I am thinking about the fact that we really don't know the kind of money that we are spending when it comes to service contractors. And there is still yet to be enterprise-wide contract manpower reporting application in DOD. Under your own documentation, I believe the goal was to have 95 compliance by 2018. I don't think you are probably going to make that goal.    So despite the numerous commitments from senior-level DOD officials, can you tell me when you will re-start work on the ECMRA ; when you are going to use accepted Army methodology; and when will you be insisting on compliance from the components and agencies to ensure that inventory is used to inform and review decision-makings on taxpayer dollars spend in the Department?    Ms. Duckworth. That is fine.    Ms. Duckworth. Right. And I will give you that--or the question for answering on the record.    Ms. Duckworth. Thank you.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    The Chairman. Thank you.    Mr. Turner.