    Mr. Yoho. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And I appreciate you all being here. And, Dr. Heithaus, I appreciate you being a fellow Floridian and doing the research you guys do.    Working off Congressman Moolenaar here, aside from the communications on the success of ag research, how do you believe we can help elevate the importance of ag research? You guys are doing incredible research. I mean it is phenomenal. I look at what we have done in Florida, like on the Papaya Ringspot Virus. It was done over 10 years ago but yet we haven't been able to market it because of the threat of GMO. And, to do the research is great, but if we can't market that--I would like to hear from you guys. What are your thoughts on how we can do that better, because we are constantly being bombarded, and there is a lot of false science out there and a lot of fear, and, of course, there are people that are fueling that, and it is crippling the end-use of what you guys have created. So I will start with you, Dr. Heithaus.    Mr. Yoho. Dr. Moyer, did you want to weigh-in on that?    Mr. Yoho. I agree. And it needs to be a concerted effort that when a new product comes out, we need to blast that throughout the media and not have a television personality coming out and saying, ``Oh, this is bad,'' and it just starts. Dr. Hauser?    Mr. Yoho. Well, and you bring up a good point there because last week, we had a discussion on the Freedom of Information Act----    Mr. Yoho. Right.    Dr. Lacy.--whether they had the disease----    Mr. Yoho. If they are a carrier or not----    Dr. Lacy.--or whether they just have the----    Mr. Yoho.--yes.    Dr. Lacy.--antibodies from the vaccine. So there is work going on to try to be able to show that, okay, this chicken is protected from avian influenza but it is not because it had avian influenza.    Mr. Yoho. Okay. And, Dr. Brashears, I just wanted to give you a shout-out for your great research on probiotics. I mean it has been--it has changed the whole industry and I commend you for doing that, especially cutting down the E. coli., the incidents with 90 percent in humans, it dropped it down to about \1/2\ as far as infection. So I thank you for your research. And if the Chairman will let you respond, that would be great. Nothing like being put on the spot. And if not, I am sure he will later.    The Chairman. Go ahead. Make it quick. I will----    Mr. Yoho. Yes.    Dr. Brashears.--from each step. And that is the importance of taking a farm-to-table approach, whether it be with an animal product or a fruit and vegetable product, every segment of the industry counts with regard to reducing the risk, all the way down to the consumer. And we have to get that information to the consumer so that they know how to properly handle foods, and to ensure public health. But thank you. We have done a lot of work in that. Like I said, it is commercialized and we are very happy with the outcome of that research.    Mr. Yoho. Thank you. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    The Chairman. Thank you, Dr. Brashears. My colleague, Mr. Yoho, takes advantage of our niceness all the time. No, no problem, Ted.    And Mr. Newhouse is recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Yoho. Thank you again, Mr. Chairman. And before my time starts, how is your dog doing, Mr. Chairman?    The Chairman. Mr. Yoho has----    Mr. Yoho. Thank you.    The Chairman.--utilized his veterinary services to help me solve a problem with my Yorkie. So thank you, Mr. Yoho----    Mr. Yoho. Thank you, sir.    The Chairman.--publicly.    Mr. Yoho. Getting back to some of the stuff we were talking about. Of course, George Washington said that you can't have a secure nation if you don't have a secure food source. And I commend again all the research you guys do that you bring to market. And the question comes up, how much is GMO--how many lives has it saved, and all we need to do is look at Dr. Borlaug with the genetic GMO wheat. Billions of people have been saved in the world because of that, and that is a marketing campaign we could do a retrospective study and just look at the results of what we had. But what I wanted to ask you three questions. One is, the funding mechanism, you have the formula and competitive grants, you guys have all experienced both of these, if you could rewrite how universities get their money, do you have ideas that you would just like to throw off, or write a response to us and give us ideas? Dr. Brashears?    Mr. Yoho. I was just curious because, I don't want to take anything from the land-grant, coming from the University of Florida----    Mr. Yoho. Okay, thank you. And I yield back, Mr. Chairman.    The Chairman. Thank you, Mr. Yoho.    Any questions, Chairman Conaway? Are you good?    Well, again, I want to say thank you to all the witnesses here. I hope you understand how important ag research is to all of the Members of this Subcommittee. Many of us have land-grant universities in our districts. We have grown up around some of the progress that land-grant universities have given us. And it was great to hear other stories about universities getting similar designations, and working in areas that may not be like mine in central Illinois.    I want to thank Chairman Conaway for allowing us to have this hearing to talk about this important subject. And again, each and every one of you deserves our thanks for spending the time and the energy it takes to get out here to Washington, D.C., and talk about agricultural research and its importance to America's ag economy. So the Ranking Member DelBene has left, but she wanted me to also echo her thanks for you all being here today.    And I have to say, under the rules of the Committee, the record of today's hearing will remain open for 10 calendar days to receive additional material and supplementary written responses from the witnesses to any questions posed by a Member.    This Subcommittee on Biotechnology, Horticulture, and Research hearing is now adjourned.