    Mr. Kline. I thank the gentleman for yielding.    General Dunford, a couple of years ago, I was in Afghanistan, and you were the senior American commander there, and we had significantly more than 10,000 U.S. forces. In January, I was back in Afghanistan, and General Campbell was the commander there, and it was operating under a force management level of 9,800 troops. Now General Nicholson is on the ground there, and he is currently undertaking a review of the situation there to make his recommendations.    If he were to come back after completing his review with a recommendation to change the force management level--I don't know who invented that term, by the way, but it bothers me a lot, because it is a strategy by political numbers--but if he were to come back and say, ``We need to increase that FML by some unspecified number, 1,000, 2,000 or something like that,'' and if he were to come back and say, ``We need to lift the restrictions that we are operating under that says I can't train and advise and assist below the Afghan corps level,'' and if he were to come back and say, ``I need the authority to unilaterally target the Taliban and the Haqqani network,'' would you support those recommendations going to the President?    General Dunford. Congressman, first of all, General Nicholson is going to provide recommendations, and I know what the President has articulated as the end state, and I can assure you my recommendation, which will forward any recommendation that General Nicholson will make, will be benchmarked against my assessment of our ability to meet our objectives. That is exactly what I did when I was a commander on the ground and exactly what I would do in my current position.    Mr. Kline. So you don't know whether or not you would support General Nicholson's recommendations if he came back with those that I just suggested?    General Dunford. What I would make clear to the President in making a recommendation is whatever capabilities I believe are necessary, and I can't speculate as to whether General Nicholson will ask for an increase right now, Congressman, but what I would say is if he came in and said, ``These are the capabilities we need to accomplish the mission,'' and I agreed with General Nicholson's assessment, I would forward to the Secretary a recommendation that would include whatever capabilities are necessary for us to achieve the end state. Of that, I am clear.    Mr. Kline. Thank you. My time has expired.    Mr. Kline. Thank you.