    Ms. Lee. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman. Good to see you, Mr. Secretary, Dr. Clancy, Secretary Hickey.    Now, I tell you, a couple of things--I have to preface the question and statement. First of all, I am the daughter of a veteran. My dad died several years ago. So as the daughter of a veteran, I know the V.A. system very personally. And I just want to say to the three of you that I think you made a lot of progress. I have had to deal with the V.A. on a personal basis.    But not enough yet. And I have a lot of concerns, very grave concerns regarding the funds that have already been spent on updating our veterans claims backlog. Again--and I think Secretary Hickey--we have met several times with the California Delegation as it relates to the Oakland V.A. Regional Office, which is in my district.    And we have seen money appropriated to fix the backlog. But it still remains--and veterans still, who deserve their benefits, they are still dying before they can receive their benefits.    And I want to read to you just a brief excerpt from--now this was February 25, 2014, just recently, CBS News report. Okay, and I want to make sure that this is accurate or not. I hope it is not.    ``Last week, the V.A. Inspector General confirmed that because of poor recordkeeping in Oakland, veterans did not receive benefits to which they may have been entitled. How many veterans is not known, because thousands of records were missing when inspectors arrived. The V.A. declined CBS News' repeated interview request, but it did admit to widespread problems in the handling of claims, but blamed that on the transition from a mail basis to the new electronic system. The V.A. said in a statement, `Electronic claims processing transformed mail management for compensation claims greatly minimizing any risk of delays due to loss and misplaced mail.' ''    Now, there have been several whistleblowers, of course, out of Oakland. And in this report that CBS presented February 25th, there was one individual who said that the V.A. took the files, put them--told them to put them in a file and stuff them away.    There were 13,000 veterans begging for help. When this employee raised her concerns, she said she was taken off the project, and then this past summer, they found a cart of these same claims, and they were ignored again.    Can you explain this to me? Is this accurate or not? And what is taking place with the Oakland V.A. office in the backlog?    Ms. Lee. I appreciate that. But then maybe you need to call CBS and clarify this, because this report is all over the place. Also, in it, it indicates that the V.A., the Inspector General, mind you, confirmed that because of poor recordkeeping, and Oakland veterans did not receive benefits to which they had been entitled, and this is the I.G. quote. So you need to clarify that I think, because if in fact that is not the case, you know, we need to know that. The I.G. needs to know that.    Ms. Lee. So do we know how many veterans should have been--should have received their benefits that did not receive their benefits?    Ms. Lee. Okay.    Ms. Lee. Okay. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. Lee. Thank you very much. I want to thank the gentleman for yielding.    We have the Budget Committee coming up, and I really appreciate being able to ask you these questions.    So thank you, Mr. Bishop, very much.    Good morning. Good to see you.    And first, let me just thank you for responding to report language that this committee placed--I think it was the year before last with regard to the Oakland Regional Office. We indicated that there had been 13,000--over 13,000 unprocessed informal claims, and Under Secretary Hickey, in her testimony, indicated that these were actually duplicate claims, but that that still was unacceptable.    There was some recommendations based on the report that you gave us that we presented back to you that I believe it was Ms. Boor--Julianna Boor--worked with us on. And let me just--there are three recommendations, and I wanted to get a sense of what you think needs to happen next.    We recommended that the Oakland V.A. Regional Office director complete and take appropriate action on the remaining, I think it was 537 informal claims; secondly, that the Oakland regional director implement a plan to provide training to staff on proper procedures for a process in informal claims and assess the effectiveness of the training; thirdly, that the Oakland V.A. Regional Office director implement a plan to ensure oversight of those staff assigned to process the informal claims.    I think you know that Oakland has been one of the worst, and you have made a lot of progress, so I want to thank you for that. But also, getting to 2015 goal of no disability claim being more than 125 days old, I can't for the life of me figure out how that is going to happen, given what is taking place and what has taken place in processing in Oakland.    So are you going to continue to investigate, continue to monitor? How do we make sure that we reach the goal of 2015?    Ms. Lee. That is what we are seeing there.    Ms. Lee. One of the lowest----    Ms. Lee. Okay. So is there a plan to go back to determine if those 13,000 were fixed? And then do you think that the goal of the claims being no more than 125 days old by 2015 can be attained or not?    Ms. Lee. Okay.    Well, Mr. Chairman, I would hope we could figure out a way to help make sure that goal is achievable since that is the goal, because these veterans deserve better that what is taking place now.    So thank you very much.