    Ms. Root. Chairman Conaway, Ranking Member Peterson, and Members of the Committee, it is an honor to speak to you regarding this important issue, and thank you very much for the invitation. I am Jackie Root from Lawrenceville, Pennsylvania. I speak today on behalf of the National Association of Royalty Owners, where I serve as the Pennsylvania state chapter President.    Even though our producing minerals may be in any of the 33 producing states, NARO members live in all 50 states. An estimated 8\1/2\ to 12 million citizens receive royalty income from the production of their private mineral rights. From a member survey a few years ago, the average NARO member is 60 years old, a widow, and makes less than $500 per month in royalty income. The United States is the only former colony that upon achieving independence, awarded the ownership of minerals to private citizens instead of to the state. This uniquely American model was suggested by Thomas Jefferson. His concept has helped make us a strong nation and is, today, enabling America's rise to become the world's dominant energy producer.    About 70 percent of the mineral estate in the lower 48 is private property owned by individual citizens. A study conducted by Montana University in 2012, estimated that roughly 77 percent of oil and 81 percent of natural gas produced onshore was produced on private property. According to the Energy Information Administration, the average price for oil is now about 59 percent less, and natural gas about 25 percent less. And this is a real significant hit on individuals, like myself, who rely on this income for part of our livelihood.    We have provided additional information on the ownership and impacts we see across the country in the written testimony, and I will spend the rest of my time on my personal story.    My husband, Cliff, and I are first generation farmers. Dairy was our commodity for 35 years, shifting to a cow/calf beef operation in 2009. For 24 years, in a crop field dubbed the gas well field, we mowed, planted, and harvested around a steel pipe that was the site of natural gas exploration well, drilled and plugged in 1948. In 2000, a landman approached us to lease that land once again for possible exploration, and we now host a producing Marcellus Shale well on our farm, just 1,200 from that old pipe.    Our well was completed in 2008. In 2009 and 2010, 31 more wells were completed on well pads within our township. I estimate that over 700 royalty owners received checks each month in just our little township, including farmers, retirees, widows, young couples, businesses, churches, municipalities, and cemeteries. Like many farmers, we have used this income to pay off debt, change enterprises, help with college expenses, fund requirement accounts, and maybe buy a horse or two. The constant stress of fluctuating commodity prices and unpredictable weather is softened a bit with additional income from leasing, royalties, and pipeline right-of-way. Over the long-term, I believe natural gas development will actually preserve our precious open space; successful farmers will farm the land rather than subdivide it.    This income also finds its way into our local economy, and I can quickly name friends and neighbors so thankful for extra income that was life-changing, and it is not all about instant millionaires.    Current market conditions have curtailed new drilling projects, and the lack of new pipeline capacity has had a dramatic effect on natural gas prices. This time in 2012, we received $2.73 per mcf compared to just $1.48 this month. Royalty income is down, leasing is sparse, layoffs in the oil patch now include many of our local folks, and many businesses created during the boom are struggling.    We appreciated the July 2015 hearing this Committee conducted that led to repeal of the oil export ban, recognizing the need to participate in world markets.    Trading of LNG and ethane in world markets will be just as important to the Northeast with production of both wet and dry natural gas. Natural gas development in our township and other townships, just like it across Pennsylvania, has been a real success story. We hope that our leaders will support an energy policy that will keep this moving forward.    Reduced commodity prices have placed hardship on the oil and gas industry, service industries, Federal and state local tax collections, and private royalty owners. This is a result of the free market system that we know our members believe strongly in. We, therefore, ask this Committee to, please, keep this in mind when considering what could become harmful Federal policies like removal of the percentage depletion tax deductions that royalty owners have had the ability to utilize since the 1920s.    Thank you, again, for the opportunity to present the collective views of millions of private property owners, and I will be happy to answer any questions.    Ms. Root. We enter into an oil and gas lease with the company.    The Chairman. And you are paid there?    Ms. Root. Pardon?    The Chairman. And the royalty owner is paid there for entering into the lease? There is a lease bonus there?    Ms. Root. Yes. And then depending on how the well is drilled, in this case, most of it is horizontal wells encompassing maybe a square mile, and everyone shares in that royalty proportionately to the land they have in that unit.    The Chairman. All right.    Ms. Root. And then in the revenue proportionately.    The Chairman. So each month there is a check, or depending on the amount of the check, but each month, generally, each royalty owner would get a check from the folks at the petroleum production?    Ms. Root. Correct.    The Chairman. All right.    Mr. Peterson, 5 minutes.    Ms. Root. Well, the numbers here reflect people who own minerals in the states they live in, and in other states, that is why you have a lot of mineral owners in states with no production. You can go to New York City and find a lot of people that own minerals across the country. And we used the basic information from our membership to extrapolate those figures. It is an estimate. But royalty checks are sent to people all over the country.    Ms. Root. We could get you some more information for that.    Ms. Root. And mineral owners own anything from a half an acre to thousands of acres.    Ms. Root. Okay. We will provide more information.    The Chairman. The gentleman yields back.    Mr. Thompson, for 5 minutes.    Ms. Root. Well, I know it has had a big effect on the buildout of pipeline, which is critical to moving the product that they found in what is the second largest plague to natural gas production in the world now.    And that comes down to farm operations, too. When they designate these species at risk, it can stop production in crop fields as well as pipelines, and sometimes we have seen drilling rigs stalled because they have had to wait for an endangered flower to bloom to see if it possibly exists in an area where the conditions are right.    And sometimes they are holding out, whether it is the ability to farm a field, or build pipeline, or build a well pad. They are holding up a lot for something that is a big maybe. And we would like to eliminate some of the uncertainty there when it comes to moving forward in both agriculture and with the development of our resources.    Ms. Root. Well, there has been a lot of positive benefits. Sometimes the negatives go down the road of decreased milk production, it causes all kinds of problems. But those things really don't exist. What it does is bring more money into the farm operation, and helps balance the uncertain commodity prices that we always face. So it allowed farmers to plan for retirement that they haven't been able to do in the past. It has allowed improvements in the farm operation, updating equipment, making the farm safer, allowing for the farm to continue into the next generation, and that is extremely important.    I mentioned open space. A successful farmer will farm the fields rather than sell it off for development. So a lot of it is the income from this that has bolstered the farm economy and on a very personal level.    Ms. Root. It is really hard. Maybe I am jaded here. It is really hard to find a negative effect. We think that development has been done responsibly. You can't develop better technology unless you are able to practice the technology. I live on the border of New York State where farmers up there would love to see this production happen. We believe that their minerals are being stolen, held hostage, in that area, and they could be sharing in this as well. And we don't believe that it is an environmental disaster.    Ms. Root. I have a consulting business where I have helped landowners with over 200,000 acres.    Ms. Root. Well, I mentioned we have 20 pads in our township. Our particular township has seen no problems with water. There are areas where there has been methane migration, but I will say, my parents drilled their water well in 1981 and you could strike a match at the water wellhead. It is a naturally occurring phenomenon in our area.    Ms. Root. Well, there was a lot of landowners, farmers, poised to cash in on the boon when it happened back in 2008. And I know lots of them that had asked me, when is this going to happen? In 2008 I thought, well, this is going to blow over in a couple of months, and here we are, 8 years later, and they essentially confiscated their rights. And I don't know what we see on the horizon for a change on that.    We see farmers that struggle, continue to struggle that could be helped by this. The workforce, the people that have been put to work in our area, my children have lots of friends that are in the business. Now we are seeing the downturn and they have experienced the layoffs. But it has done an awful lot for our local economy and they are just not seeing that up in New York State.    My newspaper comes from New York State and I read over and over about the wasteland in Pennsylvania because of the drilling. And they are just not coming to see what the real picture is because that is not what the picture is in Pennsylvania.    Ms. Root. I don't know what you can do to make that happen, but they could use some help.    Ms. Root. Well, I would say that we are benefiting from the royalties, but that is farmers with the resource under their property. But the decrease in the cost of natural gas which farmers use to power, to heat their homes and to dry grain and then the decrease in the overall fuel costs, that is huge for farmers. When we talk about anti-fossil fuel people, I don't know how the farm exists without fossil fuel, and that is important to everyone. So there are lots of benefits.    Within the communities, oil and gas companies have done a lot. We talk about the impact fee that they have paid, and that is contributed to our fire departments and other services. But those companies also donate directly to those things. I always tell the fire department, they are worried about asking for more money, I say, ``If there is any place that an oil and gas company would like to contribute, it is making sure that our fire departments are up to date.'' And they are all small, volunteer fire departments, just like one of the Representatives here mentioned. So there are lots of other benefits to the community as well other than just the people receiving royalties.    Ms. Root. We receive our electric from a rural electric co-op. Yes.    Ms. Root. Well, I don't. And I don't know about those exact inner workings, but when you talked about areas of Arizona that don't have some services, they are developing these gas-generated power plants that Representative Causer mentioned, that is bringing our utilities down to a more local level. I see our grid becoming maybe something that is more secure where we are producing the gas and producing the electricity within local areas. And maybe what might be important to some of those areas like Arizona that are under-served is getting those commodities to those areas so that they can participate, and maybe natural gas pipe to those areas is the answer.    Ms. Root. We are seeing significant water reuse in our area where almost all the flowback is reused in other wells. So I have seen them develop this. They started out hauling it all off, but necessity has made them develop technology to be able to do that.