    Mr. Issa. Thank you, Madam Chair.    And for each of our two witnesses, it is incredibly an opportune time for you to be here. I have two areas of particular concern that I will be following up with questions on.    Ambassador Alexander, in your case the education of as many as 800,000 Syrians in Lebanon and countless more internally displaced concerns me in that USAID and all of our refugee organizations seem to be looking at doing, but not accomplishing the ultimate goal. Lebanon is ill-equipped to educate 500 to 800,000 additional students, and even if they were, they have no structural plan to do so.    Some of the programs USAID has begun with are interesting, including the radio broadcast as a form of education, but they fall far short of two goals. One is education that can be verified for purposes of higher education later. The second is a form of education that clearly allows us to have our imprint of non-radicalization on that education process. I think both of those fall clearly within, between the two of you, a requirement to make sure there is a strategic plan for all the youth in the region, both those who work much of the day and get limited education and those who may be able to participate in more conventional.    Secondly, Ambassador Patterson, you and I have visited many times. You are always at the center of tough situations. Your time in Egypt causes me to say this today: The multinational force observers has out lived its historic role. That has been made very clear by my own and another Congressman's visit to the region into the North Station. They are today simply sitting ducks hunkered down, highly protected, including massive EOD assets, for purposes of a count that has not been miscounted or misunderstood or argued for more than 8 years, even with a minor exception, and more than a decade without any real argument.    As you know, Israel today counts on very large forces of Egyptians to help with the fight against ISIS in the Sinai. I urge you to recognize that now is the time to recognize that that force existed, although technically to count number of soldiers and police, it really existed to ensure a peace in the region between two countries. Today that force must be positioned to assist both Israel and the Egyptians in recognizing where ISIS and Hamas are operating, what they are doing, and providing the eyes necessary to help them do their job better. I am not calling for a moment for the withdrawal of those troops or those personnel, brave as they are, but I want their purpose to be one of peacekeeping between two allies today in the war against ISIS. I hope you can take that back to Secretary Kerry on behalf of the committee.    And I thank the chairwoman for her indulgence.    Mr. Issa. Thank you.    Administrator, I will start with you. As I mentioned in my opening statement, the number is staggering, but let's just look at Lebanon with 500 to 800,000. In this particular case, unlike the usual numbers in the Middle East, I think the number is probably accurate at 800,000 school-age children who are beyond Lebanon's ordinary capability to educate.    I am going to pose a minute question. My understanding is the Minister of Education, who is here in the U.S. right now, has issued a number of MOUs. As a matter of fact, it appears as though anyone who comes in saying they would like to educate these Syrians with Lebanese standards is getting an MOU. And then, my understanding is they come to you for money. Is that a fair statement, that you are getting a lot of people with proposals of how to do it, if you will just provide the dollars?    Mr. Issa. That is the 42----    Mr. Issa. But it is conventional education expansion?    Mr. Issa. So, how do we leverage e-learning and other abilities to provide, if you will, free, notwithstanding the delivery device, free education to people on both sides of the conflict area? I mentioned the radio one because I became aware of it. It is novel. But it is pretty much old school. Most people in the Middle East that learn English learn it by American songs. Many people who learn Arabic learn it by Arab songs. But that isn't necessarily any more productive to real education than memorizing the Quran is to producing moderates.    So, briefly--and you are welcome to follow up with me beyond this hearing--what is it we can do to sort of leapfrog the incremental dollars where $41 million is proposed to provide you 100,000? And those are probably the easiest 100,000 because they don't include the expansion of schools and conventional brick-and-mortar, which could easily be in the many billions for what we hope is a shorter period of time. And it wouldn't address the people on the other side of the conflict line.    Mr. Issa. Okay. I am going to not make a suggestion that is anything more than just a thought that I have had listening to many of the groups. In the day of the internet, it would seem that today the entire curriculum necessary to provide a Baccalaureate, including teaching, should be online, hosted somewhere in the world, probably by us in the Cloud, for Arab-speakers at least in the Levant language designation area to get their degrees. It would seem like that is a question of producing the content.    Now, then, getting that delivered is a complex question of bandwidth, servers, iPads, whatever the delivery system is. But it would seem that, until USAID finds who is going to produce, if you will, a complete content that would lead to a Baccalaureate and get the Lebanese and other Arab countries to buy into the idea that this is moderate, educational, and doable, we don't yet, then, have the distribution.    And I appreciate you keeping teachers working, but I don't think we can produce enough teachers ever and paper to deal with this in a way that is going to address the young man or woman who is working 14 hours a day and only got a fourth grade education and will never get more education until we come up with an alternate delivery plan.    Madam Chair, since I appear to be the last, would you mind if I go a little longer?    Mr. Issa. Thank you.    Ambassador, I am going to switch to you. I mentioned the multinational force, and I think I was fairly bold in echoing, to be honest, The Washington Post and others who have recognized that we have a substantial investment there of people who are daily often being shelled, who are in harm's way, for a mission that is now, from your own experience in Egypt, is now by anyone's reasonable expectations no longer the mission they were placed there for in the late 1970s.    What would you say, recognizing that you can't speak for the whole administration, to that basic concept that their obligation is to peace in the region and not necessarily to counting heads at borders?    Mr. Issa. And our allied partners.    Mr. Issa. The Czech?    Mr. Issa. Okay. Well, in closing, I love interesting ideas. When Congressman Farenthold and I went there now more than a year ago and looked at where rounds had landed, met with the explosive ordnance disposal team, looked at the threat, recognized the active engagement by the Egyptians, active both in the air and ground of the newly-formed, if you will, or new partnership of ISIS in the Sinai, it became obvious that we were currently not participating. And yet, we were there and we were, obviously, being attacked by ISIS.    So, I guess as we look at the interesting idea, I would only ask that, if not something similar to the direction that I was suggesting that Secretary Kerry and the administration might be able to convince--and I am happy to go there. I am, fortunately, very well-received on both sides of the Sinai. For the fact that we can do more if we have a will to do it and if they are willing to let us do it, but if we do just what we are doing, we are, in fact, sitting there inevitably waiting to lose brave peacekeepers for something which, quite frankly, is unlikely to happen.    As you know, the Egyptians are not likely to mount an offensive across the border, and the Israelis are not in particular peril, that that would occur. That doesn't change the fact that they don't want us to leave, but I do think they want us to do more, if we can, and do it in cooperation with both countries. So, I leave that with you because I have no greater message from that trip than the status quo would seem to be less than we should do.    Mr. Issa. Yes, we got to witness that. Madam Chair, that was the good part of that visit, that the relationship between the current Government of Egypt and the current Government of Israel is one with common enemies of both the ISIS in the Sinai and, of course, Hamas, both of which are know terrorist organizations.    I would close by saying I am equally concerned that the Muslim Brotherhood is a political organization with a strong bent against the type of freedom that America stands for. And if we cannot determine them to be a terrorist organization in this body, we certainly have to recognize that they showed their true colors during their short time heading Egyptian Government. And to the Coptic community and others that people on the dais talked about, I think it goes without saying that America must take a stand against the activities of the Muslim Brotherhood, both as a political organization and as what I believe to be a terrorist wing.    And so, Madam Chair, thank you so much for the indulgence.