    Mr. Grothman. Thank you. I guess I would ask Director Botticelli, how many of people died of heroin overdoses last year in this country?    Mr. Grothman. I think that's a lot higher. You're sure it's only 8,000?    Mr. Grothman. And when I just look at--because when I get around my district, I talk to my sheriffs, how many people died in your county last year of heroin overdoses, and I don't--I don't really think of Wisconsin as being the heroin center of the world, and I'm telling you, when I multiply it out, you know, by counties or by population, it would be higher than that by a factor of, you know, three times or something. Are you sure it's only 8,000, even close to 8,000?    Mr. Grothman. How do you--I mean, that just bothers me off the top of a bunch of other questions, but I mean, how are you getting that data? Is every county reporting? I mean, is that comprehensive, or do different counties have different ways of reporting? You think 8,000?    Mr. Grothman. Yeah.    Mr. Grothman. Okay. Maybe I can help you with that.    Mr. Grothman. Why don't you get me the data for Wisconsin----    Mr. Grothman. --and then I can tell you the Wisconsin data is accurate, and we get a clue as to whether you're right or wrong.    Second question. Where is this heroin coming from?    Mr. Grothman. You're telling me something new here, too. I was under the impression a lot of these poppies were growing in Afghanistan or worked over there. You're saying the whole thing is a Mexican thing, growing, produced, da-da-da-da-da, right up here, so it's a Mexican problem and probably another reason why we should be doing a lot better job than we currently are of locking down that southern border.    Mr. Grothman. Okay. On the--how much prison time do you expect to get if you are--first of all, is it a Federal crime, possession of heroin? Is that a Federal crime or just a State crime?    Mr. Grothman. You sure?    Mr. Grothman. Okay. It's a Federal----    Mr. Grothman. If I am caught with enough heroin, which you know I am selling, which is kind of a small amount, but if I am caught with an amount of that, what type of prison sentence can I expect in a Federal court?    Mr. Grothman. It's a little shocking that you don't know. I mean, to me, in Wisconsin, you know, we have money for treatment and da-da-da, but a frustrating thing is the cost of heroin is so low, and the reason the cost of heroin is so low is the people who are selling the heroin are not paying enough of a price, okay. I mean, heroin was around, like, in the 1970s, but it wasn't so abused like it is today. Things are getting a lot worse.    And I think one of reasons why the cost is going down is I am learning today, that I don't think you guys consider enforcement enough of a priority, and enforcement should be a priority. I mean, people are killing people. I believe right now, in the State of Wisconsin, more people are dying of heroin overdose than murder and automobile accidents combined. I think that's certainly true in individual counties. And something the Federal Government can do is to begin to make the cost of heroin go up a little bit.    And I'm a little bit concerned, you know, that you guys are not, Oh, we can't, you know, prosecute our way out of this. Well, you got to try to prosecute your way out of it or the cost of heroin is not going to go up.    Mr. Grothman. Right. Good. I hope you do that sincerely, because I'm a little bit afraid to this point, you know, you're just throwing up your hands and saying all we're going to do is education or something or other.    Mr. Grothman. Well, a little shorter than the last one, but that's okay.    Mr. Grothman. Okay. So I had to come back, because I kind of thought it was a rhetorical question as to whether possession of heroin was a Federal crime. But what is the expected prison term you get if you have enough heroin with you that you're probably some sort of dealer? Do you know what you guys ask for?    Maybe I'll ask Mr. Maurer. What is the standard as you prosecute it locally? What do the Federal prosecutors ask for?    Mr. Grothman. Is there a mandatory minimum if I have enough heroin that I apparently am not using it for personal use?    Mr. Grothman. Okay. Do you know how many people are in Federal prison for selling heroin?    Mr. Grothman. Okay, the reason I say is to me there's a big difference between heroin and other drugs, okay. I mean, nobody--I'm for marijuana being illegal, but there's nobody, you know, dying of a marijuana overdose. This heroin thing is a whole new thing, you know, much worse than the cocaine thing, much worse than anything, and that's why I don't like it kind of blended with the other things.    But do you know how many prosecutions for heroin, heroin either possession or selling it every year?    Mr. Grothman. Okay. I want you to get me those things.    Mr. Grothman. And I think it's important for you three, who are after all supposed to be the Federal people out in front fighting the heroin, to familiarize yourself a little bit about what's going on in the criminal Federal courts dealing with heroin. I mean, I'm asking you these questions. I thought you'd give me answers, and you don't know the answers.    Mr. Grothman. You should know the answers. You've got important jobs. And I'm glad you're going to get the answers, but I think if you had your job, I'd know the answers.    But, okay, I guess we'll ask you some more questions later when you have to time get the answer. I'll give you one more question, though, which is an entirely unrelated thing, but kind of a follow-up.    One of the problems we have is that there are physicians out there who are clearly selling prescriptions for opiates that they shouldn't be selling. Another problem, to me, is we have physicians prescribing more opiates than you would traditionally need. You know, somebody goes in for a root canal and instead of giving you a prescription for 3 days, they give you a prescription for a month.    Do you want to comment on that and why that practice has taken hold?    Mr. Grothman. I'd only just say it's a Federal business, but since so many of the prescriptions today I suppose are paid for Medicare or Medicaid, do you think it would be Federal guidelines on the appropriate amount of opiate prescriptions paid for in these two programs?