    Mr. McAfee. Mr. Chairman and members of this subcommittee, I appreciate the opportunity to share my thoughts with you. My grandparents and their 1-year-old son, my father, came to Montezuma County in southwest Colorado 100 years ago. They came West because their Nebraska farm dried up. They homesteaded and began farming by hand-grubbing the sagebrush to plant and to harvest crops. They lived in a tent for a couple of years through two winters. They hauled water for themselves and for neighbors. They were tough, hard workers. Dry-land pinto beans and wheat were the crops of the day, and those are important today.    My perspective here is that of a long-time resident, third-generation on the McAfee farm land. BLM is a neighbor. We are governed locally by an elected board of county commissioners. My comments come to you from what I observe, what I know to be true. In this context, I will address two topics: public participation and planning around natural landscape versus political boundaries.    First, I am for as much public involvement as possible, as early as possible, in planning for public lands. I am local, I am concerned, I am thoughtful, and I do my homework. I take the long view. I am a life member of the local chapter of the Rocky Mountain Farmers Union, and we understand the relationships among public lands and agricultural lands. Local people want their voices to be heard. What we think and what we say can be extremely valuable in gaining a broad view from long-term local experience, interests, ideas, and needs for public lands, especially in a place like Montezuma County, where we have a lot of public land.    I don't understand why some county commissioners are so opposed to enabling greater public participation. Under Planning 2.0, they will not give up their participation, their voices and authority will not be diminished. The whole process will be made richer by inclusion of public voices early on. They are elected to represent us, but that does not translate to us giving up the right and responsibility of representing ourselves.    We have perspectives and ideas that are broader and deeper, and sometimes they are too busy jockeying with the BLM about who is in control of our Federal lands to even represent us at all. Recently BLM started a process to discuss whether a master leasing plan would be helpful in our area. Our current resource management plan does not really get into the details of how and when leasing or development happens. Instead of engaging in the discussion, our commissioners spent a long time refusing to even come to the table, questioning BLM's motives and authority. Meanwhile, many of our community members wanted to have this discussion, and wished that our commissioners would stop obstructing it.    BLM should take the lead in getting through the rhetoric and getting on with dealing effectively with issues through a thoughtful, transparent collaboration. I know that it can work, and that giving the public more input will only make it better.    Next, to planning around natural landscape versus political boundaries. In my view, this is so simple. The natural landscape and resources got here first. Political lines came later, and generally were not established with natural boundaries in mind. It is obvious when you think of watersheds, for example. Those responsible for managing natural resources need to have the latitude, and be held accountable for planning for the whole picture, the natural picture. In this way, the interests of local farmers and ranchers and others who depend on these resources will be taken seriously. This is part of the reform that BLM was proposing, and local government will continue to have a strong voice in this common-sense way of managing land.    BLM's proposal seeks to provide more and earlier opportunities for input. This makes sense to me for counties, states, tribes, and even folks like me. We care about the land, and we want to have a voice in how it is run. Your Web page says, ``Empowering people through our Nation's resources.'' What better way to empower us than to listen to us as plans are developed early on? It is about participation, collaboration, and transparency. Thank you for listening.    Mr. McAfee. First, let me thank my colleagues for teaching me how to push the button.    Mr. McAfee. The management leasing plan process is one that is underway, right now in the very early stages, to determine whether or not there should be one. That is the major issue that is on the table. It has not been determined that there will be one. The reason for thinking about that is that the resource management plan for the areas of concern in Montezuma County are not specific enough to really protect some things that everybody agrees should be protected.    For example, there is a world-class biking area, called Phil's World, very near Cortez that is contiguous to BLM land; it lies on BLM land, as well as private and state land. That could be under severe risk if we don't have some way to know what is coming down the road with leasing; and everybody, including the county commissioners, agree with that.    The problem is that the county commissioners don't recognize that the resource management plan does not really protect it. They believe that that could be easily changed and, for reasons that I don't understand, they are opposed to an MLP. There has been a process to provide public input into that decisionmaking, and a lot of people have showed up, hundreds; and I believe that at this point in time the preponderance of input into that question is 10 to 1 in favor of doing an MLP. Yet, the commissioners really do not recognize that kind of public interest.    That is why I believe that the process can be a lot better by listening to us, because we do our homework and we know what we need.    Mr. McAfee. The simple answer is no, because they backed away from that and did not want to participate in it. One of the beginnings of the process was for them to select community members to be on the study group. They refused to select community members, and then community members decided to select themselves and applied to be on that.    And suddenly, our commissioners discovered that they were being left aside, and so they did step up and start to select members for that. But that was a case where they thought, by withdrawing and not doing anything, they were going to be able to retain power. Instead, they lost power and they lost credibility.    Mr. McAfee. The public has been engaged because of the fact that they have come to the steering committee with input. What that has done is caused the steering committee to have to back off, and they have not made a decision yet as to what they will recommend.    So, it is clear to me that: (a) we were not represented by our county commissioners; and (b) at a higher level, at a different level, our input is being considered. I think that is a good example of how public input early on by concerned and knowledgeable citizens can make a difference.    Mr. McAfee. Yes, sir.    The Chairman. And I assume, if they don't like what they are doing, they could be unvoted by the people.    Mr. McAfee. That might be the case.    The Chairman. Well, I suggest you try that in the future. It is much more beneficial. We have 200 years of practice with that.    By contrast, is anyone going to vote for Mr. Lyons? Absolutely not. I mean, so you get the free pass here. Whatever you decide to do, even if you think of something that I think is kind of crappy, you still get the free pass. It is through the elected officials that we have some kind of input for people, and that has to be why it was supposedly respected in     So, let me go about this concept, this deciding official. Let me start with you, Mr. Ogsbury. If a plan does not cross state boundaries, should someone within the state be this deciding official?