    Ms. McSally. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Thanks for your testimony today. General Breedlove, I wanted to talk to you a little bit about truth in disclosure. I was part of a team to stand up Africa Command back in 2007 and 2010. And you mentioned the 65,000 assigned to you that includes forces that are dual-hatted, components to Africa Command and also forces assigned to you as a staff officer.    Great frustration that, you know, we did not have the forces required to include crisis response forces. So I haven't been there in a while so just wanted to get your perspective on especially with the increasing activity in your theater and responsibilities, how is that working and do you see if there is a crisis where you need a crisis response team in your theater but we also have a Benghazi-like situation in Africa Command, how does that work? Have you seen any shortfalls where you haven't been able to fill missions?    And, also, as we are looking for places to gain savings, I have heard some of my colleagues talk about how Africa Command can just roll back into EUCOM again and, having been a part of that, with all you have on your plate, adding another 53 countries in Africa and the ungoverned spaces and the terrorism threat and everything we are doing there, I strongly disagree with that. So I wanted to hear your perspectives on that proposal as we move forward. Thanks.    General Breedlove. So there has been some very good news since you left in that, as you may or may not heard, we have been given the authority at the combatant commander and deputy combatant commander level between EUCOM and AFRICOM to move forces back and forth without going through the DEPORD book process in the Pentagon. So when----    Ms. McSally. There is a conflict there. How do you have two crises at once, something has got to get a priority, right?    General Breedlove. There is no doubt about that and that priority would probably be adjudicated. But what happens is that Rod Rodriguez and I can make these decisions now very quickly and move the forces back and forth and you had it right, almost all the force is in EUCOM, there are some small crisis response--forces in AFRICOM but we are free to share at a very quick and easy way.    I completely agree with you about Africa Command and EUCOM but for a different reason. In Africa, the growing mission--the growing problem with radicals and with terrorists and ungoverned spaces in these nations, the focus that AFRICOM is able to bring on that is unique to the fact that there is a combatant commander assigned to focus on that. And I don't think that where the next problem really is going to be would be the place that we would want to lose focus.    Ms. McSally. No, I do agree for the same reasons. Next question is we closed down the squadron of A-10s at Spangdahlem a couple years ago, and the squadron that I commanded at Davis-Monthan just deployed over to Spangdahlem. You can't make this stuff up. So we are in a situation where we are closing down A-10s in Europe and then we are deploying A-10s from CONUS to Europe. Can we walk through kind of a logic behind that and the cost?    Maybe you don't have that but maybe for the record later, the cost of deploying units forward versus having kept them there in the first place, and are you seeing value with that deployment? And you certainly can't have the squadron from Davis-Monthan full time but in a future discussion hindsight, should we have just kept a squadron of A-10s at Spang ?    General Breedlove. I would defer to the Under Secretary for some of the policy piece of that. I would like to say that it is clear that the capabilities that these aircraft bring is needed. You already know, I think, in the military as a combatant commander we try not to prescribe the tool. We ask for a capability, and in an anti-armor capability certainly the A-10s bring a great capability forward to Spang.    I have often said that I favor forward-stationed forces. When the budget changes and precludes and forces are cut or brought down, then it is important that we have the ability to bring rotational forces. Rotational forces are only good if they have solid fiscal backing in order to be able to deploy.    Ms. McSally. And my time is expired, but I just say I would like a cost analysis of keeping a squadron at Spang versus the cost of sending them TDY , which potentially could be more costly in the long run. So if we are gaining savings, let's make sure we are actually gaining savings. Thank you.    The Chairman. Thank you. Mr. Nugent.