    Mr. Hardy . The gentleman's time has expired. I'd like to turn the time over to----    Mr. Hardy . Gentlelady Frankel.    Mr. Hardy. The gentlelady's time has expired. I'd like to turn the time over to Mr. Webster.    Mr. Hardy. The gentleman's time has expired. I'd like to recognize Mr. Rokita for 5 minutes.    Mr. Hardy. The gentleman's time has expired. I'd like to give myself 5 minutes, if I could.    Gentlemen, probably you, Mayor Becker probably, mostly could answer this: During our discussions, we've talked about light rail and alternate modes of transportation; bicycle, and other. With these components--we all support them, we all think they're great aspects of getting around. Myself, I haven't seen the percentage of bicyclers commuting to work on bicycles, at least in the West, like maybe they do in the East, but that's neither here nor there.    With these alternate modes of transportation, and most of where the majority of our dollars are obtained, like fuel tax; do you see us being able to continue to sustain the type of transportation infrastructure that we want, to continue to fund these type of projects, or should we be looking at another alternate mode of financing for these light rail systems, for these bicycle transportations, and being a guy from the construction industry, I do know that anything tied to a highway, if it's a bike lane, costs just as much to put in place as it does--as the highway itself, because that structure has to be put in. I mean, if it's a designated bike lane outside of that right-of-way, then it is a cheaper avenue, but any comments on that?    Mr. Hardy. I'd like to interrupt you just a minute. I agree, people are using it, we need to--it's a--educational process is a great thing, but if we went over to transit tomorrow, and everybody went 100 percent, how do we fund it, based on our tax dollars? That's the question I'm asking here. Where--we've got to look at a different--it's been paying the way through fuel tax for years, and I think that's been part of the demise.    We haven't looked far enough in the future, how we're going to fund these projects, other than a fuel tax.    Mr. Hardy. Any comments, Mr. Cox?    Mr. Hardy. Thank you. My time has expired also.    Are there any further comments from the committee members?    Seeing none, I would like to thank the witnesses. I really do appreciate your being here. I think your responses and your testimony today, your contribution today as discussed has been very informative and helpful.    I'd like to ask for unanimous consent that the record of today's hearing remain open until such time that other witnesses have provided answers to any questions that may be submitted to--in writing, and the unanimous consent that the record remain open for 15 days for additional comments and information submitted by the Members and the witnesses to be included in the record of today's hearing.    Without objection?    Seeing none, so ordered.    If there are no other Members having anything to add, the committee stands adjourned.