    Mr. Hice. All right. So did you ever determine whether or not the DEA staff, in fact, someone communicated that information?    Mr. Hice. All right. So you were told by several individuals that was not an isolated incident. All right. So you did not investigate further.    Mr. Hice. OK. Ms. Leonhart, did your office ever give information, instructions to that effect?    Mr. Hice. All right. Well, there was obvious confusion. Did you yourself at any time ever give instructions to anyone to withhold information?    Mr. Hice. Did anyone in your staff?    Mr. Hice. How do you know?    Mr. Hice. Well, then you can't definitively say that no one did it. If you weren't involved in the process, I mean, obviously, there were reports. There was testimony given to Mr. Horowitz' team that your employees were instructed not to give information.    Mr. Hice. All right. So you don't know is the bottom line. You don't know if that information was relayed or not.    Let me--Ms. Leonhart, you were all over the board today. You say you can't fire anyone and that you didn't have all the facts, and yet you send information that this behavior is not going to be tolerated. It's absolutely all over the board. You have junior officers who evidently can fire, but you cannot fire. Do you have any authority over them? Can you fire those junior officers?    Mr. Hice. Did they do their jobs by not disciplining appropriately in this situation?    Mr. Hice. So why were those junior officers not replaced?    Mr. Hice. So do you or do you not have any authority over the junior officers?    Mr. Hice. All right. A moment ago you said you would act differently if you had this to do all over again. Why in the world would you say that? It seems that you've made it clear today that you--your hands are tied, that you can do nothing. I'm really having a difficult time understanding. It appears to me that no one listens to you, quite frankly. You write a letter saying this behavior's not going to be tolerated, and yet you have no influence as to whether that behavior's going to be tolerated or not.    Did anyone listen to you when you wrote what letter?    Mr. Hice. Why would they listen to you if you have you no influence whatsoever on the disciplinary process? Ms. Leonhart, I've just got to tell you, you say you are in charge of discipline on one hand; then you come back and you say you have nothing to do with discipline. You're in charge of the entire agency; then you come back and say you have nothing to do with correcting problems. It--quite honestly, I have serious questions as to your competence, quite frankly, and it appears to me that we need to seriously consider new leadership at the     And I yield back the balance of my time.