    Mr. Kovacs. Thank you, Chairman Smith and Ranking Member Johnson and Members of the Committee.    For my opening remarks today, I'm going to address the question many of us have been asking for a while: How did an Environmental Protection Agency acquire such great power over energy policy, state waters, land use, and the nation's economic development at the expense of states which implement over 90 percent of the federally delegated programs and are the main point of contact for the regulated community?    The purpose of regulation is to implement the laws passed by Congress in the most efficient way to achieve the Congressional intent. In the 1970s, Congress when it enacted these environmental laws had very little knowledge of how to protect the environment. It also recognized that while it was protecting the environment, it would cause, and I emphasize, they recognized in 1970 it would cause plants to shut down, jobs to be lost, and harm to impacted communities. But to deal with this dilemma, Congress gave the EPA very broad authorities to protect the environment but also mandated that the EPA continuously evaluate the potential loss or shifts in employment resulting from the regulations so that Congress could make corrections based on actual input.    Congress also authorized citizen suits by granting access to the courts to anyone protecting the environment, in effect granting special environmental enforcement authorities to private-sector entities. Then in 1984, the Supreme Court granted deference to EPA's decisions where Congress was silent or vague on any of the statutory provisions in thousands of pages of legislation. In essence, the Supreme Court authorized EPA to fill in all of the gaps in the legislation. Almost from the beginning, EPA missed a high percentage of its Congressionally mandated deadlines. Since EPA misses between 84 percent and 98 percent of its deadlines, depending on which study you believe, citizen suits were brought to force the EPA to comply with the deadlines. Rather than arguing it had discretion in meeting the conflicting priorities, EPA entered into consent decrees with advocacy groups agreeing to implement the regulations requested, thereby letting these groups set the policy for the Agency and the priorities.    The best illustration of the impact of the sue-and-settle process is that between 2000 and 2013 time frame, approximately 425 agencies issued almost 50,000 regulations but only 30 of those regulations were costing over a billion dollars a year to the regulated community or to the states, and EPA issued 17 of the 30, and those 17 account for 82 percent of all the costs for all 30 rules. Beginning in 1980 and onward, Congress passed numerous regulatory laws to provide guidance to the agencies as to the type of information needed to be developed by the agency to ensure that it complied with Congress's intent to have a sound rulemaking record based on fact, science and economics. These statutes were the Information Quality Act, the Regulatory Flexibility Act, and unfunded mandates reform. EPA routinely ignores Congressional mandates, and, more importantly, it has never started in 35 years a continuing evaluation of the employment impacts of its regulations, thereby leaving Congress without the information needed to legislate.    Therefore, the condition we have today and the circumstances we find ourselves in is we have an agency that has been given broad delegated authority to make policy. You have a federal judiciary that has said that anything that you don't describe in clear terms, that they have--that based on deference, they have the authority to fill in the legislative gaps.    The development of secret sue-and-settle agreements allows these advocacy groups to set agency policy, and we have an agency that for 35 years has refused to evaluate the impact of regulations on employment. We also have an agency that routinely ignores Congressional mandates to try to--that fix the regulatory record through having the agency talk to small businesses, find out what the unfunded mandates are on state and local governments, and use sound and science--sound science and factual information.    If Congress wants its laws implicated according to what you believe you've legislated, it must ensure that the agency is accountable to Congress, that the rulemaking process is transparent, that it operates within integrity, and provides all of the participants the same rights as they participate in the federal rulemaking process.    Thank you.    Mr. Kovacs. Well, I mean, there's several. One is when we did our own modeling on costs several years ago, we found that the EPA used what they call a limited model where the only thing they looked at was what are the impacts on job growth, and that was very narrow in the sense that it asked how many consultants are you going to have. So when they modeled the mackerel, for example, it found that it created 8,000 jobs. When we used whole-economy modeling, we found that it lost 240,000 jobs, and that's one of the huge debates that's going on right now with the Science Advisory Board. They've been instructed by Congress to determine whether or not EPA is modeling's is incorrect.    Mr. Kovacs. We did a study using EPA's own data just to figure out that exact question. We asked in each of the studies that the EPA was doing in terms of reducing pollution, whether it be ozone or mercury or whatever, EPA--let's use mercury. EPA--the entire utility MACT was mercury but only $6 million out of $10 billion in EPA's claimed benefits came from mercury. The rest came from particulate matter, and what's happened is, we've taken particulate matter down to whether--where it's 30 percent below where EPA says it's safe and 20 percent below where the World Health Organization says it's safe. We're still reducing it, so we're spending billions of dollars to reduce something that's already 30 percent below what they say is safe.    Mr. Kovacs. Congressman, I think you're going to be surprised with my answer. I think we don't know, and the reason why I say that is part of--when Congress first legislated these acts in the 1970s, you asked for very specific information. There was a debate on the Floor that was really fascinating, and one of the members--one of the Democrats got up and said, you know, I'm tired of this issue being fought in this way--this is the end of the world or this is going to protect the world. They specifically said we know we're going to impact jobs, we know that, but Congress has a major role and we need information to come back to us from the Agency. You never got that.    And in the 1980s and the 1990s, Congress again said we're going to pass the Information Quality Act, and that said is, the Agency has to take information from the public and the public has a right to challenge the Agency's information. The agencies, not just EPA, have refused to do that. You've asked for input under the unfunded mandates and the impact on states. States implement 92 percent of all the environmental laws, and EPA does not look at unfunded mandates. It generally dismisses and says there's no impact on the states. Even for ozone, EPA says there's no impact on the states. There's no unfunded mandate for a rule that they say is going to cost approximately $90 billion a year.    So you don't know, and one of the things that's really needed in this issue is, we fought over the issue for too long. We need the information on data quality to work. We need the information on 321(a) in the Clean Air Act to tell you how it's impacted jobs because regulations aren't just something that happens to the whole country. Regulations are something that happens to an industry. So if an industry is hit and it's in Wisconsin or Idaho or wherever, that industry and that community's affected. There may be jobs created elsewhere but you still have an industry and a community that's been hurt, and you don't have that information and EPA has never given it to you.    Mr. Kovacs. Well, I think in terms of ozone, we've really had probably 30 years of what you're describing. I mean, look, going back to the early 1980s, many sectors of the economy--steel, foundries, carpets, furniture--you pick it, because nonattainment areas could not get the credits to stay operating, were forced either, one, to other areas of the country or two, they were forced overseas. And so that's been going on for quite some time.    Again, I come back to the fact that these are issues that really should be resolved, and let me just give you one example as to how hard it is to resolve it. We've talked a lot today about science and transparency, and we've challenged EPA for years, but in 1999, when the Pope and Daugherty study was first issued, I wrote a FOIA to EPA and was denied everything. So all the scientific basis for a lot of what they're talking about in PM and ozone has been denied to the public, and the only people who can have access to it are EPA and their researchers. Chairman Smith issued a subpoena last year and couldn't get the information.    One of the things that we need to have in this country is complete and total transparency. The Agency needs to be able to put its models, its science in the record. It needs to implement the environmental--or the Informational Quality Act. They need to accept information from the public and they need to sit down and talk about it. These--if the data's there, then they shouldn't be afraid of it. If it's not there then they should be afraid of it.    Mr. Kovacs. Well, thank you for the question. First of all, I give tremendous credit to the business community. They are extraordinarily innovative, and I am absolutely thrilled that your wife worked with the Chamber and you were with the Falls Church Chamber.    Now, having said that, we at the Chamber, we don't really--when we talk about job impact and regulatory impact, we talk about a system that the United States constantly creates jobs and we're constantly creating more jobs and hope we will even do better in the future, but when a regulation comes out, it actually affects specific industries. When ozone comes out, for example, it's going to--initially we have the history of it coming out and literally knocking out, let's just say California or anyplace else--chemical manufacturing in certain areas, oil manufacturing, paint and coatings. And what happens is, those people truly are out of jobs, and when you look at the fact that if you're over 55 and you're out of a job, your chances are only about 25 percent of having a job the rest of your life, and what we're trying to impress upon them is, yes, it's easy to say wow, we have a lot of great technology companies and they're creating a lot of jobs. What's happening is, the regulations are putting people and communities out of business, and that should be just as much of a concern because the health impacts when a community goes out of business is drug abuse, heart attacks, hypertension, and all we're trying to say is, let's get the facts on the table and let's have an honest discussion. Let's put the health-related effects out, let's put the job-related effects out. This should not be a problem. This should be a problem that Congress can solve. This shouldn't be a problem we fight over. That's been my testimony.    Mr. Kovacs. I think the easiest way to address your question is to start off with one of your conclusions where ``enough is enough,'' and I think at that point in time, I don't think you can get to dealing with the present regulatory system without a change in the Administrative Procedure Act, and Chairman Smith is very familiar with this. But right now you can't get the kind of data into the system that you need. You can't get the Agency to participate and you can't get the Agency to look and talk to the public the way it needs to. Until you can get the kind of early-on input where people say here's what we think and the Agency says here's what we have, and you begin the discussion 90 days before rule, and then you begin to have the Information Quality Act put into the system where people can actually say oh, this is the data.    You have--Congress has to find some way to get the process to work. There is nothing with the law that court decisions have come down on deference and with the way the agencies ignore Congress. Congress has to make a fundamental change in how rules are made.    And the last point, because I don't want to just filibuster, but the last point is, there are 4,000 rules coming out every year. Three thousand seven hundred really work. Ninety-five percent of the system works. It's -- we're talking two or three or four major rules a year, and most of those rules come out of EPA. So when you look at the whole regulatory system, you don't need to throw it all away, but for those major rules that are over a billion dollars that fundamentally change society, you have to have a new way of approaching it.    Mr. Johnson of Ohio. My time's expired, but Mr. Eisenberg, would you want to respond to that?    Mr. Kovacs. Yes.    Mr. Kovacs. Yes, that's--they have this technical where if it's a mandate, they don't--and the state has to do it, they don't count it as----    Mr. Kovacs. Yes.    Mr. Kovacs. Well, that's been the point of my testimony, that Congress has legislated for years common sense and you haven't gotten it.    Mr. Kovacs. It's not common sense.    Mr. Kovacs. No.    Mr. Kovacs. Well, it certainly is significant expansion of their authority. I think what troubles me the most in this whole argument is not once in all the hundreds of pages that they have did they ever say that the states weren't doing a good job on state waters, which is really remarkable. Second, that they never said that the water quality that was administered by the states was in any way impaired. That's quite remarkable. Under unfunded mandates, they make it very clear that they are imposing no mandates on state and local governments, and in terms of small business they say there's absolutely no impact even though they're greatly enhancing jurisdiction.    This is a shell game, and this is what the whole regulatory process has become, and that's why I keep on pleading, Congress really needs to take more action and get back in the game.