    Mr. Meyer. Thank you. Good morning. Mr. Chairman, Ranking Member Cummings, distinguished members of the committee, I'm honored to appear before you today representing the Department of Homeland Security to discuss the considerable efforts DHS devotes to complying with oversight requests by this committee and by the United States Congress generally.    My name is Jonathan Meyer, and I serve as Deputy General Counsel at DHS. I have devoted the bulk of my career to public service and have had the honor to work in both Chambers of Congress for Members on both sides of the aisle as well as in positions in the executive branch as both a career and a political appointee. I consider it a high privilege to have done so, and the varied experience I have accumulated informs my daily work on behalf of the American people. As Deputy General Counsel, I oversee DHS attorneys who are responsible for litigation, regulations, and legislation that is handled by the Office of the General Counsel, and I supervise attorneys providing advice to the many components, offices, and directorates at DHS. More relevant to today's hearing, I also supervise our small congressional oversight team, which works closely with our Office of Legislative Affairs and components of the Department to assist and advise them on responding to congressional oversight requests from the 92 committees and subcommittees with jurisdiction over the Department.    As Assistant Secretary for Legislative Affairs, Tia Johnson said during her testimony in January, Secretary Johnson has pledged transparency and candor with Congress and has committed to respond to congressional inquiries in a timely fashion. Under his leadership, the Department's responsiveness to oversight requests has improved by over 60 percent. We have cut our average response time from 42 business days to less than 17.    We have accomplished this in spite of a significant increase in oversight requests. During calendar year 2015, DHS received approximately 700 oversight letters and countless more oversight requests. Of those, 70 letters came from members of this committee. At the current rate, that number will double this year. Similarly, the hearing schedule has accelerated. DHS is on pace to provide half, again, as many hearing witnesses to this committee this year as last. Recognizing Congress' legitimate oversight responsibility, we are making even greater efforts to accommodate the committee's increased demands.    In inviting DHS to testify today, the committee referenced the Department's responses to oversight requests and demands regarding the Transportation Security Administration, the U.S. Secret Service, and two immigration-related matters.    In the past 6 months, TSA has received 8 letters with over 30 requests for information. In response, TSA has made available approximately 21,000 pages of documents. TSA staff have conducted a briefing, and five TSA personnel have participated in transcribed interviews. Another briefing is scheduled for this Thursday.    Since this committee began its oversight investigation of the Secret Service, it has issued 13 letters, 1 subpoena, and countless informal requests. In response, the Secret Service has provided 15 briefings, hearing testimony from 2 witnesses, and transcribed interviews by 8 employees who have voluntarily left their duties for the day to accommodate the committee's request. At the chairman's request, the Secret Service also facilitated a visit to its headquarters for members of this committee. In total, the Secret Service has made available over 13,000 pages of documents in response to the committee's request in this area in addition to classified documents in the appropriate setting, all at a time when, as the chairman and ranking member have noted, the Secret Service is historically underresourced.    These efforts have supplemented the Secret Service's hard work to respond to inquiries about the operations of the Secret Service from the independent Protective Mission Panel, 7 investigations by the office of the inspector general, and the oversight inquiries of 10 other congressional committees and subcommittees.    With regard to the immigration-related matters, the Department has produced over 2,000 pages of documents, provided a classified and unclassified briefing and a day-long transcribed interview of ICE's special agent in charge of its El Paso office, who flew in from Texas to accommodate the committee. We continue to work to accommodate your requests for documents and additional transcribed interviews.    Mr. Chairman, Secretary Johnson has made responsiveness to Congress a priority, and DHS has shown results, but we are not resting on those results. We are determined to work with the committee to continue to improve our record. I'll be happy to answer any questions the committee may have.    Mr. Meyer. I have read it, yes, sir.    Mr. Meyer. I am, sir.    Mr. Meyer. Yes. And all laws emanate from the Congress----    Mr. Meyer. --authorized by that document.    Mr. Meyer. Yes. Congress has the right to conduct oversight of TSA and DHS and other agencies.    Mr. Meyer. Congressman----    Mr. Meyer. Congressman, TSA has produced over 21,000----    Mr. Meyer. --pages of documents.    Mr. Meyer. Yes, I am.    Mr. Meyer. I'm aware that he was asked to disclose a confidential attorney-client----    Mr. Meyer. --communication, and he was asked not to. I'm happy to answer your question, sir.    Mr. Meyer. The question you asked him.    Mr. Meyer. Yes. That's my understanding.    Mr. Meyer. That's correct.    Mr. Meyer. Thank you, Congresswoman. I'd be happy to answer your question.    Yes, as you can imagine, researching, finding documents going back 15 years can be quite an intensive task, particularly for an agency like the Secret Service, which is primarily almost exclusively composed of special agents who are trained in protection and law enforcement, not oversight response. As you can imagine, if you go back that far, they're not electronic records. They're, I believe, primarily hardcopy records. They're often stored offsite, not even in the same State. It can take a lot of work and a lot of time, but I'd like to say the Secret Service is committed to doing that and has been working to do that, even within the constraints it has, and has been producing documents. I believe they've produced documents something like 17 different times in response to that subpoena and the letter that preceded it.    Mr. Meyer. I don't see how something like that could be done in 2 weeks, ma'am.    Mr. Meyer. Yes. It's a very time-intensive endeavor. And, of course, staffing is at a premium, particularly at the Secret Service.    Mr. Meyer. Thank you, Congressman. I am aware that such information has been made available in the past. I have not personally been involved in this issue currently. So I'm happy to take that question back and get you an answer, but I don't myself know that.    Mr. Meyer. Sir, I don't know. I'm happy to look into that.    Mr. Meyer. Yeah. Congressman, I agree with you: it's an important issue. There are obvious public safety implications. I'm happy to look into it and get back to you.    Mr. Meyer. Congress, as I believe I discussed with Congressman Mica, is entitled to oversight under the Constitution and under various laws, so it is entitled to look into any matter that is legitimate oversight that serves a legislative interest.    Mr. Meyer. Well, I don't know. I don't have a view as to what constitutes legitimate oversight.    Mr. Meyer. Yeah. Because I believe that's what--the state of the law, but I think countless courts----    Mr. Meyer. Well, the courts have called on the executive branch and the legislative branch to work together to try to accommodate each other's interests, and that's certainly what we try to do.    Mr. Meyer. Well, courts have recognized the executive privilege, for example. So if something is clearly covered by the executive privilege----    Mr. Meyer. Who can offer it? The President typically would authorize----    Mr. Meyer. Right.    Mr. Meyer. I believe so.    Mr. Meyer. I can't speak to the other agencies----    Mr. Meyer. In the 5 years I've been at DHS, executive privilege has not been claimed on any item.    Mr. Meyer. Well, it depends on the material. Some material is simply not responsive to what the committee is asking about, because you can have a document that deals with the issue you're inquiring about and then also includes other issues.    Mr. Meyer. It depends on the matter. There are certainly plenty of names we have provided to you.    Mr. Meyer. Thank you, Congresswoman. I'd be happy to. As you mentioned, the EB-5 program is a program that has been the subject of considerable congressional attention going back as far as 2010 and certainly in 2012, 2014. And at that time, we responded to a lot of congressional oversight about it. We've testified at 16 hearings about----    Mr. Meyer. It takes the same sort of thing I discussed with your colleague, Congresswoman. It requires searching for documents, reviewing them, finding----    Mr. Meyer. So it depends on the issue, but let's take this issue, the EB-5 program. The EB-5 program is a program that is housed primarily at USCIS, United States Citizenship and Immigration Services, but this particular request focused more on ICE, Immigration and Customs Enforcement, but in order for the search to be complete on matters related to EB-5, we have to search in two different places, each of which is tens of thousands of employees.    What we would typically do is try to identify as precisely as we can what the committee is looking for, try to talk to the committee staff so that we can be clear about that, and then go to the people who we think would normally have those documents, and try to identify them. There are also documents, I should say----    Mr. Meyer. So there are many people who deal with that in various----    Mr. Meyer. So a request like that comes into ICE, and typically the Office of Congressional Relations at ICE as well as the Chief Counsel's Office would be involved. If there are equities involving the headquarters, then also our Office of General Counsel and the Office of Legislative Affairs at DHS might also be involved.    Mr. Meyer. So may I respond, Congresswoman?    Mr. Meyer. I completely agree, and we are trying very hard to improve our performance. As I said in my opening statement, we have improved significantly over the past number of years. Our response time has gone down by 60 percent, and that's in the face of--I believe it's something like a 75 or 100 percent increase in the number of requests were getting specifically from this committee, and as I said, despite those increases, we've improved our responsiveness. There's definitely a lot more improvement we can do. We are working to do that.    Mr. Meyer. No, sir.    Mr. Meyer. Yes, we did, sir.    Mr. Meyer. I was aware that some other agencies had received it. I wasn't aware of who they all were.    Mr. Meyer. Well, as I understand it, to fully comply with this request, we would have to look at every location that DHS maintains. I believe we are located in all 50 States. We have 200 and--approximately 230,000 employees. We--just in the national capital region, we have over 50 locations. So it would be substantial, the number of resources required.    Mr. Meyer. Yes.    Mr. Meyer. Yes.    Mr. Meyer. Yes, sir.    Mr. Meyer. Yes, sir.    Mr. Meyer. Yes. That's my understanding.    Mr. Meyer. Yes, sir.    Mr. Meyer. There is no explanation. There is no excuse, sir. I've only recently learned that that was happening. It was an error. We will share with you every document we share with the majority.    Mr. Meyer. I don't know, sir. I can find out.    Mr. Meyer. I do, sir.    Mr. Meyer. As soon as we can figure out what they are missing.    Mr. Meyer. I recently learned in conversation that you had not gotten--I believe there were cases where you had and other cases where you hadn't. We're working to fix that, if it already hasn't been fixed.    Mr. Meyer. Yes, sir.    Mr. Meyer. Yes.    Mr. Meyer. Yes, sir. We'll send them wherever you would like us to send them.    Mr. Meyer. I don't know if I did, but we will fix it, sir.    Mr. Meyer. Yes, sir.    Mr. Meyer. Yes, I will.    Mr. Meyer. I agree, sir.    Mr. Meyer. TSA does not work for me, sir, but I work with them, and we are going to improve communication to make sure these kinds of errors don't take place again.    Mr. Meyer. Okay. So, just to be clear, almost the entire day was about the vulnerabilities in the EB-5 program. But you're inquiring about the interagency working group?    Mr. Meyer. Right. So the process, the interagency working group process is a process, and this goes back probably decades. It's a longstanding administration position, Democratic, Republican, not to discuss interagency processes like that one. And so what we suggested, I believe what our attorney suggested, is that we sit down with the staff and try to get the information to the staff that they need in a different way.    Mr. Meyer. I believe in conversations with the staff leading up to that, we did make clear that there would be some areas that the witness would not be able to speak about. But, you know, the interview went all day, and so they had a productive day.    Mr. Meyer. We're going through those requests right now and trying to get more to the committee. A large part of what was requested in that letter were for drafts, and again, going back decades, if not centuries, it's not the policy of the executive branch to share deliberative material like that with the legislative branch. But you have, the committee does have the final document, the signed document, and other final documents.    Mr. Meyer. I'll have to go back and talk to ICE about when we'll be able to get more documents.    Mr. Meyer. Yes, I believe those do occur.    Mr. Meyer. Legislative Affairs officials. I don't go to the general OLA type meetings because I'm in the General Counsel's Office.    Mr. Meyer. I do not.    Mr. Meyer. I do not.    Mr. Meyer. I assume they discuss legislative affairs, but beyond that, no.    Mr. Meyer. As with any agency, we will coordinate with the White House when they have equities in a request.    Mr. Meyer. You would have to ask them that.    Mr. Meyer. Well, for example, we have requests from you relating to the Vice President and his residence at the Vice President's Office, and the White House has equities in that.    Mr. Meyer. As with any agency, be it DOJ, HHS, what have you, we will coordinate with them when they have equities, and we will consult with them, and they'll be part of our consultative process in deciding how to go about responding.    Mr. Meyer. I have attended on occasion meetings.    Mr. Meyer. I haven't been to the White House for a meeting with White House counsel in quite some time. I would say, on average, a few times a year, I would go over there.    Mr. Meyer. Oh, I don't think there's a regular meeting of counsel in the way there is with Legislative Affairs.    Mr. Meyer. Yes, I am.    Mr. Meyer. As I told Mr. Mica, the questions were requesting him to discuss what attorneys advised him. That's subject to the attorney-client privilege, so our attorneys asked him not to respond and suggested that we discuss it in a different setting and try to get the committee the information they want. If you'd like, I can answer the broader question that I think they were asking right now.    Mr. Meyer. Well, to this point, it's a longstanding position of the executive branch, going back probably to before I was born, that we will not share attorney-client communications with the legislative branch. I recognize that the legislative branch takes a different position. That's a longstanding dispute between the branches.    Mr. Meyer. I met with the witness once. That's the only time I've ever met him. And we discussed what to expect in a transcribed interview.    Mr. Meyer. I don't recall. I believe it was an hour, an hour and a half.    Mr. Meyer. I'm not going to discuss attorney-client advice.    Mr. Meyer. No. We were representing him in his official capacity. We offered him the option of having personal counsel. He chose to use agency counsel, so my client is the Agency.    Mr. Meyer. I was not in the room. I don't believe he pleaded the Fifth at the transcribed interview.    Mr. Meyer. I don't recall. They may have.    Mr. Meyer. I think the attorney-client privilege is well enshrined in the history of the United States and going back to English common law and generally respected by the courts and the law.    Mr. Meyer. I'm not, sir.    Mr. Meyer. No.    Mr. Meyer. Are you speaking about the law that was the subject----    Mr. Meyer. Yes. Let me correct. I was not familiar with that name for it, but I am aware of that legislation.    Mr. Meyer. I did not know it was from 1912 or by Mr. La Follette, but----    Mr. Meyer. I believe it is.    Mr. Meyer. Not at all, sir.    Mr. Meyer. Yes. And if I may, I might add also that he requested that agency counsel be there. If he were intimidated, I don't think he would have done so.    Mr. Meyer. Nothing at all, sir.    Mr. Meyer. So we have provided quite a good number of documents relating to the Cartagena incident. We have provided to you every--I believe the Secret Service has given you every document that was previously made available to Congress, because, as you know, there were prior investigations of that--I believe in the House, but certainly in the Senate. So you have those.    I do recognize--I understand from the Secret Service that they have not yet begun production on this additional request, which asks for all documents, communications, emails, et cetera, I believe, regarding the Cartagena incident. As you know, that's a very broad request. It requires a very broad search, which I'm told is undertaken----    Mr. Meyer. Sir, we have produced----    Mr. Meyer. Yes, I confirmed that for you. We have produced about 17 times in response to the letter in the subpoena. In addition, your staff requested that we prioritize a different item over that one, and so we have been producing on that. That's the February 10, 2016, letter.    Mr. Meyer. I can't speak to that specific document that you're holding. I'd have to look at it, but we have redacted documents for any number of reasons, for national security reasons, deliberative communications, documents that are protected by law, information that may constitute an unwarranted invasion, an unnecessary invasion of personal privacy, those sorts of things.    Mr. Meyer. So I don't believe I've ever seen these specific documents.    Mr. Meyer. Because I don't work at the Secret Service, Mr. Chairman, but I am happy to review them and get you an answer.    Mr. Meyer. Absolutely. But I will freely admit I have not read all 13,000 pages that they have produced to you.    Mr. Meyer. The Department's.    Mr. Meyer. There are any number of people who work on that at the Department. One person alone could not produce all of these documents, sir.    Mr. Meyer. So it depends on the matter, on the documents, on the issues. It could be----    Mr. Meyer. There are attorneys at the office.    Mr. Meyer. There are employees of the Office of Legislative Affairs. There are employees of the Office of Congressional Relations.    Mr. Meyer. I do not want--if you want to blame someone, blame me, sir. I'm not going to blame career----    Mr. Meyer. They work for me. The attorneys at the Office of General Counsel----    Mr. Meyer. I certainly couldn't tell you that here and now.    Mr. Meyer. I will get back to you on that.    Mr. Meyer. I don't know, sir.    Mr. Meyer. I don't know the names of all the people who review those.    Mr. Meyer. I imagine I can get that to you sometime in the next couple of weeks.    Mr. Meyer. I am not going to promise anything because I'm not in the business of, under oath, making predictions that I cannot be certain I will keep, but I will do everything I can to get you an answer by May 5.    Mr. Meyer. Yes, we will continue to try to improve. As I say, we have improved a lot over the last couple years in the face of increased demands, but we're not going to rest on that. We're going to continue to try to improve.