    Mr. Buzbee. Chairman Marino, Ranking Member Johnson, and Members of the Subcommittee, thank you for the opportunity to discuss my views of bills under consideration.    And is this working okay?    Mr. Buzbee. Okay. H.R. 2631, as indicated by the opening statements, would require agencies to engage in notice-and-comment rulemaking before they could revise longstanding rules, interpretive rules, and, I think clearly, as everyone has indicated, this relates to the Supreme Court's Perez decision.    And I think, furthermore, these statements of the witnesses, indicate clearly, this is motivated by concerns with excessive regulatory power. But a few things are neglected: First, most interpretive rules are issued at the behest of businesses seeking consistency and clarity in the law. And I think that this proposal is a bad idea, especially for businesses, and I also think it would predictably backfire by creating incentives for behavior that nobody here would like.    Okay. First, there's an important problem with this bill, which is the very definition of interpretive rules. Interpretive rules are not defined in the APA, and there are a wide array of rule-like documents that agencies issue that could be called interpretive rules but also might not be. If a bill like this is to proceed, we really need to have a clear definition of interpretive rules and what do not count as interpretive rules.    Second, interpretive rules address a pervasive problem and legal challenge. There's a lot of work for lawyers because statutes and regulations leave difficult questions, and businesses seek clarity and they seek certainty. So they ask questions, and ask agencies to commit and to give some kind of guidance, and agencies often will do so.    However, if you require all longstanding interpretive rules to go through notice and comment, this will not lead to a wave of notice-and-comment proceedings; instead, interpretive rules would become rigidified, they would not be changed. Interpretive rules also would cease to be issued, or agencies would be much more likely to shift into more ad hoc modes of policy making or policy making through adjudications. This is not desirable.    Second----    Mr. Buzbee. Okay. Sure. Thank you.    In addition, the Perez case, which everyone mentioned, actually made a bill like this less necessary. Although the Supreme Court struck down the Paralyzed Veterans doctrine, it included strong language about the limited legal power of interpretive rules, taking a string of mostly lower court law, and making very clear that these kind of interpretive rules are not law. They don't have the sort of powerful effect.    Similarly, Supreme Court doctrine in recent years has made clear that interpretive rules do not receive the same kind of deference from the courts. Basically there is not need for this bill, and it would have bad effects that would really have the opposite effects I think people desire here.    Let me turn to H.R. 3438, the ``REVIEW Act of 2015.'' I think this is a simple bill and I applaud its elegance, but I think it could have devastating effects on the law and also could cause massive economic, environmental, and health harms, as well as create legal uncertainty.    So first, virtually all high-stakes bills are challenged by someone. This bill would stay any bill--any regulation simply upon the filing of such a challenge. The net effect would be to put regulations in abeyance, usually for years on end, regardless of the merits or seriousness of the challenge.    Second, most bills with high-stakes regulations have their own mandatory lead time or a period where people kind of phase in a regulation. An important issue of clarity is how would the tolling or the staying of lacking the effect of a regulation apply to bills and regulations with lead time.    Third, rules of broad impact are typically addressing huge risks to the population or the environment. So what are viewed as costs here also are accompanied by costs imposed on people or things that are protected. If a regulation is stayed, those harms will continue during the pendency of any legal challenges.    Cost-benefit analysis, many people debate it, but one basic fundamental rule of cost-benefit analysis is you have to consider cost and benefits of regulation. This bill only looks at the cost side of the ledger. Justice Scalia--a friend of several members of the panel here--recently said in Michigan v. EPA case that, reasonable regulation requires paying attention to the advantages and disadvantages of agency decisions.    Lastly, H.R. 3438 could be seen as an indirect effort to derail bills that could not be attacked directly. If there is a direct democratically-accountable challenge to a statute or regulation based on the merits, then people will know what is at stake. To simply stay a regulation upon a challenge would have an indirect effect and would not enhance democratic accountability.    Thank you very much.    Mr. Buzbee. Well, I agree with your view that, a regulation needs to be assessed for both the cost and the benefits, and having an asymmetrical examination only if costs with an automatic stay basically doesn't follow the basic sound views about cost-benefit analysis----    Mr. Buzbee. Yes, it does.    Mr. Buzbee. That is correct.    Mr. Buzbee. Well, I think that the supposition that there isn't an opportunity for a stay before the courts is not correct. The courts will----    Mr. Buzbee. That's correct.    Mr. Buzbee. Well, I think many agencies actually add lead time----    Mr. Buzbee. I believe the administrative law doctrine is quite sound in this area.    Mr. Buzbee. No, thank you.    Mr. Buzbee. Yes, that is correct.    Mr. Buzbee. That's correct, it's both to address regulatory uncertainty and then, agencies also usually desire to have consistency and implementation and enforcement and, hence, both business and agency see benefits to clarity in their interpretive rules.    Mr. Buzbee. I think the most predictable effect is the backfiring I talked about. If you add process, impose new process on agencies, you know, examination of past, similar proposals so that agencies will avoid that additional process, so instead of having lots more notice and common rulemaking, you probably have fewer of these clarifying interpretive rules and more policymaking through adjudications and more ad hoc conversations.    Mr. Buzbee. In my experience, both as a professor and then also when I was advising the industry, is there's great difficulty getting, figuring out the answer to particular questions, so typically agencies seek--sorry. Businesses seek more guidance, not less, and they really would like to have agencies say what they wanted.    I was at a proceeding years ago, and a home builder said, I don't care what the rules are. I want to know what the rules are, and if I can know what the rules are, then I can comply. And interpretive rules tend to bring that sort of clarity, and that's the idea behind them.    Mr. Buzbee. Well, one important aspect is by not defining what counts as cost. If this became law, there's a lot of different ways you can define cost. Some people call for cost-effective regulation. Virtually everyone says that if you're going to be cost-benefit analysis, you don't just look at direct effects, you look at all of societal costs and benefits. Mr. Noe, years ago worked on the idea that you should look at all societal costs and benefits and then look at the net of them to figure out if regulation is a good idea. This bill, by saying you stay any regulation by just looking at costs might stay a regulation that might be incredibly important and leave people very vulnerable.    Mr. Buzbee. Sure.    Mr. Buzbee. Sure. I would be happy to. Supreme Court doctrine going back, actually, 1940's and 1950's which make clear, agencies can make policies in several different modes and Administrative Procedure Act has also long recognized that. And so when you add a regulatory burden on one of the options here, interpretive rules, agencies will look at the other options they have. And one of the options agencies have is to do things in a more ad hoc basis, or possibly, other the other forms of non-notice and comment rules. And so what may end up happening is more ad hoc and less known law, and that's been long established that agencies have that choice.    The law doesn't force them to do notice-and-comment rulemaking, even if people think that would be a good idea in some areas. Some statutes do. Some statutes say regulations in a particular area have to go through notice-and-comment rulemaking, and often with deadlines, and then agencies do them. But a lot--usually interpretive rules are two or three layers down below a high-stakes promulgated regulation.    I just have one example that there was mention of the waters of the United States rule in Rapanos. The Supreme Court came with an extremely confusing decision. The Army Corps of Engineers and EPA immediately, or within a few months, tried to come out with a guidance document interpreting that ruling so people would understand how they understood an extraordinarily confusing decision. And not everyone would have necessarily agree with all aspects of it, but it brought greater clarity to the law.