    Mr. Chabot. One last thing, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Chabot. No.    Mr. Chabot. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I want to thank you for holding this hearing.    And the gentlelady from California, who I have great respect for, indicated that this hearing is disappointing, and it is, certainly, disappointing that we have to hold a hearing like this about an organization that every year brutally kills hundreds of thousands of unborn, innocent babies and sells their body parts and does that for profit.    I happen to represent most of the city of Cincinnati, and Planned Parenthood does approximately 330,000 abortions. It's the largest abortion provider in this country. They basically wipe out the population of the city of Cincinnati every year. It's about 300,000 people in that particular community, and it's just--so it is very disappointing that we have to have a hearing like this and hear the testimony.    Ms. Fredrickson, you earlier said that--I think your comment about Mr. Chaffetz, saying something along the lines of, ``Well, it isn't against the law,'' and if that's the case, what--the organization that you're here testifying on their behalf today--if it's accurate that what you're doing--destroying little, innocent, unborn lives and selling their body parts for profit--if that's not against the law, then we damn well better change the law and make it against the law because we're supposed to be a civilized society and a civilized country. And to think that that kind of behavior is occurring in these modern times, it makes one wonder what the hell's going on in this country. It's disgusting.    And when I saw these videos--and I know the excuse is, ``Oh, well. We didn't know we were being taped,'' I mean, what a defense. ``We didn't know that somebody might actually find out what's going on in the Planned Parenthood facilities all over the country, that it might get out what's going on.'' I mean, that's a heck of a defense, and some of the people that are here--and all three of the other witnesses in particular--I think it takes a lot of courage, you know, to experience some of the things that you've experienced over the years and to be willing to come here and testify about what has happened. And thank God that you are willing to do that, and all three, all the stories.    And, Dr. Levatino, I heard you testify in this Committee in the past, and, you know, thank you for coming forward and doing what you're doing now to expose what has occurred.    I guess--and I've probably used up a lot of my time already, but, doctor, I guess, if you could again--and I know you've already said it, but I think it bears hearing it a second time, that--you know, in your past, obviously, you did perform abortions and then at some point in your life decided that ``I'm not going to do that anymore.''    Could you share again what it was that made that change for you?    Mr. Chabot. Thank you. Thank you.    Ms. Stoltenberg, you indicated that you've--and I know you've got a whole bunch of other women that were in your circumstances, that their lives have been changed. Would you want to share some of the stories of other women? You don't necessarily have to give their names but what you have heard from others and how this has affected their lives so that--there's actually two victims here. There's the unborn child, and there's also the woman, who's been a victim oftentimes, in a Planned Parenthood facility since they're the largest abortion provider.    But could you share, in the brief time that I have left, anything you'd like to say about the other women you've talked to over the years about that?    Mr. Chabot. Thank you very much.    I yield back my time.