    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Thank you so much, Mr. Chairman. Thank you for this hearing. From the ransom payments in Iran, to the alleged secret Iran deals, and humanitarian catastrophe that is unfolding every day in Syria, the manipulations of intelligence on ISIS, there are too many examples of how the White House has manipulated information while keeping the Congress and, most importantly, the American people in the dark.    And Mr. Chairman, thank you so much for bringing up Cuba in your opening statement because that is a good example of what was happening with the secretive nature. The White House decided to keep not only Congress in the dark but also cut out the State Department and others, even though the White House was negotiating with the Cuban regime for more than a year. Then Assistant Secretary Jacobson testified before our committee in February 2015 that she found out about the negotiations just weeks before the announcement. And when former Deputy National Security Advisor and now Deputy Secretary of State Tony Blinken testified at his confirmation hearing in November 2014, he assured the Senate Foreign Relations Committee that any change in U.S. policy toward Cuba would be done in full consultation with Congress. Well, that turned out to be an utter falsehood, as less than a month later with zero consultation with the Congress, the administration announced what has proven to be a complete failure of a deal with the Castro regime. And as we heard from Ambassador Bloomfield, NSC staffers shouldn't conduct official actions, which are supposed to be the responsibility of agencies that are answerable to Congress, and then expect to be immune from accountability.    So, Mr. Chollet, I have a series of questions. We won't have time to answer them but maybe we can have a discussion afterward.    Is it worrisome that NSC is not accountable to Congress or that when Congress attempts to exercise our oversight authority in the foreign policy realm, it cannot perform that function because NSC officials do not testify before Congress? Also, what steps can Congress make in order to make the NSC more transparent?    There was a time when NSC staffers were trained on the proper rules to delineate between the duties and roles of the NSC and the duties and roles of the State Department or Defense Department, making sure that they didn't overlap and, instead, stayed focused on their responsibility in those lanes and left the policymaking to the proper person. And I was wondering if you received that kind of training when you were at the NSC and do you have any idea if training programs of this type still exist.    Also, in November of last year, when I traveled to Afghanistan and our generals on the ground indicated that their hands were tied when it came to operations, no doubt it was because, I believe, NSC was overriding our leaders on the field, and former Defense Secretaries Gates and Panetta both have complained about NSC staff imposing themselves on their jurisdiction. Based on your experience in both the NSC and various government agencies, maybe you can help shed some light on that.    Thank you, sir.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Thank you. That is right.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Well, thank you.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Thank you very much. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I know I am out of time but thank you for this hearing. Thank you, gentlemen.