    Ms. Castor. Mr. Chairman, I have to object to this. You don't have any context for this. What we understand from all of the investigations is that these are manufactured videos, highly edited, selective. And I would object and say you need to run these by the minority so that we can provide some context.    Ms. Castor. Thank you.    Well, I respect my colleagues and my neighbors and many Americans have deeply held beliefs on the issue of personal health matters. But that is not what this is about. Today we are spending our time on a politically manufactured distraction. Republicans in Congress hope that you will be distracted from their failure to meet their fundamental responsibility of passing a budget because we are 6 legislative days away from shutting down the Government.    But make no mistake about it, this is also an insult to women and families all across America. I am very disappointed in this committee, Mr. Chairman, very disappointed, because this committee is party to lies, a smear campaign on Planned Parenthood, doctored videos. I objected early on because a few weeks ago press reports established the fact that the Center for Medical Progress, that video that you showed, was wholly inaccurate, and they said it was inaccurate, and you showed it anyway.    And I will read from the Christian Post: ``The Center for Medical Progress clarified that in its most recent video, the baby depicted is from a stillborn birth.'' It is not a second trimester baby from Planned Parenthood. And I would have to think that your professional staff and maybe even some of the members on your side knew that. It was reported in the Christian Post. It was reported in The Hill. It was reported in other publications.    You know that stillborn baby, where that picture came from? It came from the blog of the grieving mother. It is not what you purported it to be. It is not what this group that is smearing and putting out these doctored videos said that it was. And the committee should not be a party to that.    I will submit for the record these press reports and ask that you please read them.    But you know, this is a disturbing pattern, and I wanted to focus also on what has happened in my home State of Florida. Because in July, after these videos surfaced, my Republican Governor, Rick Scott, ordered an investigation of all Planned Parenthood clinics across Florida, not other clinics, and it was determined, after investigation by the Agency for Health Care Administration, that there was no ``there'' there.    What happened subsequently falls into this pattern of doctoring evidence and distortions. You see, the Agency for Health Care Administration then put out a press statement, a press release, to establish the fact, and here is their language, they put out a press release, said, ``Our investigation last week into Planned Parenthood clinics,'' blah blah, blah, ``however, there is no evidence of the mishandling of fetal remains at any of the 16 clinics we investigated.''    But the press, the reporters in Florida did a public records request after the final press release came out that omitted this line, and it turns out that the press shop in the Governor's office took the Agency for Health Care Administration's press release and scrubbed it of that finding.    Just yesterday, the communications director from the Agency for Health Care Administration resigned. I am sure the Governor was not happy with the fact that emails were discovered by the press in Florida where the communications director said, ``I would have thought a line on no handling of fetal remains would be included, as that is what questions will be on.'' The agency's secretary said agrees with the comment. Reporters subsequently obtained both versions, and it has been uncovered the Governor's office scrubbed it. He orchestrated the whole thing. This is part of a very disturbing pattern all across the country based on manufactured evidence, lies, and a smear campaign.    It is beneath the dignity of this committee. It undermines the important work we do to ensure women's health care, and I would hope that everyone would disavow what is happening here, this smear campaign on women's health and the clinics they rely on.    I will yield the remaining time to Mr. Green.    Ms. Castor. Oh, excuse me. I will ask unanimous consent that those be admitted into the record.