    Mr. Connolly. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I want to welcome both of our witnesses. And I think, Mr. Stivers, this is your first. This is your debut on that side of the table so we have to be gentle.    And Ms. Biswal, let the record show you represent our Government. There seemed to be some confusion about that in the past. It is great to have you both here.    One of the things I hope we get a chance to hear from you is, I am interested in efficacy of foreign economic, of our economic assistance. We have been in South Asia a long time, and to what extent can we correlate the investments we have made over the decades with metrics that matter like GDP, the rise out of poverty, infant mortality or survivability, food production, job growth and the like, or is it just an incidental that has helped make things better marginally?    I think that is critical to this question, because how does aid play a role in our foreign policy in this corner of the world, especially the title of our hearing is The U.S. Rebalance in South Asia? Well, is economic assistance a critical tool as part of that rebalancing? What is that rebalancing? What is the role that aid is going to play and how does it make people's lives better? And how do the recipients of this investment by the U.S. taxpayer know about it? Do they make the connection that their lives are improving because of this investment the American people have made?    And I would be very interested in that because we have been at this game a long time, and I do believe that actually there are such metrics but I don't think we always do as good a job in the narrative as we should which affects support here for those investments. And if we are going to sustain them and maybe even build upon them, I think we have to have a compelling narrative and we have got to have metrics that are compelling as well.    So I look forward to your testimony in setting that context. And I am going to be in an out because I have another hearing as well, but I will be following what you say. At any rate, thank you, and Mr. Chairman, thank you for the time.    Mr. Connolly. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. Biswal, I know it has been brought to your attention that there seems to be a serious issue with the seizure of Indian passports bearing a T visa issued by the United States to Indian nationals. I believe you have been apprised to that issue by us. I believe we have written to you. Can you please comment on it? This is very troubling. I mean here are people who have been victims of human trafficking. We give them a special status on their visa or their passport or both, and the Indian Government is seizing them.    Mr. Connolly. What is the rationale you are given by the Indian Government?    Mr. Connolly. All right. Well, I would appreciate you responding in writing to the requests that have been given to you by us.    And Mr. Chairman, I would ask for unanimous consent that a document, a one-page document, issued by the Intelligence Bureau of the Ministry of Home Affairs with the Government of India regarding this issue be formally entered into the record.    Mr. Connolly. I thank my friend.    Final question and switching gears entirely, your turn, Mr. Stivers. I mentioned in my brief opening remarks about my concern about, well, my desire to see more metrics and more of a narrative about the cumulative positive impact, hopefully, of our economic investments in the form of foreign aid especially in South Asia.    I want to give you the opportunity--I know you are new, but you are not new to the subject matter and so forth--your observations about that.