    Mr. Farr. There are plots on the Capitol?    Mr. Farr. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I hope that after the votes we will come back, because this is a half-a-billion-dollar budget hearing, and we haven't even talked about the Architect of the Capitol.    Mr. Farr. Well, I would like to echo, Chief Dine and the others, your incredible public service.    Mr. Farr. I want to also thank you for allowing the kids to sled on the west slope after the Snowmageddon. I think that was a great uplift for the Hill, and I appreciate your tolerance in that.    Mr. Farr. You just laid out, I mean, to me it seems have built an empire since you have been here. And that is a good thing. I think people in charge need to build empires. But when you talk about an open campus, I would argue that your actions make it is less open. The garages are less open because we have closed permanent doors in Longworth and Rayburn garages. We have closed hallways. We now want to put a magnetometer and officers in the garage off of Longworth.    I am concerned because right now, as we speak, somebody just sent me a video--I mean, a picture of the long line outside of Longworth. All this week people have been out there, and last week in the rain, out to the sidewalk. You haven't changed the number of officers in that line, you have two magnetometers there, and only one is ever open. The same number of officers are on there. And we keep giving you more officers.    This building is owned by the American public, not by us in Congress. They lend us these jobs, and in turn we hire you. But our function for all of us here is to make government accessible and petitionable and all of those things, and I know we have to have all this security. We have to have good security. But I am concerned about sort of the mission creep, and I want to get into some questions.    One of them is, and I asked this last year, but I don't know if I got an answer about how many law enforcement agencies are there, including all the Federal agencies, the Park Service Police and the White House, both uniform and un-uniform. How many law enforcement agencies are there in the District of Columbia?    Mr. Farr. Thirty-two separate law enforcement.    Mr. Farr. And do you have interoperable agreements with them, like the fire department does, on backup responding?    Mr. Farr. Well, as I understand, last year, when you were asking for the increase, it was for overtime, and the overtime was being paid because we had to release officers on these new special duties. We have a canine team, we have a chemical team, we have a SWAT team, we have all kinds of different teams, and officers have to be specially trained for that, and we give them overtime. We suggested that, perhaps with mutual aid agreements, that these 32 departments together could probably respond to a lot of these specialty needs without having to have our own in, without having everything in-house.    I mean, this is the kind of problem the Government has everywhere, just needing more and more and more. We are coming to the end of the line of that. We are really looking for building of more cost-effective collaboratives.    Mr. Farr. Don't each of those 32 agencies have to do the same thing? I mean, doesn't the Metropolitan Police, which surrounds us, have all those functions? You have a 4-block jurisdiction, they are responsible for everything in that and outside.    Mr. Farr. Well, that is what I am kind of hinting at, that maybe some of that mission ought to be more shared and more mutually responsive than just stand-alone here.    Mr. Farr. Thank you.    Mr. Farr. You are leaving, so we can say anything.    Mr. Farr. Well, I appreciate that. I think what Congresswoman Wasserman Schultz was talking about is the Board's role.    I think, Mr. Chairman, one of the things that we need to do in Congress, and everything we do in government, is to be aware of mission creep. We gave no COLA to our employees last year. The budget by the Architect of the Capitol, I think requests about a--I forget the percentage increase, but it is a substantial percentage increase. And the Capitol Police, it is a 9, almost 10 percent increase in the budget request.    We all need to be focused on safety and morale. Poor morale could lead to crazy gun shooters. We can secure ourselves beyond necessity, at the same time leave ourselves vulnerable to disgruntled people. So I do think you always have to balance that.    I just wonder whether these new checkpoints--particularly setting up a magnetometer in the Longworth garage access point when staff have already been cleared to enter--is necessary. Drivers to go in with your their own car, you have to show your own ID, nobody can be in that car without an ID, officers look in your trunk, you park your car, you get out, then you got to do it all over again. That person is our staff.    In fact, you are going to hear, because I just, being late to this, I rushed my staff through the security downstairs because people said when you are in a hurry and your chief of staff is with you, you can do that. And the officer called me out, wanted to know my name, took it down, I gave it to him, and he said he was going to talk to you about it. So you can say: Well, that Farr, he is just a troublemaker anyway.    I think that by doing this we are questioning the loyalty of our own staff. And, you know, you are only going to put this magnetometer in one garage, in one place. It is not going to be done in the Rayburn garage. So why not wait until it can be done in all garages? Instead you should have officers opening up building doors, so when the public is trying to get into Longworth, they can get in, and probably Cannon as well, and Rayburn.    If we need more officers for the door, that is fine, but do we need more officers to check our staff? I am not with it.    Let me just ask you one last question and then I am finished. When we were talking, I went back and looked at the stated priorities of the department, and your stated priority is to provide comprehensive internal assessment, assessment capability to identify and validate threats.    Is it true that there are Members of Congress who carry concealed weapons on campus and even in the House Chamber?    Mr. Farr. Do they carry concealed weapons, some Members?    Mr. Farr. You don't know about those?    Mr. Farr. Can they get into their offices with those weapons?    Mr. Farr. Do you know every Member who has one?    Mr. Farr. Isn't that part of your role under your responsibility to know?    Mr. Farr. Well, interesting? It is essential. Here we are trying to create a really secured campus, and we don't even know how many Members are essentially violating the rules. the law allows them to have a concealed weapon, I guess, but it is not necessary to bring that weapon into the House and certainly not on the floor.    Mr. Farr. Would carrying a weapon onto the House floor be committing an illegal act?    Mr. Farr. Maybe with the Sergeant here tomorrow we can get to the bottom of this.    Thank you.    Mr. Farr. Can you answer that question on the budget neutral, whether it is budget neutral or not?    Mr. Farr. So you don't need the 72 officers for this.    Mr. Farr. The Senate still has one.    Mr. Farr. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    How much money do you save from these energy investments, on the bill, on just the, you know, the monthly bill?    Mr. Farr. Did that investment include changing the light fixtures?    Mr. Farr. Are these LED lights? They don't look like it.    Mr. Farr. I need some. Great. We are moving the House data center to southwestern Virginia. Right?    Mr. Farr. And you are very involved in that.    Mr. Farr. Yes, I presume that the decision to move sort of out of the Washington area was a strategic one, plus probably cost-effective for real estate purposes.    Our leg branch services, the Library of Congress, wants to colocate their data center with ours. It makes a lot of sense. They are part of this family. Are you involved in that? I mean, we ought to be doing this. Who is accountable for--they say they have gotten no response from anybody and are suggesting they have got a huge cost involved. And it certainly makes sense if we are going to build one data center for ourselves, that we ought to include our family members in that design.    Mr. Farr. Is that your responsibility?    Mr. Farr. Do we have jurisdiction for that office?    Mr. Farr. So the Chief Administrative Officer is in charge of the building for the House itself, for our data center. Right? And yours, because you are colocated with them, or you are part of that?    Mr. Farr. And they are also responsible then if the Library of Congress wants to be there? Are they responsible for that capital outlay?    Mr. Farr. How about for the design of the center? Wouldn't they use your resources? I mean, you are the Architect.    Mr. Farr. Well, Mr. Chairman, I hope that we can use--I mean, the dream here, the idea is, if we are going to move one, let's move all, and let's all be in one place.    Mr. Farr. They want to piggyback, but they are not getting--as I understand it--they are not getting any help or invitation to piggyback.    Mr. Farr. OK. So everybody agrees it makes sense.    Mr. Farr. Yes.    Mr. Farr. From what I understood is that they have really gotten no feedback, no response from wanting to be a partner in this.    Mr. Farr. Maybe they don't know that it is the Chief Administrative Officer, thinking it was your--I have the question to be asked of you. So they might think that--they have been asking you. And, obviously, you don't have the responsibility for it.    Mr. Farr. All right. Well, we will check on it.    Mr. Farr. Well, let's check on that.    Mr. Farr. OK. Fine. Thank you. This is probably my last question. I am leaving, and I am always asking this of everybody because I am always curious as to lessons learned. Is there anything in your career that you want to--lessons learned or advice you would give to us about the role of the Architect? I mean, it is an old role. It has been around for a long time.    Mr. Farr. Did that trust fund receive private contributions as well?    Mr. Farr. Well, like foundation dollars, or no outside--it has to be public money?    Mr. Farr. Why is that?    Mr. Farr. I am looking at the Washington Monument right now, which was restored with private money.    Mr. Farr. And Members enjoy the President series at the Library of Congress, paid for by a private individual. I think it is time that we revisit that. Families or foundations may want to contribute. I think there has been a call for why the private sector doesn't do more to support all of these incredible public assets, as they do in the national parks, as they do in our communities and libraries and so on, schools. Why not also allow them to contribute privately to this fund, which is so necessary to preserve the history of the political history of America?    Mr. Farr. Perhaps that could be some report language just to explore it.    Mr. Farr. Firewalls.    Mr. Farr. Ten years.    Mr. Farr. I am getting congratulated by everybody. Half of them are friends and the other half of them are congratulations and good riddance.    Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    First of all, I just want to make a comment. The spam screening, they are pretty good. They pick out my wife's emails and send them to spam and then I can clear them. But the Arabic messages in Arabic get all the way through, right to me. I don't know how those escape the spam filter.    I want to go back to this issue that Congresswoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz talked about. What triggered it is this magnetometer, putting it in the Longworth Building, in the garage. And it just seemed, in looking at it, is why here, why now, why this place?    You said you initiated this from what happened in Riverside and so on, in San Bernardino County, as an intel sort of problem. Yesterday, the Chief told us we have 32 police departments in this town. If it is an intel issue, it ought to be shared with all them and they ought to be involved in perimeter security, because I always learned what you want to do is perimeter security.    I know you have plans for installing an underground alarm around the perimeter of the Capitol, providing full camera coverage of the Capitol Grounds, to bolster the physical structure of the outer planters and Olmstead wall, to upgrade the lighting on the Capitol plaza. I hope that is not going to create light pollution. All of these would be enhancements to counter outside threats. Why don't we do that before we install just a magnetometer in Longworth when we are not going to do anything about Rayburn, which has 80 doors?    We always thank all of you for your leadership role. I would like to thank everybody in this room. We all work for the same government. This is what I love about this committee: It is the only time that everybody in here is part of this family. These discussions on our budget essentially are our household finance. It is about how do we pay these people and do the things that we have hired them to do.    And when I asked about this in my office it was: Well, don't worry, it is not going to cost us anything. But it is not in your budget. It is in the Chief's budget. And here they asked for 72 new officers, 48 civilian positions, and more.    So I pointed out to him yesterday, as we were speaking, there was a line to enter Longworth, as I see all the time. My office is on the first floor of Longworth and I go through the front door. Often that door, you have two magnetometers in there, one of them is just totally there, never manned.    We had people last week, when it was raining, standing in the rain all the way to the curb. When I go in there and ask the officers, I say, ``Can you call and see if you can get some more up here to help you?'' because I am out there telling people to go around to the sides or whatever, the officers on duty just kind of shrug their shoulders and say, ``We can't get any help.''    So why don't we prioritize where our problems are right now rather than building that magnetometer at the Longworth garage? You are not going to have the manpower to do it. And it hasn't, as Debbie pointed out, it hasn't been discussed and budgeted.    But I think the most thing that it does, it is just an affront to staff So much since 9/11 has happened. The whole West Front of the Capitol is shut off, this incredible space and beauty of this spot where you really see the Mall. But the public can't go there. I don't know why not.    Then, we close the garages. And so what we are doing is shutting it down so the people who work here have a harder time getting in. I do my town hall, electronic town hall meetings at night. It starts at 9 o'clock or 9:30 Washington time. That is 6:30 California time. So my staff isn't out of the building until 11 o'clock at night, and the garage is closed, or they can't get in at 9 o'clock to come back and do the town hall meeting because we don't have enough people to man the garages.    So why don't we create the priority that really allows us to do our work rather than distrusting our staff?    And lastly, I would just like to ask you as part of this question, how many Members carry weapons?    Mr. Farr. So you have put one in Longworth now. When are you going to put them in Rayburn?    Mr. Farr. So you get screened coming in from Longworth garage, but you can drive in the Rayburn garage, get out of your car, no screening, take the underground, and go right in the Longworth Building. You will make those Rayburn parking places a premier place for the Longworth employees.    Mr. Farr. Why pick on Longworth then? I mean, what is the impact on the morale of staff? You know, this isn't fair.    Mr. Farr. Why not do it all at once?    Mr. Farr. Is it such a high priority you have to do that right now? I mean, we are going to solve the San Bernardino threat by putting up one magnetometer in Longworth?    Mr. Farr. Sure you would love it. That is mission creep. I think mission creep is, one of the criticisms I have of your team. You even suggested that we could do a lot more through interoperability of all our other law enforcement agencies. You are building an empire on the Hill. Your budget is bigger than my town of 200,000 people that has a gang killing almost once a week.    I would love to have this budget for my town, where we really do have threats. And those are drive-bys, innocent people getting killed, kids walking home from school, mistaken identity, and boom, you are dead.    I don't talk about this budget back in my hometown because people would be angry as heck. They would think that weYou are sort of taking care of ourselves first and not taking care of them.    I think that we have to set priorities. I think the Longworth magnetometer just doesn't seem to have gone through a normal process of thinking this out. I think you ought to be more involved with working with all these other law enforcement agencies. Why do we have to have our own SWAT team, our own dog team, our own bomb squad, our own chemical squad just among the Capitol Police?    And as I understand it, the Board sets all of those mandates, then they come in here and need all this money for overtime. I mean, the budget is just expanding. At the same time, our Member budgets don't expand. The airfare to California has just doubled. GSA just negotiated a wonderful Government rate with United, and it is double what it was. Do you think our MRA gets bigger? So what does staff do? I let off, so I can fly home.    If we are going to take care of the family, let's take care of everybody, not just say that law enforcement gets it and everybody else has to wait their turn.    So, Mr. Chairman, I am concerned that if we don't do this right, we create an internal dissension. Staff is not getting COLAs, but seeing others getting it. And finally I would like to know if, with all this security, how many Members of Congress carry weapons?    Mr. Farr. But they do?    Mr. Farr. Members do have weapons and they can bring them into the Capitol?    Mr. Farr. Statute? I thought it was against the law to bring a weapon into the Capitol.    Mr. Farr. You have no idea?    Mr. Farr. So here we are going to take all our staff, and you have got to go through double, triple inspection, but Members can walk in here with a weapon and you don't even know if they have it, to get away with it.    Mr. Farr. That is a statute.    Mr. Farr. I have another question.    Mr. Farr. One more.    Mr. Farr. I have a question of the Administrative Officer. I don't know how you are going to do this.    Mr. Farr. Well, I think I was agreeing with your suggestion that we ought to lead by example. If we are going to not allow anybody else to have weapons in this Capitol, you certainly shouldn't allow Members to have them.    Mr. Farr. Just a suggestion on the Sodexo issue. My staff gave me this note that Francisco Fimbres, who is supposed to be the liaison with Sodexo, never responds to emails and has no on-site phone. There is not even a suggestion box in the cafeteria anymore. You have got to give some way to get complaints. They are all going to come--the main issues are all going to end up in your office.    But I have a bigger question, and I think it has been a theme all around here, is that, why doesn't your office ask for a bigger budget for Members' offices? I mean, this budget that we are dealing with, the appropriations bill deals with, is Library of Congress, Capitol Police, the Architect of the Capitol, the GPO, Congressional Budget Office, Library of Congress, CRS, and that is just to name a few. All those budgets request funds to cover natural salary increase, merit awards, and COLAs. For fiscal year 2017, the COLAs for these agencies is 2.6 percent, which is exactly what the President asked for in the pay raise request, plus locality pay.    Last year, this committee was forced to return $33 million to the Treasury because the House had hit its authorized cap and could not use these funds to increase allocations to House offices. These could have been used for our COLAs. Staff hasn't had a COLA increase in 5 years Members in 10 years. That is our fault because we don't vote for it.    But not our staffs. Haven't had a COLA increase in 5 years. But in the interim, the inflation costs have risen 7.7 percent. That means our offices had to do the same or better jobs with less money, and that stretch is really causing problems in our office now.    So my question to you is, why don't you ask for an increase in our Members' offices? And what is keeping you from bumping up the budget number?    And I want add to that, as I said, GSA just came out and negotiated the new Government rates which Members fly by, and from Washington to San Francisco it is double what it was. And so we have to just eat that. And what happens is you end up, frankly, having to let people go who thought they had a career here, or at least whatever career you have in politics.    You ought to be the champion for our own offices.    Mr. Farr. Well, why did $33 million have to be returned?    Mr. Farr. Yes.    Mr. Farr. Do you take into considerations like this GAO? We all have to travel with that rate. Maybe in some areas it has gone down. But transcontinental traffic has really gone up.    Mr. Farr. Say that again?    Mr. Farr. I know the California delegation wrote a letter, presumably to you, asking that we get--or I guess to the committee, asking them to increase the MRA for travel, long distance travel.    Mr. Farr. There was no response.    Mr. Farr. Yes, sir.    Mr. Farr. We don't go over the Senate's budget, but the rumor was that the Senate gave their staff COLAs.    Mr. Farr. It is a good thing we are leading by example.    Mr. Farr. Thank you very much.    I have to confess something here: I am an addict. I have been told that our office is one of the 10 top users of CRS. So I am really addicted to it. I think that the worst thing in the world would be to allow CRS opened up. It will become the biggest recipient of homework assignments in the United States.    We don't allow our lawyers to draft bills for the outside world. That is done inside. I think that the reference research service is ours and we ought to use it as such. I say that because I just learned from CRS that as a retired Member, you still get to get access to it.    David Mao, I just want to tell you, I have so enjoyed your leadership and your spirit. I wish you weren't the acting Librarian. I wish you were the permanent one.    But I just thought of something. We were discussing whether private donations can be used for restoring the Capitol and the Grounds, and it seems to me the Library of Congress, don't you have the ability to receive private gifts from foundations and individuals and things like that?    Mr. Farr. Money.    Mr. Farr. Have there been any problems with people sort of saying, well, you know, if you get a private donation, like from the Ford Foundation or something, is there a concern that it is going to be used for commercial purposes?    Mr. Farr. I think this is going to generate another research question for CRS, the question being why can't we use private donations for restoration projects here in the Capitol, because that was brought up yesterday when we were talking about it.    We talked a little bit yesterday, I don't know if you were here, but we talked about this co-location of the data center in southwest Virginia. the chair and ranking knew more about it than I did, that that seems to be on target. But I don't think any money has been appropriated for it.    The question here is, if the Library does not get the funds requested in the fiscal year 2017 budget, what would be the impact on the Library's services? What would be the fiscal impact on the Library if it is required to build its own new data center? I don't even know if that is an option. I don't know if the House has agreed to accommodate the Library in co-location.    Mr. Farr. Is that in your budget?    Mr. Farr. The funding. Is the money there to--well, if you co-locate, that means that the design of this center is going to have to be bigger, right?    Mr. Farr. I don't mean to ask this question if it is all on track, but I got the feeling somehow, either discussing with you or others, that there was some glitch in this process.    Mr. Farr. But that is in your budget?    Mr. Farr. So the question is for Congress to approve it or you can't do the co-location.    Mr. Farr. Have we ever denied that before or cut back that request?    Mr. Farr. All right.    The other question I have is on the Veterans History Project, which, by the way, was created 10 or 12 years ago.    Mr. Farr. Fifteen years ago. Congress created the authorization that we could go out and collect oral history projects from veterans of any war. Usually it's all the heroes who get the medals. But part of our national cultural collection is what grandpa did during the war, a sort of Story Corps-type things.    I have used it in my district and it is just--I mean, everybody who sees these things ends up in tears. People, families, spouses even say: My husband never told me about his war experience. But he will tell his grandson or granddaughter, who usually gets an assignment as a school project, to go out and interview grandpa, and the vets decide at that age, well, maybe--I have never told these stories, never wanted to, but I will do it. Then we can archive these stories in the Library of Congress. I think it has really taken off and it gives our veterans a chance to feel like they are really appreciated.    I see that you ask for a 4 percent increase. I want to know, is that enough? Because I think every 435 Members of Congress are now starting to use this process as a constituent tool, especially now that we have troops back from Iraq and Afghanistan. Are there any special plans to reach out to this particular group of veterans to record their stories?    Mr. Farr. But 4 percent will allow----    Mr. Farr. I, frankly, think that every library in the United States ought to have oral history of that community. That ought to be just part of the American culture. We need to always tell our stories.    Mr. Farr. That is how all information was passed along in the early days. So we ought to go back to capturing that.    Mary, how many languages are there, do you speak in your Service?    Mr. Farr. Are all your area specialists also linguists?    Mr. Farr. So not all of them can read the local----    Mr. Farr. I have traveled mostly in Latin America and everybody is fluent in Spanish. But we were talking the other day about how thin CRS is. It has area specialists, just like the military has foreign area officers. FAOs really live in the culture, they live in those countries and in those regions. For CRS area specialists to really catch up and sort of have a refresher, CRS ought to be give sabbaticals for your area specialists. But you told me that there is nobody to fill in while they're gone.    Mr. Farr. Well, we just ought to think about that when we are looking at that budget.    Mr. Farr. What I am really keen on, and this is for everybody in this room, are lessons I learned while negotiating with Plan Colombia. There we ended up trying to revitalize or upgrading all the institutions in the Columbian Government. The United States was angry with the military in Colombia because they were violating all kinds of human rights and stuff.    We finally got around to realizing that the military is an institution of government. You can't just ignore the military and fund everything else. You have to train and upgrade and clean up parts of the Colombian Government. Now Columbia is one of our key allies in the world, including their military. Very professionalized.    What we always forget to do is to help professionalize the legislative branch of government. The House Democracy Partnership Committee is reaching out to do this. Members of Congress talk parliamentarian to parliamentarian to emerging democratic nations.    I think what we need to do is leave behind or allow staff members from the Library of Congress and CRS to travel to these emerging democracies and work with their staffs. Many of these countries tell us: We want some independent information. We want a budget office. We want a Library of Congress.    But that is not in our budget. I know we have had difficulties asking the Library to sponsor Open World. The ranking member and I have had two different opinions on that. But I understand the Senate reauthorized it and appropriated money last year.    But I understand that Open World directed to create a strategic plan on how it could collaborate with other congressional engagement activities, like the House Democracy Partnership Committee. That plan is due at the end of this month, right? Is it ready? Or who does that?    Mr. Farr. Yes, that plan is supposed to be due to Congress on March 31.    Do we know?    Mr. Farr. Last one. Just a question on how you do your professional sort of upgrading. I mean, there have been rumors around that among staff at around CRS is, in some reports, declining morale. I don't know whether it is true or just, you know, there are always people who are complaining.    I wondered whether you might have thought about bringing in an independent outside management consultant to perform an assessment and recommendations on possible improvements to morale and welfare of the Library and CRS.    Mr. Farr. Well, I guess it depends on the extent of--if there is nothing broken, don't fix it. But there have been complaints.    Mr. Farr. We just don't pay them enough, or we give them too much work.    Mr. Farr. Well, maybe, I don't know----    Mr. Farr. Where do those fees go now?    Mr. Farr. So they are just going in the general fund, are they in the Treasury?