    Mr. Yoho. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I appreciate the panelists being here. And, you know, there is a paradigm shift going on. I am a veterinarian by trade, and I graduated in 1983. And up to the 1970s, it was a male-dominated field. And when I went to vet school, it was about 65 percent male and 35 percent female. Now it is about 10 percent male, 90 percent female, and it has changed. And I think a lot of professions have done that. And, I think, in large part, you know, what they see on television. So I commend you for doing that. And, of course, your role in ``The Long Kiss Good Night,'' you know, being a housewife that was a chef. I still remember that chefs do those things, you know. And that was a great movie, and I am sure that has inspired a lot of people.    Mr. Yoho. A great movie. Anyway, what I have seen is, you know, when we look around, and when we have 60 percent or greater of the world's population as was mentioned, off the Internet, 4.3 billion offline, and primarily women, what experiences do you find with the illiteracy rate being that high in relationship to using the Internet?    If you want to--start with you, Ms. Jorge. What do you see with that? I mean, is it hard to get people to transition over that, and what are you finding as far as problems?    Mr. Yoho. Let me ask you this: How much are you using the Internet for education,you know, like a classroom to bring the world experts to teach if--any of you have experience with that? And what are you seeing? Is it more productive than having in-room classrooms, or as an assistant to a person in a classroom? Anybody?    Mr. Yoho. Okay.    Mr. Yoho. It is a tool.    Mr. Yoho. Right.    Mr. Yoho. All right, let me go to Ms. Warner, because I saw her reaching for the button. Let me get a response from her.    Mr. Yoho. Right.    Mr. Yoho. Ms. Davis, do you have anything to add to that?    Mr. Yoho. All right. Well, I appreciate it. I am out of time, and thank you for being here. And keep up the good work.