    Mr. Slinger. Chairman Walden, Ranking Member Eshoo, and members of the committee, thank you for the invitation to testify today about investment in broadband infrastructure. We believe a successful agenda for bandwidth abundance will benefit consumers, small businesses, and the economy.    My name is Michael Slinger, and I currently serve as the Director of Google Fiber City Teams. In this role, I oversee the operations, business strategy, and on-the-ground outreach to bring gigabit speeds to cities where we deploy Google Fiber across the United States.    We have long believed that the next chapter of the Internet would be built on gigabit speeds. A gig delivers enough bandwidth for everyone in the home or in a small business for all their devices, and we know fast connections unleash innovation and entrepreneurship. Think about it in these terms: if today we are riding a bike, having a gig means that we could be driving a racecar. It is just that much faster.    That is why we launched Google Fiber, which provides download and upload connections of up to 1,000 megabits per second. Our goal is to make the Web faster, more affordable, more relevant and more useful for everyone.    We launched the service 5 years ago, and today it is available in Kansas City, Kansas; Kansas City, Missouri; Austin, Texas; and Provo, Utah. In addition, we are in the process of building out our network in six other markets and we are exploring bringing it to another four on top of that.    In rolling out Google Fiber, we physically built a network from scratch--one street, one pole, one house at a time. This means reviewing infrastructure and working closely with cities to make sure we are ready to work together to design and build a brand-new network.    This experience has given us insight into barriers to deployment. I will outline some thoughts on policy changes that could reduce delays and barriers.    First, policymakers can ease gaining access to existing infrastructure. To construct high-speed networks, broadband providers need access to existing utility infrastructure such as poles, conduits on a consistent, cost-effective and timely basis. While the FCC has taken important steps to improve rules related to infrastructure access, our own experience in building new broadband networks demonstrates that more work needs to be done to reduce delays and barriers.    Second, policymakers can easy rights-of-way. The expense and complexity of obtaining access to public rights-of-way in some jurisdictions may increase the cost and slow the pace of broadband deployment. Policies that facilitate partnerships between different entities and companies that are doing local construction can be beneficial. We also see a lot of benefit in instituting ``dig once'' policies, which may involve the installation of an oversized conduit bank by any new network builder within the right-of-way.    Third, policymakers can help resolve the challenge of high rates for access to video programming. This would help smaller players in the business negotiate fair terms for access to popular broadcasts and cable content and make it easier to attract and retain subscribers for broadband networks.    Finally, I would be remiss if I failed to mention the importance of balanced spectrum policies that promote innovation in the wireless sector. Federal agencies should pursue a balanced approach to spectrum reallocation that allows for licensed and unlicensed commercial uses at a variety of frequencies.    I will note, as we think about deploying gigabit-speed networks, we need to keep in mind that about 30 percent of Americans still don't use the Internet at home. This means they are at a disadvantage when it comes to education, job opportunities, social and civic engagement, so one of our main priorities is building digital inclusion into our deployment plans from the beginning. We are guided by a couple of main principles: Make the Internet more affordable, make access a party of the community, and teach people how to get online.    Just last week, as part of the Connect Home Initiative announced by President Obama and HUD Secretary Castro, we committed to bringing our Google Fiber Internet service to residents in select affordable housing properties across our Fiber cities for zero dollars per month with no installation fee. We are also partnering with community organizations on computer labs and digital literacy programming. We are grateful for the partners we get to work with to get more people connected and for your attention to this important topic.    Thank you again for the invitation to speak at this hearing and to share our views on how we can remove barriers, give Americans more choices at higher speeds, and help reach the goal of nationwide broadband abundance.    Mr. Slinger. Well, as you know, Fiber may not be the right solution technologically----    Mr. Slinger . For rural areas, and we want to make sure that there is sufficient spectrum available for unlicensed wireless technologies. As well, as you know, we are experimenting with balloon technology with Project Lune, and as well with fixed-wing aircraft out of New Mexico. So we think that in rural areas, it may be new technologies that are going to affordably bring Internet to those areas.    Mr. Slinger. We are seeing now, the stats that we are seeing, is about 60 million Americans. In some of our cities that we are working in right now, 25 to 30 percent of people have never had an Internet connection at home. They may have access through cell phones but they don't have an Internet connection at home.    Mr. Slinger. Yes.    Mr. Slinger. I don't have a breakdown of urban versus rural within the numbers but again, in urban areas, I can say in many cities that 25 percent, 30 percent of these cities, residents don't have anything at home at all, no Internet connection.    Mr. Slinger. Well, you know, we published this Fiber checklist so that we can, as Mr. Adelstein said, get cities to ready by themselves for Fiber deployment, whether it is Google Fiber or any other provider, by making sure that they have smooth permitting processes that allow for a large volume of permits to go through to make it easy for people to get onto telephone poles through streamlined make-ready engineering and construction.    Mr. Slinger. Yes, we are seeing a great economic impact in the cities that we are in. There have been reports that Kansas City, Missouri, is not working on an economic impact analysis. Let me start by saying there are certain categories of employees where there is no unemployment, because obviously when you build a big network, there is a lot of demand for jobs for certain types of labor, and I think last week the Fiber to the Home Council released some research that showed that GDP growth in cities with a gig network rises and the average cost per home or, you know, value of a home goes up 3.1 percent in those cities, and that is new data from about a week ago.    But we also see, and we have heard from Mayor Holland and Mayor James in Kansas City that they have seen it as a draw to regional economic development. Other companies when deciding where to locate in the Midwest will now look at Kansas City and say hey, this place has a gig network, let us join.    Mr. Slinger. Well, I would say that if you look at the cities in which we are already operating or cities where we have announced, we have seen incumbent prices drop immediately and speeds go up, so I think there is more room there.    Mr. Slinger. Sure. And I am going to go back to the Fiber checklist which we published in 2014. Some of our major barriers obviously are getting access to poles and making it easy to do the make-ready construction and get the poles ready. One thing that has been suggested, I believe by the Fiber to Home Council, was if municipalities took a proactive step in doing pole maintenance, and while they are doing pole maintenance, if they could do that make ready, get rid of the old wires that aren't needed and make slots that would allow new entrants, Google Fiber or any other entrant, to get in quickly and attach to poles, that is one thing that would really help.    And again, ``dig once'' policies and access to the right-of-way, there is more we can do with local communities and more we could do with Federal highways to make sure that if someone is ripping up a road to do construction or repaving, that we put in conduit that anyone can use. Those are just smart things. They allow new market entrants and ultimately more competition and choice at the local level.    Mr. Slinger. Yes. There is a lot that we do really early stage with all the cities that we look at to make sure that they have the right kind of digital inclusion plans in place early, to make sure that the cities have a focus on it, and again, there is no silver bullet with any one company but we want to make sure that all providers and local community groups take this on, and as Fiber or any other technology is built out in those areas to really make sure people understand the relevancy of the Web, and hopefully get more people online.