    Mr. Duncan. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thanks for this hearing.    When I think about the issues of today, I think about the solution. And I think the solution is easy, but the political implementation of that solution seems very, very difficult. When I say ``solution,'' I mean the beginning of a solution. And that is the recognition by the PA, the Palestinians, of the Jewish state of Israel's right to exist--recognition of that state.    When I was in Israel in 2011, I talked with Benjamin Netanyahu and Shimon Peres and others, who said, you know, if the Palestinians would just recognize our right to exist, it would go a long way to getting us all to table to start negotiating the things that the gentlemen on the panel are talking about.    The solution is easy, but the political implementation by the Palestinians is very difficult, and I get that. I get that. But sometimes leadership takes making difficult decisions to move the ball forward. So my appeal to the Palestinians today is recognize Israel.    I am proud to stand as a Member of Congress as someone that stands with the state of Israel and support them in any way that I can as a Congressman and we as the Foreign Affairs Committee and the United States Congress can--financially, security-wise, and just verbally of standing firm in our commitment to the state of Israel.    Mr. Chairman, this hearing is important, but it is difficult for me today to focus on Israel and the West Bank and the U.N. and recognition and funding after I witnessed yesterday in my own country the FBI Director erode the very fabric of the fabric of the foundations of the institutions of government.    July 5, 2016, will be a day that we remember, when we saw that the blindfold on the arbiter of the scales of justice was ripped away. Because the scales of justice are no longer blindfolded. Before yesterday, you were to be judged and weighted based on the evidence. But as of yesterday, political influence, party affiliation, race, gender, family ties, you name it, all will factor into justice.    American needs to realize that the scales of justice wear a blindfold for a reason. It is what sets us apart from other countries around the world. I travel extensively through Latin America as chairman of the Western Hemisphere Subcommittee. What sets America apart from countries in Latin America is our impartial justice system, where the facts are weighed.    It shouldn't matter what family you were born into, your wealth, your race, your sex. It shouldn't. And we have had an ongoing conversation in the last few years about race and impartiality with regard to race in the justice system. Now we are going to have an ongoing conversation about political aristocracy, political connections, wealth, future aspirations, you name it--will all factor into the American judicial system to its detriment, America.    Regardless of how you feel about individuals and individual candidates, surely you believe in the institutions of government.    It is a sad day for me. I can't focus on Israel and the topics that the gentlemen on the panel were brought to Washington to discuss. My love for Israel is clouded by my love for the United States of America. Because without America, without the things that we believe in, we will not have the ability to support our allies in the region. And I hope everyone will think about that.    And, with that, I yield back.