    Mr. Goodlatte. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. No, I am going to put my statement before the Committee. First of all, let me start by thanking you for holding this hearing on this very important legislation that will help those asbestos victims who must look to the bankruptcy process to seek redress for their or their loved ones' injuries. Unfortunately, on too frequent an occasion, by the time asbestos victims assert their claims for compensation, the bankruptcy trust formed for their benefit has been diluted by fraudulent claims, leaving these victims without their entitled recovery.    The reason that fraud is allowed to exist within the asbestos trust system is the excessive lack of transparency created by plaintiffs' firms. Due to a provision in the Bankruptcy Code, plaintiffs' firms are essentially granted a statutory veto right over a debtor's Chapter 11 plan that seeks to restructure asbestos liabilities. Plaintiffs' firms have exploited this leverage to prevent information contained within the asbestos trusts from seeing the light of day. The predictable result from this reduced transparency has been a growing wave of claims and reports of fraud.    The increase in claims has caused many asbestos trusts to reduce the recoveries paid to asbestos victims who emerge following the formation of the trust. In addition, instances of fraud within the asbestos trust system have been documented in news reports, State court cases, and prior testimony before the Judiciary Committee. Most recently, news reports have described numerous accounts of fraud that were uncovered during a bankruptcy case in North Carolina.    The FACT Act, introduced by Congressman Farenthold, would combat this fraud by introducing long-needed transparency into the asbestos bankruptcy trust system. The FACT Act increases transparency through two simple measures. First, it requires the asbestos trusts to file quarterly reports on their bankruptcy dockets. These reports will contain very basic information about demands to the trust and payments by the trusts to claimants. Second, the FACT Act requires asbestos trusts to respond to information requests about claims asserted against and payments made by the asbestos trusts.    These measures were carefully designed to increased transparency while providing claimants with sufficient privacy protection. To accomplish this goal, the bill leverages the privacy protections contained in the Bankruptcy Code, and includes additional safeguards to preserve claimants' privacy. The FACT Act also was deliberately structured to minimize the administrative impact on asbestos trusts.    I believe that the FACT Act strikes the appropriate balance between achieving the transparency necessary to reduce fraud in an efficient manner and providing claims with sufficient privacy protections. We cannot allow fraud to continue reducing recoveries for future asbestos victims.    I look forward to hearing testimony from today's panel, which has already taken place. And I thank the Chairman for yielding me the time.