    Ms. Herrera Beutler. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And I apologize. I had--it is like the constituent visit time, on top of hearing time. So multiple places at once. So I apologize. I have a couple of questions and I find this horribly fascinating. It is terrifying to me that this is what we are having to deal with and work through. I mean, each one of the issues raised is a giant tragedy of a play unto itself. So I thank you both for the work that you are doing.    Mr. George, you estimate that in the 2013 season, as much as $2.3 billion were erroneously given to corporations in carryforward credits. However, the IRS doesn't plan, as best I can tell, to follow your recommendations to address it. We have talked a little bit about that. And then you went on to say that the IRS is dedicating significant resources toward addressing what it believes is the most significant risk to compliance, the use of flow-through entities, such as partnerships. Flow-through entities, S corporations, from my experience, and just in my region, in my district, are the small family-owned businesses. In fact, I got to tour one this last week. And obviously, some of the biggest users of carryforward credits are giant corporations, publicly traded. Correct?    Ms. Herrera Beutler. Do you have any idea why the IRS is ignoring that $2.3 billion? I mean, as we were talking about NIH funding, and cancer funding, and all of these other things, it is hard to understand their priorities here.    Ms. Herrera Beutler. Okay. Okay. Well, we look forward to the Commissioner joining us. Let me switch. I actually have a couple more questions for you, if that is okay. Your testimony highlights several of the shocking behaviors. We have been talking about it all morning. Most notably to me is that the IRS is rehiring those that it fired, those specific employees who were, I feel, acting as predators. They are supposed to be protecting and at the very least adhering to the law, but in many cases were selling folks out.    Help us understand the IRS' response to this, and possibly how we could, I mean, we have brought--this committee has brought this up to the Commissioner in years past. How do we make a dent here?Monday and issued to me a statement about the fact that they saw the report and while initially his staff pushed back, it is part of, again, what occurred under the Restructuring and Reform Act of 1998, which issued a listing of things that if IRS employees did or violated, they were subject to everything from just, you know, excuse me admonition to removal.    Ms. Herrera Beutler. Well, and I think that is it. When we were talking about credibility here, this at the IRS has to be above reproach. It is not--there are so many reasons, and so I think if it takes more time and effort to make sure they get it right, it is worth it.    Ms. Herrera Beutler. Thank you. I yield back.    Ms. Herrera Beutler. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. You know in listening to this--and I apologize, too. I have been in a couple different committee hearings today. 'Tis the season. Everybody is asking for their budgets.    You know, I know that the budget says that you all are advocating for a would-be an increase for your operating expenses. And as the department overseeing the IRS or as the person overseeing it, I completely understand why. I know that you have received pretty steep funding cuts from this Congress--or in the previous Congress. And it is probably getting pretty tough to swallow. I completely understand that.    It is hard for me to reconcile this to my constituents when, you know, a couple weeks ago, we had the Inspector General, General George, testify in front of the committee and hearing what he highlighted--and even some of it has been referenced today. You know, we talk about the $5.8 billion. He has cited mismanagement of service software licensing costing $100 million. He highlighted, you know, more erroneous tax returns. Office space, he said that, you know, the IRS could reduce office space by nearly 100 million square feet, saving us about $111 million over 5 years without sacrificing performance.    So it is difficult to reconcile, you know, that $5.8 billion would more than take care of--I believe it is about 10 times what you are requesting in terms of an increase. So it is hard--how do we answer to taxpayers a very rational question: If you wouldn't--just wouldn't send out the money that you had in erroneous errors or if you would make some of these kind of streamlined--the office space, so on and so forth--if you would streamline some of the recommendations that another agency is already taken care of, then you would have that part--then you would have that money back. I mean, we could--we could even agree to probably let you keep the money if you went back and collected it or kept it. Do you know what I mean?    Ms. Herrera Beutler. I bet you we could make you a deal.    What do you think, Mr. Chairman?    Ms. Herrera Beutler. Well, wait. It is not, though, I mean, if you look at the dollar number.    Ms. Herrera Beutler. Hey, I would advocate for you on this side.    Ms. Herrera Beutler. You get to keep what you save. I meant it. I am working with the Forest Service on a similar idea.    Let me switch gears. We hear a lot about tax reform and loopholes, particularly from the administration. That has been kind of a hallmark of talking about making the big guys pay their fair share and not taking it out on the small guys. The IRS IG reported in 2013 as much as $2.3 billion was erroneously given to corporations in carry-forward credits. However, the IRS does not plan to follow recommendations to address that. At the same time, the IRS is, to quote Inspector George, ``Dedicating significant resources towards addressing what it believes is the most significant risk to compliance, the use of flow-through entities, such as partnerships,'' unquote. Flow-through entities or S Corps--and more often not, they are small family-owned businesses. Meanwhile some of the biggest users of the carry-forward credit are large, publically owned, publically traded corporations. So what it looks like--correct me if I am wrong--is that the IRS, by extension the Treasury Department, is ignoring $2.3 billion per year in improper awards to some of the biggest corporations on the planet on top of the billions they legally save through existing loopholes so that the government can, on the other hand, dedicate significant resources to auditing those small, family-owned businesses. Help me understand that.    Ms. Herrera Beutler. I yield back.