    Mr. Siebel. Good morning. Mr. Chairman, thank you for the opportunity.    I am here from Silicon Valley, and I have spent the last 4 decades in the information technology business, and we have been working for the better part of the last decade to think about the problem of applying the state-of-the-art of information technology and communication technology to the value chain associated with power generation, transmission, distribution, metering, and consumption. And if we are to look at this value chain, it would be--today, it would be largely recognizable by Thomas Edison, because we are dealing with late 19th century and early 20th century technologies, where at one end of the value chain we are boiling water and spinning a turbine, OK, we are rotating a magnet within a coil, creating a voltage, stepping up the voltage to, you know, higher voltage, transmitting it over long distances at high voltage, medium distances at medium voltage. It goes to a meter and then to the consumer. This is pretty much what it looks like. And it works great until it breaks. OK, and then when it breaks, whoever, Baltimore Gas and Electric or Constellation Energy or Pacific Gas and Electric, sends trucks out with people with volt meters to climb telephone poles and go down manhole covers, to find boxes that don't conduct electricity, and they keep replacing boxes until the lights go back on. And this is pretty much how it works.    Now, this infrastructure--these--the way that utilities are operated is then tend to run these businesses of generation, transmission, distribution, metering, customer care and billing, as separate business units, and as separate business units they have these separate enterprise information systems that have been supplied over the years by companies like Oracle and General Electric and Siemens and others. There are lots of reasons we can get into some other time why these enterprise information systems don't want to communicate with one another. It makes it very difficult to share information, but let it be said that, you know, this has all been kind of driven by Moore's law. Now, this decade, worldwide, this infrastructure is being upgraded so that all the devices are becoming remotely machine-addressable, so we can remotely sense their state. The most common being the smart meter. So we don't have to send a truck out to read it once a month, we can read it once a minute or once every 15 minutes. But what is significant is not the smart meter, the entire value chain is being sensored, from the vibration sensor on the nuclear reactor to the thermostat, the variable speed fan at Wal-Mart, OK, the single phasers, the step transformers, the stepdown transformers, and the substations. So as this becomes sensored, this begins to look like a fully sensored--basically, a fully connected sensor network. A guy named Bob Metcalfe out of Xerox PARC, he invented something called Ethernet, OK, and he coined something called Metcalfe's law. So the power of that network is the function of the square of the number of nodes that are connected.    So when this is--the amount that is being invested, I don't know if I mentioned this, in upgrading this network worldwide this decade is $2 trillion. So this is the largest and most complex machine every built. The amount being invested in the U.S. this decade upgrading this infrastructure is $1 trillion. So as we do this, if we read a meter every 15 minutes, it is being read 32,000 signals a year. If we read it once a month, it is 12 signals a year. That is four orders of magnitude. Actually, we are increasing the amount of data by six orders of magnitude. So we have massive amounts of data that is being collected, and so what we can do now is we can apply the sciences of big data, cloud-scale computing, analytics, machine learning, and these new social human-computer interaction models to dramatically, you know, to optimize the entire value chain to, you know, if we balance--it reduces the amount of fuel that we need to generate by a percent. OK, if we use these technologies for predictive maintenance, we can replace devices before they fail, dramatically increasing safety, increasing reliability, we can, you know, increase the security infrastructure, and by the way, we can reduce the environmental consequences of the value chain by, say, order of 50 percent.    So this is what we are doing today all over the world. I would say that Europe is probably ahead of the U.S. as it relates to this today. We are doing this now, and now putting this in the perspective of a company based in Rome, they have 67 million meters in 40 countries, and so they are a 100-billion-euro company. It is a utility roughly the size of the U.S. market. And there, we are aggregating I think 7 trillion rows of data into an 800 terabyte cloud image. We process these data at the rate of 800,000 transactions per second, OK. Apply machine learning to optimize the value chain and the economic benefit to do this across the world is 6.3 billion euros a year. We are doing this at Exelon. The economic benefit to them, $2.7 billion. This is the economic benefit to their consumers. Baltimore Gas and Electric, Pacific Gas and Electric, Socal Edison, Commonwealth Edison, we are doing--GDF Suez, so we are doing this all around the world today. This is what will make the smart grids smart, is the information technology, the ability to apply big data, analytics machine learning, and new human-computer interaction models. And the economic, social and environmental benefits are significant. So this is the exercise upon which we have been engaged, and it is fascinatingly difficult and fascinatingly exciting.    Thank you.    Mr. Siebel. Thank you. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    We retained McKinsey and Company to do a study on the economic benefit of a smart grid analytics platform, and you think of this as the operating system for the smart grid, so it is the economic benefit to the U.S. consumer. And the study, which we will be happy to provide the committee if they are interested, concludes that the economic benefit is $300 per meter, per year. So it is pretty significant. So this is like $50 billion a year in economic and social benefit across the United States.    Now, we have the adoption of these new technologies. If we look at all the new technologies that are being developed in Silicon Valley, Boston, Jerusalem, anywhere today, these are all Cloud-based Saas systems, you read about it every day, Google, Facebook, Twitter, whatever, so this is where innovation is happening.    Now, the way that utilities make money is they spend money, and they spend money on capital and they get a guaranteed return on the capital by their regulator. Now, if they spend money on technology that was developed in the last decade, what we call enterprise information systems that you install behind a firewall, they will get a guaranteed return on that investment. It is capital expenditure and they get a return on that investment. If they invest money on this new generation of Cloud-based, what we call software as a service and platform as a service-type technologies, that is not deemed to be a capital investment, it is deemed to be an operating expense. So there is a disincentive to invest in innovation. If they invest in innovation, it results in reduced profitability and reduced cash flow for the utility. If they invest in obsolete technology, you get a 9 percent return on the investment.    So I think the regulatory incentives at the State level need to change, and if they don't change, we are depriving the American consumer of innovation.    Mr. Siebel. I would comment briefly. I think it does. I mean if we are dealing with a company like GDF Suez, or a company like Anel, Anel is--both of these companies are roughly the size of the U.S. market.    Mr. Siebel. They operate in 40 countries, they might be 100-billion-euro businesses, and they have in the order of 70 to 80 million meters. So this is roughly the size of the U.S. This is one decision process addressing----    Mr. Siebel . 25 to 40 countries. In the U.S., you have 3,250 utilities servicing 100 million meters.    Mr. Siebel. So it is highly, highly, as you would say, balkanized.    Mr. Siebel. Great question. The barrier is very simple. OK. Utilities get a return on things that are deemed to be capital expense. Information technologies developed in the 20th century are deemed to be capital expense. You buy a piece of iron, a computer, disks, you put it behind your firewall, you get a disk from Oracle and you install it, that is a capital expense. The new--and you get a guaranteed return on those investments through your rate case, so you can pass it on to the rate case.    Investments in the new generations of technologies that they never see and touch, these softwares of service technologies like using Google or Facebook or Twitter, where nothing is ever installed, they get--that is not a capital expense for accounting treatment, so they--not deemed to be capital, so they cannot pass the cost on to the ratepayer. So it is deemed an operating expense, lowers profitability, lowers cash flow, major disincentive to invest in innovation. Consumers--U.S. consumers deprived of all the innovation going on today.    Mr. Siebel. If we look at the utility engagement model, customer engagement model, it is firmly entrenched in, say, 1950. OK, so where the primary communication is through direct mail and the call center. So if any of you remember Publisher's Clearinghouse when we grew up, that is kind of what it is like.    Now, it is clear that consumer expectations are dramatically changing. You know, with Uber and Amazon and Google, we can do anything in 30 seconds and two clicks. And fundamentally, there are very few transactions that we want to engage in with a--with our utility. Pay a bill, question a bill, establish service, change service, hook up our PV array, whatever it may--that is about it. All of those things are very time-consuming and painful transactions for a consumer to engage with. So we are working today with Northeast Utilities, Exelon, Commonwealth Edison, Pacific Gas and Electric, Socal Edison, Anel in Italy, GDF Suez and Europe, and basically what is going on is applying the learnings that we have learned from Uber and Google and Amazon, and applying that level of interaction to the customer engagement problem, so a consumer can get--basically do anything they want to do, you know, within a minute and say 5 clicks.    Mr. Siebel. And so there is major investment going on in this. Much of it was driven initially by the State-mandated energy efficiency mandates that are coming out, I think 39 States where they have almost $10 billion a year allocated for energy efficiency programs, but with, you know, fuel prices diminishing, those efforts are now being put to, you know, reinvent the customer engagement model, and we are working with utilities all over the world to do that.    Mr. Siebel. Yes, sir. You have an 800-pound gorilla in the room here, is the cybersecurity problem. OK, now, every now and then, I mean and this is an opportunity where the Federal Government can play a role. All right, so every year or so, we get the word out of Washington that this is a priority. The fact of the matter is any hostile government, OK, any 10 smart engineers from UC Berkeley, OK, could bring down the grid from Boston to New York, you know, in 4 days. And this system is entirely exposed. And if you bring in the leadership from Homeland Security, DHS, in here to talk what they--I think what they will say, and what I believe, before we really do something about this, we are going to have the equivalent of 9/11. There is going to be some disaster, and it is not going to be good, and it will come from just some bad actor or some kids. And then we will get serious and spend, you know, $100 billion a year on it for, you know, 10 years and declare a war on whatever it is. OK, but this system is so vulnerable and so fragile, and there is going to be a problem and we are not going to be happy. And it is fixable.    Mr. Siebel. I will personally send you a letter, sir.    Mr. Siebel. Great question. So what we do when we look at this as a big data problem is we aggregate all the data from all of the operating systems in the utility, generation information, meter data management, customer care and billing, outage management, Volt/VAR, all of it into a unified data image in the Cloud. These can be like petabyte-sized data images, which are, in engineering speak, bigger than a breadbox. OK, and then we can correlate so that we get these, say, for predictive maintenance or grid reliability, or energy efficiency or whatever it may be, we can see in real time across the entire value chain from when somebody is moving a thermostat, to making a decision on whether we are going to bring on a peaker plant or change capacitates to balance Volt/VAR. Now, over in another building, OK, in a subbasement, there are 13 people looking at computer screens, and they are looking at utilities that are provided by companies like Symantec and like Hewlett Packard, and whatnot, looking for virus detection and malware detection that are penetrating the network. And basically, this is a pattern recognition problem, where they are looking for strings that look similar to malware that they have seen come out of China or Syria or Korea, or whatever it may be. And then this person, almost like an accountant with green iron shade, is kind of looking at this gibberish coming across the screen that says this is the type of malware that is trying to come in from this point. The question is what do you do with it.    By being on a core like that as just another data source with the entire grid infrastructure, you can say, what does this mean, what portion of the grid is impacted, what critical infrastructure is impacted, what is the single point of failure, so you can then prioritize, and so you can both prevent them at the perimeter and you can do something about it right away. And so this is where cybersecurity comes together with kind of big data analytics. And we have done a lot of work with this at the University of Illinois with--and UC Berkeley, The Trust Group, and it is a well-understood problem. The fact is there are no budgets at the utility level to deal with it, and this is where I think the Federal Government can do something to encourage investment in hardening the system.