    Mr. Plaster. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Plaster. Thank you. Mr. Chairman, Ranking Member Wasserman Schultz, members of the committee, I appreciate the opportunity to appear before you today on behalf of the entire team of women and men who serve the House in the Office of the Chief Administrative Officer.    This is the first time I have appeared before the committee, and I am quite honored to be here today alongside the Clerk and the Sergeant at Arms. While I have only been in this position for 2 months, I have served the House for over 25 years, and I can safely observe that the close working relationship that the House officers have fostered in recent years, among themselves and with the other service providers in the House, has been vital in ensuring that the institution is supported effectively and efficiently.    I look forward to collaborating with the committee on this budget request in order to tackle the many issues and challenges facing us in fiscal year 2017, particularly our work to improve the delivery of services to the House community and our comprehensive program to protect House IT systems from a persistent and evolving threat.    The Fiscal Year 2017 Budget Request for the Office of the Chief Administrative Officer is $117,165,000, which is flat with the Consolidated Appropriations Act of 2016. This request will support the CAO priorities in information technology and improving CAO core services, such as financial management, acquisitions management, logistics, human resources, and other support services.    Within these core services are activities supporting cybersecurity, payroll and benefits, mail delivery, food services, broadcasting, human capital, furniture and furnishings.    Although our request is flat, the CAO does anticipate increases for fiscal year 2017 in personnel, annual maintenance, and licensing, Housewide subscriptions, and key projects, such as knowledge management. However, we also anticipate savings due to decreases in contractor support, modular furniture installations because of the Cannon Renewal Project, and project initiatives that will be transitioning from implementation to operational status.    We are confident that by utilizing available funds efficiently, and working in concert with our House partners, we will be able to meet and exceed the expectations of House Members and staff.    Again, I appreciate the opportunity to be here today, and look forward to addressing your questions.    Mr. Plaster. Yes.    Mr. Plaster. I will try to cover all of those.    What we are doing to adjust our cyber defenses against an evolving and very sophisticated threat, as you point out, is we are evolving our defenses from an older model that came up over the last 10, 15 years that was more--it was more focused on perimeter security on the House network. We had very sophisticated tools that were put in place, in layman's language, to stop the bad guys at the front door. And that was, I am oversimplifying our model for IT defense.    Lately, as has been evidenced by events that have been in the news, OPM, Target, and others, the nature of the threat has changed fairly dramatically and the sophistication of those who are trying to infiltrate our network has increased dramatically. And they are not knocking at the front door anymore, they are finding much more creative ways to get into our network and then move within our network once they are inside.    So looking forward, we are concentrating, if you will, on three general areas. One is the perimeter defense. Those are, again, very sophisticated tools run by very, very smart people that are monitoring what is coming and going out of our network.    Just to give you an idea of the volume of network traffic, we received in 2015 about 200 million emails into the House of Representatives. Roughly a third of those could be categorized as virus, malware, or spam. So we are stopping, roughly, a third of 200 million emails coming into the House--that is just emails--using our tools.    We have in place, and we are putting more into place, tools to monitor the traffic within the network because the threat now is the very bad guys, if you will. Once they get in they move around. So they may come in through one office, but once they are on the network what they try to move around within the network to get, kind of information you are talking about, financial information, communications, and then they want to take that and get it out of our network without us knowing.    So we are putting in place additional tools to monitor for that kind of activity so that we can stop it if they try to do that. And we are segmenting up, if you will, the network to make it harder to move around from one office to another.    And then the third component really is the users, 12,000 users on the House network. Every one of them is a potential vulnerability. And that is why you see the requirements on password changes and information security training.    The 12,000 users that we have are the subject of threats. The very sophisticated threats are coming after the users. They are looking for user passwords. They are looking for users outdated software and equipment that hasn't been patched, even in district offices, because they can get a toehold into our network that way.    So users and the awareness of users about the security threats, about the phishing, and how to combat that on the user level is important. And we are going to have to do more to make sure that Members and staff are aware of the scope of the threat and the role that they play in combating that.    Mr. Plaster. It could. And, I can tell you that it is not a hypothetical threat, There are people who are pursuing that kind of information for whatever reason, whether or not it is for a physical threat or not. But there are plenty of attacks on our network, and they are looking for all of that information, all of your information. So it is not hypothetical, it is happening.    In terms of recruiting and retaining the quality staff so that the folks on our team are better than the folks on the other team, that is a struggle. A lot of these guys probably could command multiple times, not just more in the private sector, but multiple times what they can here. So we have to provide them with other reasons that aren't financial for working for the House and for staying here, and we have to work very hard to give them those sorts of rewards.    But we have very good people, and I am very content with the quality and the dedication of the staff that we have. We have a new CISO, relatively new CISO, who, again, I am glad is on our team.    So in terms of are we spending enough? I think a lot. I can answer that question in the same way you could answer, are we spending enough on physical security? You could spend more. You could always spend more and be more safe. So where is the sweet spot? We are spending a lot. We are not uncomfortable with our current budget request. We could probably spend more and be marginally more secure. We probably could not spend a lot more and do so in any justifiable way. You want to give me a lot more, I will spend it, but I would have a hard time----    Mr. Plaster. Right. I would have a hard time defending it.    Mr. Plaster. $2.891 million since 2011.    Mr. Plaster. Obviously, food service, to no one's surprise, has been often brought up and brought to my attention since my first day on the job, and with a variety of complaints. It is a daily occurrence where I am engaged with our contract management folks and the Sodexo management in an effort to help Sodexo better adjust to the environment that they are now working in here at the House.    I believe they are committed to making those adjustments. They may not be happening as fast as all of us would like them to. But I think they are sincere in their efforts to effect the changes and the improvements that have been asked of them. So we are working on that every day.    Mr. Plaster. For cause we would, as in any contract.    The specific answer to your question is, when is their contract up for review? It would be 2019. The contract started last year. So their base period ends in 2019.    As for the other issue, I found out this morning that complaints similar to yours had already been registered, and the vendor has responded already with some additional stock. I was in contact with the Superintendent of the House office buildings this morning and made sure they understood your concerns.    Mr. Plaster. As we speak, I believe, making sure that those are addressed.    Mr. Plaster. We will continue to review it.    Mr. Plaster. Remember, I have only been on the job for 2 months. Hopefully, I can have a little bit of leeway in not having to relate exactly what the deliberations were prior to my being in the office between the budget office and the various stakeholders that weigh in on the budget formulation numbers before the CAO's office is submitted.    It is a discussion between our budget office and this committee and the House Administration Committee and others that leads to a consensus about what the submission is. If the committee----    Mr. Plaster. I can't speak to that. I am not familiar with the circumstances around that. We can find out and we certainly get back to you on that.    Mr. Plaster. From last year you are talking about?    Mr. Plaster. But in terms of the request for fiscal year 2017, if the committee feels that it is important to add money to the budget request for the MRA, that is certainly within your prerogative.    Mr. Plaster. I believe the travel costs are somewhat factored into the formulation of the MRA allocation by the committee. But I don't want to speak for the House Administration Committee.    Mr. Plaster. Not all MRAs are the same. Not every Member gets the same MRA.    Mr. Plaster. That would have been probably to the Committee on House Administration.