    Mr. Palmer. Thank you, Madam Chairman.    Following on that line of questioning, in the Anthem hack, the hackers got access to medical IDs and that is a little bit more problematic than just finding out what drugs people buy and whether or not they exercise, that sort of thing. Would it not create some issues in regard to violation of the HIPAA laws if a company bought that data and was able to specifically target advertising to people, for instance, who are diabetic or have certain other conditions? Let me address that Mr. Wright.    Mr. Palmer. Well, let me simplify it.    Mr. Palmer. It is against the law to disclose individual health--patient information.    Mr. Palmer. The doctor can't do it without your permission.    Mr. Palmer. He can't share it with anyone, and that medical ID could potentially get people access to that, that they would then sell that information. And it seems to me that if this is going on, there ought to be some legal recourse that either the government takes or the individuals take against companies who buy the data. It needs to go both ways, not just going after the hacker but going after the people who are buying the information. It is almost like buying fenced goods.    Mr. Palmer. Okay. And in that regard, when people are basically being forced into a system, does it not make sense that the government gives them an opportunity to opt out of providing certain data or even allowing their data to be shared?    Mr. Palmer. All right. In a report from last August--or August of last year, which I guess would be last August, HHS Inspector General found that the value of the 60 contracts that were issued to develop and operate HealthCare.gov totaled $1.7 billion. At the end of last year Accenture was awarded a five-year contract to fix HealthCare.gov that totaled $563 million. Altogether now we have spent at least $2.3 billion on this failed website. How much do you estimate that it is going to cost to implement your suggestions to secure it?    Mr. Palmer. I think it is going to be a little bit more than 10, though, so what----    Mr. Palmer. It is a tenfold issue?    Mr. Palmer. I would like, if you don't mind, for you to get back to the Committee and give us a number. And in regard to your last point there, I used to work in engineering and we had a saying that there is never time to do it right but there is always time to do it over. Apparently, that is the case here.    Thank you, Madam Chairman.    Chairwoman Comstock. Thank you.    And I yield to Mr. Tonko for five minutes.