    Ms. Johnstone. Thank you, Chairman Smith, and members of this subcommittee for inviting us here today to talk about the 2015 Trafficking In Persons, or TIP, Report. It has been my honor to be associated with the TIP Report and to lead the work of the Office to Monitor and Combat Trafficking in Persons in recent months.    I also want to thank Deputy Assistant Secretary Alex Lee and Acting Deputy Assistant Secretary Jim Carouso for testifying alongside me.    Producing the annual TIP Report is a year-round, department-wide effort involving hundreds of staff in Washington and at U.S. Embassies and consulates around the world. The final report reflects the Department's best assessment of foreign government efforts to comply with the minimum standards to eliminate trafficking in persons as outlined in the Trafficking Victims Protection Act, or the     I know how important the issue of modern slavery is to Congress. On behalf of the entire Department I want to thank you for your commitment to this issue and, Mr. Chairman, for your authorship of this important legislation. We are thrilled that your colleagues in the Senate have recently confirmed our new Ambassador-at-Large to head the TIP office, Susan Coppedge. Last week Ambassador Coppedge and the TIP office recognized the 15th anniversary of the TVPA.    Over these last 15 years we have learned that the TVPA's legal framework is what makes the TIP Report such an effective tool in combating human trafficking across the globe. Since the passage of the TVPA, the TIP Report has helped to draw public attention to the issue of human trafficking and prompted foreign governments to take meaningful steps to address this crime. It is often referred to as the gold standard. And I have learned during my time leading the TIP office that it truly lives up to this designation.    Not only is it one of the most effective diplomatic tools our Government has for encouraging a foreign government to take action and make progress in combating modern slavery, it also gives voice to the many stakeholders working on the front lines of the problem, whether they be government officials who want to see change in their country, activists who confront the crime wherever it occurs, or professionals providing services to victims around the world. And it conveys the human face of the world's trafficking crimes to its readers. There is much to be proud of in this report.    As always, the narratives and tier rankings reflect government efforts to increase prosecutions, improve protections and enhance prevention efforts to combat modern slavery, not to the extent of human trafficking in any particular country. We saw tangible progress in many places in the world. Many governments adopted new anti-trafficking laws or improved existing laws, strengthened their law enforcement efforts to convict and punish traffickers, increased inter-governmental coordination to combat human trafficking by establishing senior-level bodies and adopting national action plans, and improved victim protection measures.    Between April 2014 and March 2015, Afghanistan, Angola, Barbados, the Czech Republic, Eritrea, Sierra Leone, and Sudan all became parties to the 2000 U.N. TIP Protocol, which we also refer to as the Palermo Protocol. Of the 188 countries and territories assessed in the 2015 TIP Report, 18 countries were upgraded this year. Unfortunately, we also saw efforts fall short in the 18 countries that were downgraded. Much work remains, and all of us must continue to improve our efforts to fight this crime.    We will continue to use the report to elevate human trafficking and encourage governments to implement the actions recommended in the TIP Report. Secretary Kerry personally raises the issues with foreign leaders, as he recently did in both Cuba and Malaysia. Ultimately, the purpose of the report and our shared goal is to effect change. We continuously review how we can use the report ever more effectively as a lever year-round to motivate tangible progress around the world.    For example, I just returned from a productive trip to Thailand, Malaysia, Hong Kong, and China during which I urged these governments to make stronger efforts to implement the recommendations in the 2015 TIP Report. I was pleased to see that every official I met with was aware of their tier designation in the TIP Report. I won't claim that all these officials fully agreed with our assessment, but the report and minimum standards have clearly focused attention on the realities of modern slavery and the tangible steps required to combat this crime.    It was also clear in each country I visited last month that officials in our Embassies and consulates are regularly engaging their host governments to improve their anti-trafficking efforts and to implement the TIP Report recommendations. Amidst all the important information found in the annual TIP Report, one message becomes clear year after year: Human trafficking is a challenge in nearly every corner of the globe, including here in the United States. Governments all over the world, including those on Tier 1, struggle to keep up with a crime that affects millions of individuals compelled into service for sex or labor or both. We must all continue to improve our efforts to fight and end this crime.    We know our work is critical. We remain committed to addressing these challenges. And we look forward to helping to create a world free from modern slavery.    Thank you.    Ms. Johnstone. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman. If I may begin at least to answer that question.    This year when we prepared the 2015 TIP Report, as in previous years it was a truly deliberative, fact-based process of discussions between our experts throughout the State Department, both at our Embassies and consulates overseas, with our colleagues in regional bureaus here in Washington, and experts in the TIP office. That is the same process that we use every year. We compare and assess governments' efforts against that own government's efforts the previous years, against the minimum standards as outlined in the TVPA, specifically looking at those criteria and whether or not the government has indeed made significant efforts to fulfill those minimum standards.    That is the process that was true for all of the countries this year when we made those decisions. Ultimately, the final tier designations are made by the Secretary of State, this year as they are every year, by the authority given to him in the TVPA. So these decisions are in fact his to make, not the TIP office or others in the State Department.    Ms. Johnstone. The recommendations certainly----    Ms. Johnstone. The Secretary himself has said publicly that TPP did not come into it. He did not consult others in the administration, nor did the White House through USTR weigh in. I have no knowledge that that came up at any other officials' discussions on the tier designation for Malaysia or any other country.    Ms. Johnstone. As you yourself indicated, we don't discuss the internal deliberations and recommendations of the different parts of the State Department. There is a robust discussion. In the vast majority of cases we reach consensus at the expert level and discussions don't go further.    There are some cases that the evidence may be pointing in different directions. As you know yourself, within the minimum standards there are four minimum standards and 12 indicia. So there are a lot of different factors we are looking at. In some cases they all point in the same direction of either progress or lack thereof. In some cases they are mixed, as was the case in Malaysia that we saw increased prosecutions and investigations but a decline in convictions.    So when we do have more complicated situations like that, the discussions do go further up the chain and ultimately the Secretary makes the decision.    Ms. Johnstone. If I may add, also you asked about the importance of the TVPA and the criteria outlined therein in the discussions. Absolutely they are central. And in the case of Malaysia we did look across the three P's. And as you noted, we have serious concerns about victim protection in Malaysia. That has been our number one recommendation in the last several years in the TIP Report, encouraging the government to fundamentally change how it treats trafficking victims.    They have essentially been held in government shelters that essentially serve as detention facilities where the victims have neither freedom of movement nor the right to work. And that has been our top priority recommendation in the last several years because, as you point out, it is a very serious concern    The government did make significant efforts over the course of the 2015 reporting period in the 2014 calendar year to improve that. And the amendments that were passed just after the reporting period ended do seek to fundamentally revise that system. We are cautiously optimistic that once they are implemented they will make meaningful progress in this area. But that was the number one priority.    Ms. Johnstone. Sure.    Ms. Johnstone. We are definitely tracking that issue, both in the United States. Our colleagues and other parts of the Federal Government are increasing their efforts on that in terms of law enforcement efforts to try to identify traffickers who are using online methods to find their victims.    We, unfortunately, are also seeing that as a growing trend in some other countries. The Philippines, for example, is an area that we have focused on. So both through our diplomatic efforts, but also our programming efforts, we are trying to get a better handle on this because there does seem to be an increasing problem around the world.    Ms. Johnstone. In all of the discussions that we had within the TIP office----    Ms. Johnstone. None of the discussions with respect to the recommendations that were made by my colleagues in regional bureaus or the TIP office included any other factors other than trafficking itself.    I cannot speak to the discussions that took place amongst the----    Ms. Johnstone. The decisions on the tier rankings themselves were made by the Secretary of State. He himself has publicly said no other factors came into it. That is the full total of my knowledge.    Ms. Johnstone. Any of the recommendations that were made----    Ms. Johnstone . By my colleagues----    Ms. Johnstone. There were no factors other than the TVPA criteria to my knowledge.    Ms. Johnstone. The State Department does not share the internal deliberations.    Ms. Johnstone. I believe that the question of what information we would share and what documents we are able to share is being discussed currently by----    Ms. Johnstone. Have a right to know about how we----    Ms. Johnstone. I think it is very important to the American people how we address the issue. And I think that the facts speak for themselves in the reports themselves.    Ms. Johnstone. I will have to consult with my colleagues back in the State Department what documentation we are able to provide.    Ms. Johnstone. I am saying I don't have the authority to decide what documentation the State Department can provide.    Ms. Johnstone. That would certainly not be how I would characterize it. I do believe that the entire State Department takes the issue very seriously and our obligation----    Ms. Johnstone. We are not discussing the internal positions but----    Ms. Johnstone. The internal discussion process and which countries who weighed in on them we are considering to be the internal deliberation process. And to maintain the----    Ms. Johnstone . Reliability of the report----    Ms. Johnstone. I am not able to comment on the internal deliberations.    Ms. Johnstone. Not able.    Ms. Johnstone. The way that the process goes within the State Department, we have expert-level discussions within our office and----    Ms. Johnstone. That is certainly something that I will consult with my colleagues on.    Ms. Johnstone. As soon as we possibly can.    Ms. Johnstone. That should be possible.    Ms. Johnstone. Do you have a preference for which country we take first?    Ms. Johnstone. One thing I just wanted to point out quickly, you mentioned the sanctions and waivers piece. The White House did in fact release that information in October. I was looking for the date but we can get you the exact date. That was indeed released already.    And I think perhaps my colleague can talk about Vietnam. I am happy to talk about China.    Ms. Johnstone. Sure. I can take over for China.    Ms. Johnstone. If you would like.    When I was there last week I reinforced the serious concern that I know you share and that Deputy Secretary Blinken raised when he was in China as well. We are deeply concerned about the situation of human trafficking in China. Particularly, they need to take robust steps to address forced labor, including in state facilities. We raised that quite directly.    We are also concerned about women and children who may be trafficking victims that are not screened and identified as trafficking victims and may in fact be arrested and ultimately either prosecuted or deported if they are not Chinese citizens for crimes that they committed as a result of being victims rather than treated as victims.    We are also concerned that the government has forcibly repatriated North Koreans, as you mentioned. We continue to raise these issues both in the report and in our engagement with the government.    I must say that in my conversations last week with Chinese officials I was somewhat pleasantly surprised by their openness to share information with us, the efforts that they are taking to address particularly sex trafficking, and their expressed eagerness to continue to share best practices and even engage in joint training. Hopefully this can be a foundation that we can help them build better understanding of the crime.    One of the things that I left the country with was a sense that the Chinese Government's understanding of the crime of human trafficking is not the same as our own or as is outlined in the U.N. Palermo Protocol. In particular, they focus on issues in their laws as more expansive than our law or than Palermo. So we are trying to get a better understanding of their law enforcement data, how much of that actually is addressing what we would consider to be human trafficking as opposed to other horrible crimes that we just don't call human trafficking, like organ harvesting and organ trafficking, illegal adoption.    We talked a lot about the issue of forced marriage and trafficking amongst those women. As you yourself mentioned, Mr. Chairman, there is plenty to be concerned about in China. We do indeed measure the government's efforts against its own efforts in previous years, which is why China remained on the Tier 2 Watch List based on its efforts in previous years and what we do believe to be increasing law enforcement efforts.    We have serious concerns that we will continue to raise with them. And, hopefully, we will make some progress in the future.    I think my colleague also wanted to answer some of your questions about Cuba if we may.    Ms. Johnstone. And before I----    Ms. Johnstone. Yes.    Ms. Johnstone. If I could just mention.    Ms. Johnstone. October 5th was when the Presidential determinations with respect to waivers and sanctions for the Tier 3 countries were released. October 5th.    Ms. Johnstone. So I will in fact speak about India.    We do have serious concerns about the trafficking situation in India. We absolutely share your concern about such appalling stories that we, unfortunately, do hear coming out of India. The Government of India does not fully comply with the minimum standards for the elimination of trafficking, but it is making improvements in efforts to do so in our assessment.    During the reporting period, the government continued to fund shelter and rehabilitation services for women and children throughout India. It trained prosecutors and judges. And upon order of the Supreme Court, several states launched searches to trace the whereabouts of thousands of lost and abandoned children, including, we believe, potential trafficking victims.    The government's law enforcement progress was unclear, however, as you stated, as the government did not provide adequate disaggregated anti-trafficking data. And official complicity remained a serious concern that we share with you as well, Mr. Chairman. We continue to be troubled that victims were sometimes penalized through arrests for crimes committed as a result of being subjected to human trafficking, and that many anti-human trafficking units which liaise with other agencies and refer victims to shelters were not functioning.    NGOs assessed that government victim care services were inconsistent and inadequate for the scale of India's trafficking problem. We, therefore, remain concerned about the serious human trafficking situation in India, including forced and bonded labor.    On the T visa issue that you mentioned, I also would like to say that that is a concern that we share. We are deeply concerned by the reports that some Indian nationals holding U.S. T visa have experienced travel restrictions. As you noted, this is an important protection that the United States provides to trafficking victims, and we take that very seriously.    The current status of the Indian policy, as even the Reuters story that came out today indicated, is unclear. We continue to ask the Indian Government both to fully repeal the policy and give us a better understanding of what they are doing. We have engaged repeatedly, both in Washington and within India through our mission at very high levels. Ambassador Susan Coppedge and I will be heading there again this month, and we will definitely raise the issue of the T visas as well as the other, these other concerns that we have about human trafficking.    Ms. Johnstone. If I may begin by noting that the recommendations in the TIP Report generally are quite broad and long-term. And they are usually meant to bring a government into full compliance with the minimum standards. So they are not short-term or small.    And very frequently if you look at different countries as well, you would find that from year to year many of the recommendations are repeated, even if there is tier movement, because there may be some, some progress in one area of the recommendations but not others. So that is something that you would see in many countries.    In the case of Malaysia----    Ms. Johnstone. And they may, indeed, be making significant efforts toward fulfilling those recommendations without completely fulfilling the recommendations, which I think you could say is the case with Malaysia in 2015.    We had said, I mentioned earlier, for several years that our primary top recommendation, our biggest concern was how victims are treated in Malaysia. And with the adoption of amendments to their law we do believe that, if fully implemented, that the new law would fundamentally change the victim protection system.    Ms. Johnstone. We certainly saw much increased government efforts and four cabinet level meetings throughout the year in which the government did ramp up and outline significant new efforts that it was taking, including drafting this law through new consultations with civil society which it had not done in the past.    Ms. Johnstone. That was indeed progress and one of our top recommendations as well.    Ms. Johnstone. Well again, we do not discuss the internal deliberations and who had which position within the State Department. It is a fact-based deliberative process. And to maintain the credibility of the process itself we believe it is important that the expert opinions throughout the State Department are able to be expressed freely and candidly and that the credibility of the process is really important.    Ms. Johnstone. As I said earlier, the decision is ultimately the Secretary's to make. Our----    Ms. Johnstone. In the vast majority of cases the recommendations reach consensus at the working level between the TIP office and the regional bureaus and our colleagues at our Embassies and consulates around the world.    Ms. Johnstone. As well as the activity of the government throughout the year and in consulting with civil society and drafting the amendments.    Ms. Johnstone. Again, we are not free to discuss the internal deliberations and who had which position. The Ambassador did indeed convey accurately the concerns that the entire Department had, including the Secretary, about human trafficking in Malaysia and that the government needed to do more. Ultimately the Tier 2 Watch List assessment makes it very clear that the government still has a lot of work to do. It is far from a good grade. It is equivalent of a D minus. It indicates in fact that they still have a lot of work to do. And we do have serious concerns that are to be addressed.    Ms. Johnstone. I wouldn't characterize his quote as saying that Ambassador Yun made a recommendation on the tier ranking within that quote as well.    Ms. Johnstone. And we did see increased prosecutions and investigations. Of course we are very concerned that we didn't see progress and, in fact, saw a decline in the convictions.    Ms. Johnstone. We very much share the concern that you just voiced about the low number of convictions. And we have said that both publicly and privately.    When I was just in Malaysia last month we made that point very clearly and indicated that we anticipate significant progress as we are making the decisions for the 2016 Report.    Ms. Johnstone. We do maintain a relationship both through our Embassy and our office here with Tenaganita. I met with them myself as well in Malaysia last month. Their information definitely is something that we take into account when we are compiling the report.    We noted in the report and subsequently in our meetings with government officials the serious concern that we take about the allegations of trafficking in those areas and the camps and mass graves that were found. We understand that there is an ongoing investigation that has produced a report that is now with the Attorney General. We stressed the importance of accountability for everyone who is responsible for any human trafficking in those places, including government officials.    Ms. Johnstone. It is definitely a serious, serious issue that we have raised with the government, yes.    Ms. Johnstone. The facts that are outlined in the report itself, the ones that we just discussed, including the increase of prosecutions and investigations, noting that it is a mixed picture, that declining convictions are still a cause of concern. The government efforts that were made to reform the victim protection system during the reporting period, which was our top recommendation for the last several years.    Ms. Johnstone. There have been investigations of government officials. We don't have the prosecutions or convictions.    Ms. Johnstone. I believe that you maybe misspoke about the prosecutions. The prosecution investigations did increase. The convictions decreased.    Ms. Johnstone. So the law enforcement picture was actually a mixed one. There were increases in both prosecutions and investigations.    Ms. Johnstone. Three from nine, so.    Ms. Johnstone. It is woefully inadequate. We completely agree with you on that.    Ms. Johnstone. As I said earlier, the decisions about the tier designations are made by the Secretary of State. I was not part of the final discussions in the decision-making that he made. To my knowledge, certainly at the level of the people that you have here today, all of our colleagues in the regional bureaus and our Embassies and posts around the world and within the TIP office, all of our discussions about the factors and criteria were specifically looking at the TVPA criteria and the minimum standards there and trafficking.    Ms. Johnstone. Again, on internal deliberation process we don't discuss that publicly, who took which position when, and so that we can protect the credibility of the process. There are robust discussions, as there are on any policy issues. People have different perspectives on things. Ultimately the Secretary has to take into account views, perspectives, and the expertise of others.    And if I may, I would also like to address that I think there is a misperception of some of our regional bureau colleagues and our Embassies and missions, and perhaps others in the State Department, who also bring expertise. It is not only the TIP office that are experts on the trafficking situation and the situation in their countries. But the discussions that we have with them inform both the tier designations, but even more importantly the report.    It could not be as factual and as accurate and as objective as it is without the expertise and knowledge----    Ms. Johnstone. So on Uzbekistan, this is a country near and dear to my heart. As you mentioned in the beginning, I served as human rights officer there. And while I was there actually I was asked by the Embassy to focus on trafficking in persons as that was an issue that was of growing concern to the Department and the administration, even then in 2003 when I served there.    The issues of forced labor, particularly child labor as well as adult labor, are of great concern to the Department. We have over the years in various roles that I have been in personally also engaged on this with the Uzbekistan Government in close collaboration with our NGO partners as well, who provide vital information in very difficult circumstances. It is definitely an issue that we remain very concerned about.    And, again, I would point out that Uzbekistan was upgraded only to Tier 2 Watch List; that does indicate they are not meeting the minimum standards. They have a long way to go to improve their efforts on combating human trafficking. However, we do believe and did assess that in 2014 they did make significant efforts to dramatically reduce the use of forced child labor.    We share your concerns about adult forced labor, both in the cotton harvest and other sectors.    Ms. Johnstone. Well, I would like to take this opportunity to reiterate that human trafficking is an issue that not only the TIP office cares about, but our colleagues throughout----    Ms. Johnstone . The State Department.    Ms. Johnstone. I think that is what happened.    Ms. Johnstone. I would reiterate that, again, the narratives themselves are accurate and objective and the product of----    Ms. Johnstone. I believe that the process through which we came to the both the tier determinations themselves as well as the reports was very much improved by the deliberative process and the robust discussions and debates within the Department. Of course people will have different perspectives. That is natural for any----    Ms. Johnstone. Again I----    Ms. Johnstone. I am here representing the State Department, so I----    Ms. Johnstone. The Department's views on that, Thailand's rating----    Ms. Johnstone. If I could comment, I think that implicit in your question is maybe a misperception as well that we, I think the Reuters article also cast this as a winning and losing, and that the TIP office lost more often this year. And I don't think that is how we----    Ms. Johnstone. There are indeed a variety of opinions on Malaysia, which we did take into----    Ms. Johnstone. All I can tell you is that we have consulted with NGOs. We certainly take their views and information. They are very important----    Ms. Johnstone. As I said, there are a variety of opinions on the human trafficking situation in Malaysia, as there are on Thailand. There are serious problems in both countries. The Tier 2 Watch List ranking indicates very clearly that Malaysia still has a long way to go and they are still serious----    Ms. Johnstone. At the end of the day the tier ranking is the decision that the Secretary of State makes.    Ms. Johnstone. Thank you. Likewise, we look forward to working with you. And thank you for your commitment to this issue.