    Mr. Marino. Thank you, Chairman.    Good afternoon, General. Welcome.    Attorney General Lynch. Good afternoon.    Mr. Marino. I'm going to talk briefly on drug diversion.    Attorney General Lynch. I can't hear you.    Mr. Marino. I'm going to talk briefly about drug diversion. And it's not a question, really.    It has been a priority of mine to encourage the DEA to collaborate with companies in the pharmaceutical supply chain to address prescription drug abuse. In the past, DEA officials used ambiguities in the law to treat businesses like suspected criminals. With the support of this Committee, the House passed my legislation to clear up the relevant provisions of the Controlled Substance Act. That bill is now pending in the Senate, and it appears likely to be enacted.    The Department's response to my recent questions on this subject, that the Department ``recently made some important changes that demonstrate its commitment to work more closely with the drug supply chain and registrants,'' is very encouraging to me. I will closely keep an eye on this, but I am optimistic that progress is being made. And I thank you for pursuing that.    Attorney General Lynch. Thank you, sir.    Mr. Marino. I'm going to switch gears now to the Bureau of Prisons and oversight, and I do have some questions pursuant.    My district has three high-security Federal penitentiaries--I'm in Pennsylvania 10th District--Canaan, Lewisburg, and Allenwood. Three correction officers have died in recent years in the line of duty. Eric Williams was working alone and unarmed on a cell block with over 100 inmates at Canaan. He was stabbed 129 times.    A BOP pilot program was put into place to provide officers with pepper spray, which I think Eric and others would have had a chance to survive. Will you promise and give your word to me that you will support this program and make it permanent to all the personnel?    Attorney General Lynch. Congressman, I'm aware of the death that you mentioned, as well as the deaths of several of our other brave men and women in our correctional institutions.    I do support additional measures to increase their safety. I recently actually had a meeting with the heads of the correctional officers unions and spoke about these issues. And I look forward to working with them and with this body to make sure that they have all of the tools that they need to have a safe working environment.    Mr. Marino. Do you believe that pepper spray is one of these protection devices that would help officers but yet not have a weapon that the inmates could take?    Attorney General Lynch. Yes, I certainly think that pepper spray is a viable option. I would like to see the results of the pilot study.    Mr. Marino. Okay.    Attorney General Lynch. But I also would like to make sure that we include every possible option----    Mr. Marino. Thank you.    Attorney General Lynch . For protecting our correctional officers.    Mr. Marino. Still on the Bureau of Prisons, I'm going to talk about staffing for a moment.    Many of our Federal prisons are understaffed significantly below their authorized levels. I constantly check on this. In some cases, counselors, not corrections officers, fill in to guard inmates--counselors. Would you fully staff corrections officers' positions with trained officers?    Attorney General Lynch. Congressman, I can tell you that, certainly, not only is the safety and security of correctional officers a priority of mine, but ensuring that they have the appropriate staffing is a priority of mine.    It has certainly been a challenge for us from a budgetary perspective. We are certainly looking forward to meeting those challenges in the future and trying to ensure that every facility is fully staffed with professional officers.    Mr. Marino. And, almost 1 year ago, the Committee requested all communications relating to mandatory donation provisions in certain DOJ settlements.    Attorney General Lynch. I'm sorry, mandatory?    Mr. Marino. Mandatory donation provisions in DOJ settlements.    Attorney General Lynch. Thank you.    Mr. Marino. Last week, your staff advised that they did not realize that we wanted internal documents. We were very, very clear, both via letter and in live questioning, that we were specifically seeking internal documents.    There always seems to be some jockeying between Congress and this Administration over oversight matters. This is unacceptable. It's a continual problem.    When will we receive the internal documents we requested almost exactly a year ago?    Attorney General Lynch. Congressman, with respect to the requests that have been made, to the extent that we receive requests that ask for internal deliberative documents that typically we do not disclose, that may have been the reason for that.    What we try and do is work with either staff or the entire Committee to provide the information that you need to carry out your oversight function consistent with our law enforcement and privilege obligations. And we certainly look forward to working with you to do that.    Mr. Marino. I just hope we do not have to continue, as we have in the past, splitting hairs over a particular word.    And thank you, and I yield back.