    Mr. Leaman. Mr. Chairman, Ranking Member Johnson, and Congressman Bishop, I'd like to thank you for the opportunity to testify today on behalf of H.R. 2315. As the vice president of Taxes for Masco Corporation, which is the member of the coalition, we have been active members of the coalition primarily to see enactment to this legislation through enactment. And I'm here today to testify to be able participate in a rare opportunity to move truly widespread bipartisan legislation through the Congress.    Masco Corporation is headquartered in Taylor, Michigan. It's one of the largest manufacturers of brand-name products for the home construction industry and remodeling. We have Delta Faucets, Behr Paint, KraftMaid and Merillat Cabinets, Milgard Windows, Caldera Hot Spring and Spas; as well as we install products for the home, as well as install insulation in the new home construction market. Our workforce includes many employees that travel across state lines that which include our sales force; which includes installers for cabinets, installers of insulation, as well as employees who provide support to the big boxes, in particular Home Depot and Lowes.    We have a workforce of over 23,000 people in the United States. I would say at least 40 percent of those employees would qualify as mobile workers. Therefore, a large portion of our workforce we had have to track.    We have a tremendous representation from the subcommittee of our employee base. Chairman Marino's district in Sayre, Pennsylvania has over 700 employees with Masco cabinetry. The 560 employees in Vista, California of Congressman Issa's district. We have a BrassCraft headquartered in Novi, Michigan, Representative Trott's district. And we have over a thousand individuals employed in the State of Washington State, of Congresswoman DelBene.    The problem. You know, Masco Corporation as most large corporation make every effort to comply with tax laws and regulations. And it's a tremendous burden and it takes tremendous resources for us to accomplish that. Masco has a long history of being transparent in working with taxing authorities in a way to move forward the process.    The management of the workforce that we're referring to today does not come under my responsibility. You know, marketing, HR, sales, but oftentimes I'm consulted because of the tax matters that they're faced with. People often ask me what am I faced--what keep me up at night and Sarbanes-Oxley, which is effectively referred to as Sox is one of my, you know, biggest concerns. And when you look at the administration of a workforce, 40 percent where they are traveling across state lines, you know I'm never assured of the fact of when a problem might arise that cause me Sarbanes-Oxley's issues.    Just to give you a couple of examples of what we're faced with, you know, we have, as I indicated, a workforce that travels across state lines. And when we take an example of our installation service group, we have 7,000 employees that work in that group and, yet, we file 10,500 W-2s on behalf of that workforce primarily attributable to the fact that these individuals cross state lines.    Another issue, albeit an extreme example, but we had one individual who, because of crossing state lines and moving into different municipalities in one given year, had 50 W-2s. So if you can envision an individual who makes something less than $50,000 a year and at the end of the year is faced with filing his tax return, it's undaunting. And to highlight that issue, he would be or others required to go out and hire tax professionals at a cost that oftentimes they cannot afford. And yet, it's not uncommon. It's quite frequent that we receive calls from these CPA's, tax professionals, asking us, in terms of how to administer these tax laws and what opportunities might we be able to do to mitigate the costs to these individuals.    So as we've talked about, this is a tremendous administrative burden on both not just the employer but on the employee as well.    And again, referring to the simplicity of, I think, the tax legislation that we're putting forth, it's an administrative fix where we are not doing anything to adjust or deflect the proper tax reporting of income. It's merely administratively expedient on behalf of all parties whether it is the corporations, individuals, government taxing authorities, it's a relief. So I'm here to encourage the Subcommittee to report this out to the full Congress.    Thank you.    Mr. Leaman. That is correct.    From a corporate standpoint, it really does come down to a tracking mechanism. So, how do you take the ability to track 23,000 employees? I used to think that tracking physical assets in a plant was a difficult task until I started having to track employees covering the country.    So, it is a mechanism. We have put in place procedures, and what complicates it is oftentimes the employee or the manager will just, on a spur of the moment, need to satisfy a customer needs or demand and say you need to go to state A today or tomorrow to accomplish that customer needs. So that is never reported back to payroll or the tax department in terms of being able to track that person. So once we are able to obtain that information by year-end, we then have to process the W-2s and oftentimes the employee themselves don't even realize they are going to be subject to multiple state taxation because they are not finding out until January of the close of the calendar year.    So once they receive that, they contact a tax advisor because they have no idea how to handle that. And oftentimes the tax advisors, because they are in a situation just as we are, they want to comply with their ethical standards and professional standards and do what is appropriate according to statute. So it is not easy as it might be suggested to say it won't be enforced.    And so, consequently, you know, we are in bind because we know we need to comply with statutes and regulations. And Turbo Tax doesn't handle 50 W-2s, by the way.    Mr. Leaman. That is correct.    Mr. Leaman. Minus those that aren't subject to the state income tax.    Mr. Leaman. With respect to H.R. 2315, we have a real example within the State of Michigan where we pattern the audit process after the IRS Federal Cap program; where they are auditing us in real-time. And they have taken 40 percent of their time out of the audit process.    And so, to address your question about the efficiencies of government, government is looking for the opportunities to reduce the administrative burdens internally. And I think these laws go a long way to reduce that burden.    Mr. Leaman. Yes, Congressman. Likewise, I take it personally when you hear comments about business because historically Masco has always put forth the effort to cooperate with the taxing authorities and comply with the tax laws. To give a perspective at the Federal level with the IRS Cap audit out of a department of, let's say, 25 people, we probably have about six or seven people that work with the IRS, literally, on a regular, daily basis. They reside in our department.    With the Michigan Cap program, we have been able to simplify that process where they are able to come in and, over a 3-month period, start and complete the audit with about two or three of our resources advocated. But, again, streamlining and simplifying the compliance and the audit process by the cooperation with these programs. Albeit, other states don't have similar programs, we make similar efforts to assist them in completing their task and their job because we know and we recognize they have a job to do to collect and to assess proper revenues by each company.    So, you know, our efforts are primarily focused in terms of how we run our tax department around how we cooperate with taxing authorities.    Mr. Leaman. And that is problematic. Because, again, as the chief tax officer of the company and my staff, we are unable to provide any kind of tax guidance or service and they are left on their own. And as I alluded to in my comments, you know we can't even assist their tax advisors who contact us looking for assistance and guidance as well, too. And I think, really, when you boil this matter down, you know, I think all parties are properly assisted with H.R. 2315. I think the employees will be the ones who will be the single biggest beneficiaries from this enactment.    Mr. Leaman. Correct.    Mr. Leaman. That is correct.    And again, because of the corporate policy and philosophy, which is to put a system in place that doesn't necessarily track de minimis amounts because it is a policy and/or procedure we have in place, both a corporation and the employee is put in that position of having to go ahead and file.    Mr. Leaman. We have a couple extreme cases because of that, yes. That is correct.    Mr. Leaman. And again, our typical workforce that falls into this category are usually making $50,000 or less.    Mr. Leaman. That is correct.    Mr. Leaman. I think it does, Congressman. I think, you know again, as my opening remarks, it is a rare opportunity to have a bipartisan legislation that really addresses all constituents in this are individuals in this process, and I think it goes a long way to simplifying.