    Mr. Davis. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And thank you and all the witnesses.    Kind of a follow-up to my colleague, Mr. Kelly, and my colleague, Mr. Lucas', line of questioning. Mr. Lukken, now, if the banking regulators won't recognize the customer margin as reducing the clearing members' exposure, are the Basel standards actually discouraging, in your opinion, the collection of client margin, and thereby, as Mr. Lucas talked about, the effect on his constituents and my constituents, and all of our constituents, who want to use this process, are they discouraging clearing?    Mr. Davis. So you are reducing the amount of clearing members that would want to participate in this process for our constituents to participate in the futures, the options, the swaps market, et cetera, therefore, reducing the number of clearing members, which wouldn't that ultimately raise the cost?    Mr. Davis. So much more than a ham sandwich.    Mr. Davis. Okay, so premium ham sandwich or the whole hog. Well, actually, the whole hog would probably cost less on the market, right?    Mr. Davis. So you would rather us just have the larger firms?    Mr. Davis. So costs are coming down, consolidations are happening, we have in the banking sector, as we have seen in the rural area that I represent, there aren't as many community banks anymore. It seems to me that we are getting to the point where we might actually have too many, we are getting to the point where we only have the banks that are too big to fail. Are we going to see the same thing on the clearing side, Mr. O'Malia?    Mr. Davis. And my constituents----    Mr. Davis. And my constituents are losing access to be able to participate in this marketplace too, correct? And, Mr. O'Malia, I have a question for you really quick. You stated in your testimony that we need to understand the cumulative effect of these regulatory changes on the economy before they are fully implemented. I agree. You just briefly touched on that a second ago. I am assuming the proponents of these changes would argue that the potential adverse effects on the economy could be much greater if we don't expeditiously implement the changes. I mean can you expand on that and your testimony a little bit?    Mr. Davis. Thank you. My time has expired, Mr. Chairman.    The Chairman. The chair recognizes the gentleman from California for 5 minutes.    Mr. Davis. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Deas, quickly, I have a question for you.    Mr. Davis. In your testimony, you comment that requiring dealing counterparties provide required stable funding for 20 percent of the negative replacement cost of derivative liabilities before deducting the variation margin posted is a clear example of the direct burdens that would affect end-users' ability to efficiently mitigate risk. Can you elaborate, since we talked about end-users a lot in this hearing, can you elaborate how this requirement directly impacts them?    Mr. Davis. Thank you.    Mr. Davis. Ten to 15 percent?    Mr. Davis. Much higher than what we heard in some of the testimony earlier today.    Mr. Davis. Thank you. Mr. Lukken, we have had some discussion on, and you mentioned in your oral statement that other jurisdictions overseas are in the process of implementing the leverage ratio standards based on the Basel leverage ratio. How far along are the EU, Japan, and Switzerland in implementing these new standards based on Basel?    Mr. Davis. Okay, and take it a little bit further. Can you state for the Committee, you believe, or don't you, that this may cause problems for banks that obviously fall under multiple jurisdictions?    Mr. Davis. So we have seen that Members of the European Parliament, Kay Swinburne, a Welsh Member of the European Parliament, has brought up this idea of the EU fixing unilaterally the leverage ratio, even if other jurisdictions like the U.S. are in opposition. Now, I mean do you foresee such an effort there, or do you think, as you just mentioned before, that there might be a better compromise through other means?    Mr. Davis. So you would like the agencies to fix it and keep the politicians out, right?    Mr. Davis. And keep the politicians out, just like here.    Mr. Davis. Thank you.