    Mr. Cooper. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Thank you for holding this important hearing. And I look forward to the testimony of the witnesses and ask that my statement be inserted for the record.    Mr. Cooper. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    First, Dr. Murdock, I appreciate your leading a very provocative report. It is very helpful to get this discussion started.    I was wondering first off when you picked three other think tanks, what points of view are left out? What think tanks or viewpoints could have or should have been included?    Mr. Cooper. In the report, it seems that everybody agrees on keeping the triad. Everybody agrees on improving command and control. And most of you want basically every weapon in the arsenal that we don't have, you know, with varying the yield and other criteria.    So on the yield, on page 20 of your report, you talk about how the massive ordnance penetrator, the MOPs, at 30,000 pounds is about 20 times smaller than our smallest nuke. So presumably you want to fill that gap with something that would be proportionate and discriminate.    Are there key points within that? Do we need a mid-way weapon? Do we need--what exactly are you looking at sub-kiloton?    Mr. Cooper. How do you define what is a new nuclear weapon as opposed to a refurb?    Mr. Cooper. You used the analogy of angels dancing on the head of a pin. I assume you are not discounting the distinction between what is new and what is a refurbishment of an older weapon.    Could we, using our existing stockpile, create enough sub-kiloton weapons or other special effects to achieve this? Or are we forced to create new weapons?    Mr. Cooper. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I look forward to the next rounds of questions.    Mr. Cooper. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    It is a fascinating and terrifying debate and words like ``discriminate'' and ``proportional'' sound so good and they are used in this debate to possibly have a whole new class of weapons that we thought we had discarded decades ago.    And it certainly gives you an advantage over the others who could then be alleged to favor indiscriminate and disproportional responses.    But I wonder, in a nuclear exchange, how good are we at knowing what in fact has happened? Like could an adversary think a low-yield weapon that we are so proud of because it was discriminate and proportional was in fact a dud? And how do you know? And I know there are seismic detectors and there are lots of ways to kind of tell. But in the panic of war, the fog of war, who really knows, and the world's fate could hang in the balance.    So when Mr. Colby advocates switching out D5s for primary-only missiles or, you know, dialing these things down to variable yield so presumably we get in Mr. Murdock's sweet spot of between MOPs and, you know .3 kiloton, like, that is--I don't know, how do people know this?    Mr. Cooper. Preparation is a very seductive argument. And I as a Boy Scout, an Eagle Scout, am all for being prepared. But capability can translate into survival, it can also translate into temptation. You know, you build a series of perfect hammers, then you are going to use that hammer and every problem will start looking like a nail.    And it is interesting how many times Russia has come up in the discussion, because in terms of population Pakistan is now larger and may be a less predictable nuclear power, but we like to demonize; Dr. Blechman pointed out three times in his career, we have exaggerated the capabilities of different enemy categories.    It is really important we get this right.    Mr. Cooper. Yes.    Mr. Cooper. Well, we need to make sure we don't mistake nationalist bluster for serious intent, and when you are leading a nation that is declining in population, has a problem with alcoholism, you have to use extraordinary measures to try to be popular in a country like that.    I am in no way defending Mr. Putin. But it is so important that we get this right. A copycat approach, a monkey-see, monkey-do approach could well be what they are most interested in when so often we have been on the short end of asymmetric warfare.    It seems to me that the ideal response is not a proportional one, but a hugely worse one, but nonlethal. You know, it is amazing what the capabilities of the militaries are and the capabilities of warfighting, not just nuclear-nuclear.    So I hope that we will be able to explore these issues. I appreciate Dr. Murdock leading this very interesting study and getting the debate going again because it has been too long since we have had one like this. And it is very important that the members of this committee and the Congress be more versed in these issues.    And the final point would be, Dr. Blechman's, we have heard a lot of hawkish comments today. But as the National Journal reminds us today, we are about to pass a defense bill that uses pay-fors that are, quote--``almost universally regarded as gimmicky.'' That is a real sign of a national strength. That is a real sign of commitment.    And everybody talks tough, but you have got to be able to pay the bills. And when we are borrowing so much of this money from China to do this, it has a certain ironic touch.    So Dr. Murdock's entirely right. We can pay for this if we have the will to do it. It is a very small percentage of our defense budget. But we haven't been paying for our defense budget. And it goes without saying what our NATO allies have done to shirk their responsibilities. You know, they enjoy our umbrella, but they don't want to pay the bills either.    So we have serious issues in the West of willpower and determination. And I hope that debates like this can not only focus on the technical, military aspects, but also the social aspects that are required to have a genuinely strong defense.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.