    Ms. Cobert. Yes.    Ms. Cobert. Thank you, Chairman Chaffetz, Ranking Member Cummings, and distinguished members of the committee for inviting me to discuss the Federal Government's efforts to reduce fragmentation, overlap, and duplication across programs. I appreciate the opportunity to discuss this important area because it is critical that the administration and Congress work together to advance reforms that help sustain a high performing, cost effective government.    GAO is a key partner in OMB's efforts to create more efficiencies and cost savings. GAO's 2015 report provides helpful updates on actions the administration and Congress have taken on recommendations from previous reports and offers new recommendations. I also particularly appreciate this opportunity to testify along with Comptroller Gene Dodaro. Whether it is a GAO high risk list, this report, or other specific issues, Gene and I are regularly working together towards the common goal of creating positive outcomes for citizens and thoughtful and careful spending of taxpayer dollars.    GAO's report recognizes some of the overall progress the administration has made since the initial areas of fragmentation, overlap, and duplication were identified in 2011. The executive branch and Congress together, have significantly engaged in 337 of the 440 broad areas GAO has identified over the past 4 years. Within these broad areas, the executive branch has made progress on 79 percent of GAO's recommendations, with 30 percent fully addressed and 49 percent partially addressed.    The President's management agenda provides a strong foundation for tackling duplication, fragmentation, and overlap. The President's management agenda is built on four core pillars; effectiveness, efficiency, economic growth, and people in culture. By focusing on how we can simplify processes to make services better, finding ways to share best practices and information more effectively across the Federal Government and with the public and leveraging the talents of America's Federal workforce, the administration is driving an agenda that enables the government to operate more efficiently in the 21st Century.    Addressing the government's critical priorities requires focus, discipline, and collaboration, often across organizational boundaries. Whether it is in corporate, nonprofit or government entities, in my experience, it boils down to prioritizing, focus, and working together.    One key way that OMB helps support this prioritization and collaboration is through the agency priority goal and cross-agency priority goals established as part of the Government Performance and Results Modernization Act, GPRA.    The administration is pleased to update you on progress in several specific areas related to GAO's extensive recommendations as well as the President's management agenda. I'd like to share a few specific examples. Saving on real property costs. Through the administration's Freeze the Footprint Policy, agencies achieved a 21.4 million square foot reduction in office and warehouse space between Fiscal year 2012 and Fiscal Year 2014. And in Fiscal Year 2014 alone, the government disposed of 7,350 buildings, 47 million square feet of space and eliminated $17 million of annual operation and maintenance costs as a result of Freeze the Footprint. We recently issued the national strategy for real property, which builds on these efforts and requires agencies to reduce their real property footprint going forward.    Acquisition. Through strategic sourcing efforts, the administration has generated $417 million in savings and reduced contract duplication by up to 40 percent in targeted areas, but we know we need and can do more. We're building on the success through our category management efforts, an approach that allows us to further reduce duplicative acquisition practices and better leverage government-wide buying power and expertise.    Smarter IT delivery. Through the data-driven PortfolioStat process, the government has achieved more than $2.3 billion in savings in the past 3 years around spending on IT.    Eliminating homelessness. Through strong collaborative work across agencies through the U.S. Interagency Council on Homelessness and community partnerships, the administration has made significant progress toward the President's ambitious goal of ending homelessness, particularly among veterans. Veterans homelessness is down 33 percent, and people experiencing chronic homelessness on a single night is down 21 percent with great cooperation across agencies on this effort. The Fiscal year 2016 budget also continues to propose reforms and target duplicative programs for reduction or elimination. In the President's first six budgets, the administration identified on average more than 150 cuts, consolidations, and savings, averaging more than $23 billion each year.    We are also working to oversee the implementation of two new key pieces of legislations that will further strengthen efforts to improve efficiency and save taxpayer resources. The Digital Accountability and Transparency Act, the DATA Act; and the Federal Information Technology Reform Act, FITARA.    Our efforts and success to date showed that we can improve the way government works and provide the American people with an efficient, effective, and high performing government. We look forward to continuing to work with Congress and the GAO and other stakeholders to identify additional opportunities to create a government that makes a significant tangible difference in the economy and the lives of the American people and spends its dollars wisely.    I thank the committee for holding this hearing and for your commitment to improving Federal performance. I'd be pleased to answer any questions you may have.    Ms. Cobert. Thank you for your question, Congressman.    As we think about real estate and the portfolio as a whole, what we've tried to do is to take a very data driven approach to understand our starting point, where we're going, and what the needs are. What are buildings used for today, and do they still fulfill the purpose that they had? What are the new purposes for which real estate is needed and important to do that way, so to try and get that balance right and to use that data in better decisionmaking across.    Ms. Cobert. The acquisition of properties for different purposes, you have to go back and say what are we acquiring those properties for? I don't have the specifics the programs on the Department of Interior, but I do know we are trying to think about what buildings and what properties we have for which purpose and can we use those or reuse those or find a way to get rid of them.    Ms. Cobert. It's beautiful.    Ms. Cobert. If I could add, we worked closely with GAO on these issues and the ability to get better data and better control over the spending through actions like FITARA, through the work of this committee, really gives us a foundation for something to have to keep managing very closely going forward.    Ms. Cobert. Cobert's correct.    Ms. Cobert. Not Colbert.    Ms. Cobert. Most people do.    Ms. Cobert. Thank you for raising this issue, and I also want to thank our colleagues at GAO for raising this issue in the report. It is something that we believe is important to address and working with them and working with agencies, we are moving to tackle that.    One of the first places starts where you said, which is having an accurate inventory of software licences. Software and IT purchasing across the Federal Government has been highly decentralized both among inside of agencies and components within agencies as well as across agencies. One of the first steps that we're taking as part of our category management initiative around IT is to develop a much more accurate inventory of licenses that exist and the utilization of those licenses today. As the way agencies use software changes, for example, as we are succeeding in moving more to the cloud, the ability to have a consolidated view of licenses becomes much easier and the ability to be smarter about how to manage those licenses, how to think about what you're paying for for those licenses, how to make sure that these things are current and used and you're not paying for what you don't need becomes much easier. So we are in the midst of an effort to do that now.    As I mentioned earlier, the FITARA legislations gives us more authority in terms of how we get agencies to consolidate and coordinate their buying. And as we're putting together the guidance for that newly enacted law, this is one of the areas that we're focusing on. It is a big priority for our Federal CIO, who just joined us from industry. So he really brings a lot of the best practices that industry is using to this important area. Something we're going to a be a big focus for our work in 2015.    Ms. Cobert. I don't have the specifics of that, but in my life in the private sector, when I looked at those issues, you would find many instance of that. And I wouldn't be surprised if my colleagues would tell me that were the case, at least in some places.    Ms. Cobert. I'd like to add to Gene's comments about the need to both think about areas where there are duplication and where there are areas where there may be more fragmentation or overlap that you're not able to address immediately through some other structure is finding a way to coordinate across agencies.    One area we did that quite successfully is looking at science, technology, engineering, and math education, where we looked at the effectiveness of programs, put together a 5-year plan. We've reduced the number of programs from 220 to 140 and now have those programs much more balanced and effective. It's a critical area of importance for our Nation's future. And what we tried to do in that is get the interagency process to say: Who is doing the best job at each one of these things, and then reallocate within that to the people who had the best capabilities. Those kinds of processes can work. They take a lot of work to make happen.    Ms. Cobert. We are working on the data standards that are due in May. There's been an active process of consultation with many different stakeholders inside the executive branch, with Congress, external stakeholders, to get those data standards defined in a way that makes sense. And we have been actively working on that to meet the May deadlines. As Gene said, this is a big focus of our office. We do believe that the Data Act creates real potential to provide better information to decision makers inside all parts of government, and are taking our responsibility to execute against the recommendations and the Congressional mandate that's been given to us very, very seriously.    Mrs. Maloney.And have there been any--any unexpected problems that have come up from OMB or Treasury that you've had to address?    Ms. Cobert. It is a complicated process to take financial systems that were in some ways designed for a different purpose and turn them into being used this way. So there is a lot of hard detailed work. We've requested funding in the fiscal year 2016 budget to help ensure we can meet the implementation timeline. So we've been working our way through this, and we will continue to be working our way through this according to the time table that Congress has set out.    Ms. Cobert. We've been working for the May deadline. That is the path that we're on right now. So, you know, that's--that's----    Ms. Cobert. Yeah. Oh, no. No. Yeah.    Ms. Cobert. Thank you for describing that particular instance. It's an example of the many places where we work closely with GAO on trying to take what they learn from their work and work together both within OMB and across agencies to put things into action.    The recommendations there were very clear, and we were able to pursue that through our normal oversight of grants, which is done through the Office of Federal Financial Management. Actually a part of my responsibilities at OMB.    We are also on a number of other areas working to implement the GAO reports, whether it's on elements around strategic sourcing, portfolios that we discussed earlier, a data center consolidation. In our mind, the input we get from GAO is extremely valuable in helping us set our agenda for working together with agencies. And, in fact, in particular, for example, on things like the high-risk list. Gene and I have meetings together with the relevant agencies. We sort of work our way through the high-risk list on a monthly basis. Because we think it's important to take these things seriously.    Ms. Cobert. Absolutely.    Ms. Cobert. Agencies are responding. You can see that in the number of reports, of the number of action items that have been addressed fully or partially. Some of those are through OMB actions. Some of those are through agency actions, and where they haven't been addressed, we're continuing to try and understand what's getting in the way. Sometimes they have--they may have the same diagnosis of a problem as GAO, a slightly different view on what the right solution is, and that's where we enter into an active dialogue to say what's the best way to try and get at the root problem we're trying to solve.    Ms. Cobert. Thank you.    Ms. Cobert. I'd be happy to.    Ms. Cobert. I'd be happy to look into that and get back to you around that.    Ms. Cobert. We'd be happy to continue the dialogue with you about practical ways to move the ball forward. We know there's things there that--opportunities that can be captured, and we'd be very interested in continuing the conversation with you and others about how to move the ball forward faster.    Ms. Cobert. Our team will tell you that I'm a data geek, so better data is always helpful.