    Ms. Herrera Beutler. Thank you. And I have three pieces here, and I am going to make them as brief as possible, I appreciate your time.    I am going to start with--I am going to start on a different track and kind of come back to cyber, because, you know, why not mix it up? Actually, this does have a relation. In your submitted testimony you mentioned the Internet facilitated sexual exploitation of children as an evolving threat that your agency is faced with. And as you know, there are thousands of children every year, through sites like backpage.com and other Internet sites, that are sold.    Backpage and other sites have acknowledged the existence of prostitution and sexual exploitation, and of minors on their sites and these sites are accomplices of basically promoting prostitution and exploitation of minors. I want to know where the FBI--has the FBI prosecuted any of these companies for knowingly permitting the exploitation of girls and young women on their sites?    Ms. Herrera Beutler. Follow up, since the online facilitated sexual exploitation of children is an evolving and prioritized threat, help me understand your allocation to that area of investigations. And how does the Internet Crimes Against Children Program fund fit into that?    Ms. Herrera Beutler. And I am glad you mentioned that piece on Operation Cross Country because I think the demand side, you know, a lot of the work we have been trying to do, even at a State level, is changing the perception. So first of all, we have been much more successful here federally. These are victims.    We are talking about young children who have been brought into this slavery, this form of slavery, trafficked and exploited, and what we have--now we are turning our eyes to how do we beat the demand? How are these people prosecuted?    There is nothing more frustrating than knowing a 17 or 16 year old girl who has been prostituted is the one that faces the criminal penalty and a John walks free. It makes me--it is infuriating to me. So you are focused on the demand side, both these portals that these criminals are using, and I agree pimp has almost been romanticized in some areas, which is pathetic, but these Johns, these slavers, need to be the focus.    And, too, I think you said name and shame, that is another area and a place. I mean, some of the people who are buying these children are people that, at times, are amongst us.    Switching, and this is an area where we are going to continue to focus, so we may continue and follow up with your staff and your team.    Cyber, this is my last question. Premera Blue Cross in Washington State had a real serious cyber attack last May, but the company did not discover the breach until January of this year. And then upon the advice of the FBI, and a cyber security firm, the company waited until March 17th to provide notification of the attack.    According to the information we have received to date, about 11 million customers nationwide and about 6 million in Washington State, including my constituents, may have been compromised. So I guess I want to hear why would the FBI recommend they wait to make that information public when we are talking about names, addresses, telephone numbers, Social Security numbers, and in some cases medical history, banking data, so on and so forth?    Ms. Herrera Beutler. I would assume that is a 24 hour or a 2 day--I mean, the way we--from some of our previous briefings that we have had with cyber security division, that is not a two month window, because if it is we are not doing something right.    Ms. Herrera Beutler. I have another follow-up on that because that greatly concerns me.    Ms. Herrera Beutler. Thank you. I yield back.    Ms. Herrera Beutler. Thank you, and thank you for being here. In Southwest Washington, my district, it goes from the Pacific coast, from the mouth of the Columbia up to the tip of Willapa Bay, and the salmon hatcheries on the Columbia River, which are Mitchell Act funded, support recreational and commercial fishing. So it is kind of very two opposite ends of the country, but we both have fish issues, surprisingly. Different fish, mind you. These fisheries support thousands of jobs in our region. And actually, I should add, up the coastline it is an amazing resource that we love, protect and, as we protect it, it also takes care of us in the form of commercial activity, it provides for families. And despite the importance of these hatcheries, I feel like we are having some challenges that we cannot address that are threatening our livelihood. I was really upset to see NOAA requested $3 million less to the Salmon Management Activities account and those reductions target Mitchell Act hatcheries. And even under this spending level we know that the number of fish released is decreasing as costs escalate.    We had certain answers on this information, but what I would like to understand, despite the fact that as you take away money and you allocate less resources and time to something, they are maintaining in their budget document that they are going to be able to meet their obligation for operation and maintenance and their obligation to meet the hatchery reform responsibilities, which I am not totally sure how they are going to do that. Do you have any insight--and I know this is really getting into the weeds--as to how they are going to meet those obligations despite putting time and attention into it?    Ms. Herrera Beutler. It gets specific quickly.    Ms. Herrera Beutler. I would appreciate that. The second concern I have relative to these hatcheries and those that are in the Puget Sound is the issue associated with hatcheries not having approved hatchery genetic management plans. And I know that they are required under ESA, but absent the HGMPs these hatcheries are vulnerable to third-party lawsuits and potential legal action that could halt the hatchery releases. And this is another--there are lots of salmon issues--this is another area where I would like to make sure that the backlog is addressed and that these get put forward and put through for approval, because by not doing them it just jeopardizes our effort, the time and the money that we are we putting into protecting these wild and hatchery species. So that is another area where I would welcome your help.    Ms. Herrera Beutler. That would be great. Great, that is it. When you talk about main issues, why you get on a Committee like this, that is a big one for us. So, thank you.    Ms. Herrera Beutler. Yes, it is.    Ms. Herrera Beutler. Yes, it is.    Ms. Herrera Beutler. Thank you.