    Mr. Sarbanes. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. Riley, I apologize if the topic has been touched upon already or this question in particular. But I am interested in this, the bill that relates to someone converting assets to income through purchase of an annuity and the proposed change for how that might be handled. I gather that right now there is some protections that make the state the ultimate beneficiary of annuity proceeds in the case where that spouse dies. So there is a way for the state to benefit.    But now there is a proposal to I guess divide in half the proceeds during the period in which both spouses are alive, one being in the institution and the other being still at home. And I just wondered if you could speak to what you think, first, the incidence of, like, how frequently do you have a sense the situation is even arising where somebody is doing that annuity purchase under circumstances where there is a spouse that is institutionalized, and then within that universe, how often it is the case that the amounts we are talking about would be such that you could argue that they were trying to kind of waste or hide or redirect assets that would otherwise create a profile that would disqualify the spouse from institutional care?    And I would imagine, as well, that if somebody for the right reasons was converting assets to an income stream, that if you required that 50 percent of that be allocated to the institutionalized spouse, you might create a situation where the spouse that remains at home would actually qualify faster for institutional care based on their profile because there is a reduced amount of income available to them. So in terms of the income profile, you might actually be adding someone onto the state's burden who otherwise because of a smartly purchased annuity would be able to cover their expenses through that if they ultimately ended up in an institutionalized setting. So maybe you could comment on some of those issues.    Mr. Sarbanes. All right. Thank you.    I have no other questions.