    Ms. Clarke. Mr. Kennedy, Mr. Davis, thank you for testifying here today. Coming out of the New York experience in 9/11, and understanding that there have been a host of iterations of I guess ways of becoming interoperable, I want to know whether we are looking at how we maximize on the infrastructures that have already--that are already in existence, whether FirstNet will be an underlay of those systems, or are we talking about essentially putting those systems aside, and deploying FirstNet as the main vein, if you will, of communications not only in the New York region, but I guess across the Nation.    And I say that because I look at the major investments that have been made in a city like New York. A whole new 911 infrastructure has been put in place. There are a lot of taxpayer dollars there. Is there a way that you have looked at the assets of various regions around the Nation and looked at what could be amenable to the new deployment from a broadband perspective, or whether you see those being phased out, basically, over time so that this becomes sort of the primary tool for communication and coordination?    Ms. Clarke. That was a good answer. My next question to you is, for those parts of the country where you have sort of a voluntary first responder infrastructure, have you thought about how the usage of FirstNet will be communicated, and are they already integrated into I guess networks of conversation around the deployment of FirstNet, and how they will interact with it? Because, of course, their--primarily stand up their operations on a volunteer basis, and--but they play a very crucial role in responding in remote areas, where there isn't necessarily a municipality that does so. Could you give us some insights into that as well? And any feedback you may have gotten from those communities.    Ms. Clarke. And in the protocols that are I guess being established, is there a component of that that looks at the security of the system, and how is that being baked in, and also how are you containing sort of access to that? Everyone in the Nation is just concerned about cyber, and I just wanted to get your feedback.    Ms. Clarke. I thank you very much for your response. I yield back. Thank you, Mr. Chair.