    Mr. Donovan. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    It has not been credited to anyone yet but as we sat here within the last hour when the chairman gavelled in there has been a mass shooting in a movie theater in Germany where at least 25 people have been injured. No one has taken credit for that but it is remarkable that we are speaking about this issue now and this occurred during our hearing.    I want to talk a little bit--my friend Brad Sherman spoke about prosecutors. I was a prosecutor for 20 years before I came to Congress and I remember in the days when gangs--street gangs used to recruit prospects for their gangs. And they could visualize--they could see the loner in the school yard. They could see the young person who had low self-esteem. They knew their target.    How do the recruiters for ISIS and other violent extremists find these individuals on the Internet? Because you can't visually see this person in their basement who is on their computer and doesn't have any friends and is a loner, unlike the street gangs.    How does this actually occur? How are they finding these individuals who are susceptible to being recruited? And I leave that to anyone.    Mr. Donovan. So the individual has to kind of let the recruiters know that I am a person who has curiosity?    Mr. Donovan. I understand it is a romance and it takes time to nurture these individuals. You hit on something I wanted to speak about in my remaining few minutes--the dark space, when they find someone who may be susceptible, who feels they want to belong to something that is greater than they, to have a purpose in life where they never had a purpose before.    And once that recruiter realizes they have someone of that mindset they go into these dark spaces where we can't even follow them. Do you have any insight or any opinion of what government could do about that? I am on Homeland Security too and we struggle with that on a daily basis.    Mr. Donovan. Anyone else have a comment? Thank you very much. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the time that I no longer have.