    Mr. Jordan. I thank the chairman.    In the previous, Mr. Lynch, the ranking member, talked about just 20 non-citizens on the voter rolls in Kansas, I think was the example. If it's one, that is a problem. And the issue today is there is potentially five million more potential problems.    So let's remember what got us here. Twenty-two times the President said he couldn't do what he turned around and did. His actions violated the rule of law and the United States Constitution. You don't have to take my word for it; we have all kinds of law professors who say what he did was unlawful and a violation of the Constitution. And not just any law professors, all kinds of liberal law professors said that.    But the point is also it is not just the unconstitutional action the President took last November; it is the unfairness of that action. As the chairman pointed out in his opening Statement, is it fair to seniors that non-citizens are going to get Social Security benefits? Is it fair to taxpayers that non-citizens are going to get tax refunds? Is it fair to legal immigrants that non-citizens, illegals, are going to get moved to the front of the line and slow down the legal immigrants from getting the status they deserve? And is it fair that now there is the potential for non-citizens to participate in our elections?    Those are the issues and that is why we are having this hearing, and that is why I want to welcome our panel. I particularly want to welcome Jon Husted, our Secretary of State, who has done an outstanding job in a State that is always the center of the universe every 4 years in Presidential elections, and just done a commendable job in his work running the elections in our State.    Seven Democrats, Mr. Chairman, seven Democrats in the U.S. Senate, if they would just do what they said should be done last November. Last November, when the President did his violation of the rule of law, violation of the Constitution, executive amnesty order, seven Senate Democrats said it was wrong. If they would just vote to allow our bill to come up for debate. They can amend it, they can try to change it; that is how the process works. They won't even let it come up. If seven Democrats would just do what they said last year should be done, we could get this Department of Homeland Security funded and we could stop the unconstitutional action of the President.    And I again want to thank our panel for being here and highlighting one of the real concerns that exist because of what the President did.    With that, I yield back.    Mr. Jordan. I thank the chairman.    Secretary Husted, you had some numbers in your testimony. I want to go through them. The first number is 291, 291 people who were non-citizens who were on the registration rolls in Ohio, is that right?    Mr. Jordan. How did you derive that number?    Mr. Jordan. And a year and a half way to get to that number.    Mr. Jordan. In your professional judgment, is that a low estimate or could the number be significantly higher?    Mr. Jordan. OK. Then another number you had in your testimony was 70 elections. These are the number of elections decided by one vote?    Mr. Jordan. And that was in what timeframe?    Mr. Jordan. In the past 15 months. So that .00002 percent that the gentleman from Massachusetts was talking about, that is a small number, but that small number could have changed 70 elections in Ohio in the last 15 months, is that right?    Mr. Jordan. So you have 291 on the voter registration rolls; that is a low estimate. You had 70 elections in the last 15 months decided by one vote. And now the President just said five million more non-citizens can get access to the very documents that allow people to register to vote. Is that accurate?    Mr. Jordan. So the problem is potentially much bigger, right?    Mr. Jordan. Now, in your testimony you also talked about voter registration drives as maybe the biggest concern that you have as the head election official in your State. Can you walk me through that?    Mr. Jordan. So the point is that compounds everything I just went through, potentially.    Mr. Jordan. Right. So we have 70 elections in Ohio decided by one vote in the last 15 months. Now, think about it. If some of that was done by non-citizens illegally participating in the election process, what does that say to citizens?    What does that say to a senior citizen, when this non-citizen is already getting Social Security benefits? What does that say to a taxpayer when this non-citizen is already getting tax refunds? What does it say to legal immigrants who came here and did it the right way and are citizens, what does it say to them that now the position they took may have been defeated because a non-citizen potentially in 70 different races in the last 15 months decided the outcome of an election? That is what we are concerned about, right?    Mr. Jordan. Exactly. And that is why you are here and that is why you wrote the letter to the President of the United States, right?    Mr. Jordan. Now, in November, when the President decided he was going to go down this path and create this mess we just walked through, did he contact you, John Husted, Secretary of State for the State of Ohio?    Mr. Jordan. Now, think about this. Every political pundit in the world knows Ohio is always a central State in every Presidential election; important State, seventh largest State, a lot of people there. And the President of the United States didn't contact the guy who has been running elections in the State that is always the center of the university in a Presidential race, didn't contact you and ask, hey, is there going to be concerns or problems if we do this?    Mr. Jordan. Now, you are in town, you and Mr. Kobach and Mr. Dunlap are in town with the Secretary of State Association, right? You have a conference and you are listening to speakers and all the things you guys do. Do you know, Mr. Husted, if the President contacted the Secretary of States Association before he issued this order in November of last year?    Mr. Jordan. Mr. Kobach?    Mr. Jordan. Mr. Dunlap?    Mr. Jordan. I didn't ask that. I said did he contact you?    Mr. Jordan. So the head of election officials, the association that represents and conducts elections, the President didn't even talk to you guys when he did this, and now is potentially allowing five million people to get access to the documents so they can register to vote, and he didn't even have the decency to call you guys?    Mr. Jordan. Exactly, which brings me to my last question, Mr. Chairman.    We have Secretary Husted, who is offering a solution. In fact, he wrote the Ohio delegation and he wrote the White House and said, hey, here is all we have. I am not even going to comment. I think what he did is unconstitutional; most law scholars do. Even liberal ones think what he did is unconstitutional.    But you are not even commenting on that, you are just saying we want to fix it so at least our elections can only be decided by people who are actually citizens. You have offered a solution. Have you heard from the White House about your solution, Mr. Husted?    Mr. Jordan. Exactly. Exactly. This is unbelievable. The White House didn't talk to the people who run elections before they did the order, and now we have a secretary of State in one of the most important States in every election, every Presidential election, offers a solution and the White House doesn't even have the decency. They weren't contacted on the front-end, but they should at least have the decency, when they offer a solution to fix the problem the White House created, the decency to talk to them and say, all right, let's work on it.    I yield back.    Mr. Jordan. Mr. Chairman, could I just do one quick question for Mr. Kobach?    Mr. Jordan. I just want to be clear. It was tough for us to hear exactly what you said. So in the 2010 non-Presidential election you had a percentage of Kansas that showed up and voted. Between 2010 and 2014 you implemented a photo ID requirement. And if I heard you, I think you said in 2014 the percent of Kansas who showed up to vote went up, is that accurate?    Mr. Jordan. I yield back, Mr. Chairman.