    Ms. Bonamici. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    What an exciting topic and thank you so much for holding this hearing today so we can learn more about this very exciting research. And I wanted to align myself with the comments of Mr. Tonko and others about the value of taking risks and the value of this sort of persistence and perseverance over the years and sometimes decades.    I want to take just a moment to acknowledge my alma mater, the University of Oregon, for their efforts in this discovery. The university was one of the founding groups of the LIGO scientific collaboration. And I know that the university scientist Dr. Robert Scofield participated in testing the detectors at the site in Livingston, Louisiana, on the day that the gravitational wave was recorded.    And almost simultaneously, the LIGO's partner site in Hanford, Washington, where University of Oregon graduate students were stationed, registered the wave. University of Oregon is responsible in part for the environmental monitoring and really investigating that the wave was in fact a gravitational wave. When anything happens in the Northwest, we think it's an earthquake, right, so they in fact confirmed that this was a gravitational wave.    And I know Professor Frey as well, Raymond Frey, who leads the university's physics department and their team on the LIGO project--that includes five Ph.D. students, a post-doc, and three faculty members. So I'm proud of the University of Oregon. I know that their report really helped the scientists with their confirmation.    One of the problems with being one of the last Members to ask a question is that a lot of the topics have already been touched on. I was actually in an Education hearing with the acting Education Secretary, so I wanted to ask to--if you could follow up a little bit. I know the question was asked about how we could get materials to teachers in classrooms, but I also was wondering if a researcher who's unaffiliated with the LIGO collaboration has access to the data.    Ms. Bonamici. Terrific.    Ms. Bonamici. Terrific. And I really appreciate all the comments that I've heard all of you make about the importance of engaging especially students and the internship opportunities and how do we help students follow their passion? I know Mr. Loudermilk was talking about the App Challenge. My office did that as well. I had Adam Barton from Sunset High School win the App Challenge. He also happens to be a very talented pianist, which is confirming my theory that integrating the arts into STEM results in more creative, innovative people.    Do any of you have any sort of new approaches to bringing, you know, first generation students, for example, and students from underrepresented groups into the STEM fields?    Ms. Bonamici. Excellent----    Ms. Bonamici. That's a great model for collaboration. And I see my time is expired. I yield back. Thank you again, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. Bonamici. It is my alma mater.