    Mr. Meadows. All right. The Subcommittee on Government Operations and the Subcommittee on the Interior will come to order. And without objection, the chair is authorized to declare a recess at any time.    I want to thank you for coming, and I thank my other chairman here and ranking members for their willingness to embark on this topic.    For many individuals and families, the SNAP program is a vital lifeline to ensure that there is food on the table. And I think we can all agree that no one in America should go hungry. While most individuals and retailers in the SNAP program are honest participants, unfortunately, some do indeed take advantage of the system.    We will hear examples today of various ways individuals and retailers commit fraud in trafficking such as swapping SNAP benefits for other cash or illegal drugs. There was a raid in the Florida flea market just last month that was the largest SNAP trafficking bust in the program's history. And so far 22 owners of SNAP retailers at that flea market have been arrested or charged with over $13 million in fraud just for the past year.    We will also hear about the connection between SNAP trafficking and the ongoing opiod epidemic in Maine and across this country. American taxpayers deserve to know that their tax dollars are being spent effectively and wisely, and when someone abuses a system, they defraud the American taxpayers. They hurt individuals and families that are truly in need. Despite improvements in prior years, OMB designated the SNAP program as a high-error program due to the estimated $2.6 billion in improper payments for fiscal year 2015.    So we are here today to examine how the SNAP program can better serve families, more efficiently utilize taxpayer dollars, and prevent fraud and trafficking of SNAP benefits. Innovative efforts to leverage technology and analyze data such as Florida's identity verification process and Maine's effort to analyze out-of-state SNAP usage can provide real helpful insights.    And so I look forward to hearing from our witnesses about how we can improve the SNAP program to better ensure that the right benefits get to the families and individuals that need them most.    Mr. Meadows. I now recognize my good friend, the ranking member of the Subcommittee on Government Operations, Mr. Connolly, for his opening statement.    Mr. Meadows. I thank the gentleman.    The chair now recognizes the chairwoman of the Subcommittee on Interior, Mrs. Lummis, for her opening statement.    Mr. Meadows. I thank the gentlewoman from Wyoming.    The chair recognizes the gentlewoman, Mrs. Lummis, for her opening statement, the ranking member of the Subcommittee on Interior--Lawrence, I am sorry.    Mr. Meadows. My apologies. Twins separated at birth. Mrs. Lawrence, go ahead.    Mr. Meadows. I thank the gentlewoman from Michigan, Mrs. Lawrence, for her opening statement.    Mr. Meadows. Well, we appreciate that.    And I will hold the record open for 5 legislative days for any members who would like to submit a written statement.    I will now recognize our panel of witnesses, and I am pleased to welcome Mr. Kevin Concannon, Under Secretary for Food, Nutrition, and Consumer Services at the U.S. Department of Agriculture, welcome; Ms. Kay Brown, director of Education, Workforce, and Income Security at the U.S. Government Accountability Office. Welcome, Ms. Brown. Ms. Mary Mayhew, commissioner of Maine's Department of Health and Human Services. Thank you, Ms. Mary Mayhew for your traveling and your willingness to be here. Mr. Mike Carroll, the secretary of the Florida Department of Children and Family Services. Thank you, Mr. Carroll, for making the special effort to be here. And Ms. Stacy Dean, vice president for food assistance policy at the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities.    Welcome to you all. And pursuant to committee rules, all witnesses will be sworn in before they testify, so I would ask that you please rise and raise your right hand.    Mr. Meadows. And let the record reflect that all witnesses answered in the affirmative. And in order to allow time for discussion, I would ask that you please limit your oral testimony to 5 minutes. However, your entire written testimony will be made part of the record.    And I would go ahead and now recognize Mr. Concannon for 5 minutes.    Mr. Meadows. Thank you.    Ms. Brown, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Meadows. Thank you, Ms. Brown.    Ms. Mayhew, you are recognized for 5 minutes, but before you start, I wanted to just say it was interesting to hear from your Governor about really leaving the home in an unbelievable age of 11 to go out and--so someone who has experienced poverty firsthand and now has raised to the highest level of the executive government in the State of Maine is a great story about American greatness. So, Ms. Mayhew, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Meadows. Thank you, Ms. Mayhew.    Mr. Carroll, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Meadows. Thank you, Mr. Carroll, for your illuminating testimony.    Ms. Dean, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Meadows. Thank you, Ms. Dean.    The chair recognizes the vice chair of the Subcommittee on Government Operations, the gentleman from Michigan, Mr. Walberg.    Mr. Meadows. Hold on just a second.    Mr. Concannon.--to some of that.    Mr. Meadows. We are going to go to the ranking member real quickly, and he probably will give you a chance to respond. If not, when I get my time, I will, okay?    Mr. Meadows. I thank the gentleman. They have called votes, which is an unfortunate aspect for each one of you. Unfortunately, it looks like we have got three votes. I don't anticipate that we will be back before 3:30, so that will give you--you know, you can go get coffee, do whatever you need to do, but we will stand in recess until 3:30.    Mr. Meadows. The joint committee will reconvene. Thank you all for your patience. We apologize. They were actually swearing in a new Member, so it took a little longer than normal. We are now up to an official 435 and so--the chair recognizes the gentleman from Alabama, Mr. Palmer, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Meadows. I thank the gentleman.    The chair recognizes the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia, Ms. Eleanor Holmes Norton, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Meadows. Will the gentlewoman yield for just a second? I will be glad to work with her on that particular issue.    Mr. Meadows. I thank you.    The chair recognizes the gentleman from Wisconsin, Mr. Grothman, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Meadows. Put your mic on, please.    Mr. Meadows. Well, we will save that for a second round ----    Mr. Meadows. Okay. So the chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Michigan, Mrs. Lawrence, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Meadows. I thank the gentlewoman.    The chair recognizes the gentleman from Ohio, Mr. Jordan, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Meadows. Your mic, please.    Mr. Meadows. Okay.    Mr. Meadows. I thank the gentleman.    The chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania, Mr. Cartwright, for a generous 5 minutes.    Mr. Meadows. I thank the gentleman from Pennsylvania.    The chair recognizes himself for a series of questions.    We talked a lot about fraud rates and what it is and what it is not, and yet I hear a lot of testimony that shows a lot of ambiguity in that area. So, Ms. Brown, let me come to you. Do we really know what the fraud rate is? Do we have good data?    Mr. Meadows. Right, and ----    Mr. Meadows. So to suggest that that 1 percent or 2 percent is accurate would be very difficult with any degree of certainty to ascertain that based on the reporting and the way that we track fraud and abuse at this point ----    Mr. Meadows. Right.    Ms. Brown.--you know, the question--put percentages that we talked about with the 60 percent that's the fault of the States when they're making mistakes and the third--one-third that's the problems with the recipients, some of that can be intentional error that would be fraud, and then in addition to that, once they receive the benefits, if they traffic, that would be fraud.    Mr. Meadows. Right. And so that number and being able to do that--Mr. Concannon, I will come to you. Hold on just a second. You are always ready to jump in. I can see your rebuttal. I tell you, it is--but as we look at that, I will come--because here's my concern. When we talk about fraud--and for me I want make sure that every single person that deserves the benefit and is starving gets the benefit. But the bad actors, I want to make sure they go home and they go home for good.    And so if anything is said here is when we--it is not just about fraud and abuse for an individual. It is taking away finances from those that are deserving. And that can be a bipartisan issue. I mean, if we put forth that any saving from fraud actually went to increase the benefits for some of the others that are receiving it, we would find some real uniform bipartisan support for that. So I guess, Ms. Brown, we need to do a better job, so how can we do that?    And let me come to you, Mr. Carroll, because one of the things that you said really concerned me. We have got a flea market where there was trafficking going on, and there have been no arrests for fraud at that particular point? We have not been able to prove it? Did I hear you correctly?    Mr. Meadows. You need your mic.    Mr. Meadows. And you were doing it from the recipient side, not from the ----    Mr. Meadows.--retailer side, is that correct?    Mr. Carroll.--recipient side where we got information that food stamp cards kept coming back to us in the mail, the EBT cards. We checked up on it. That address didn't exist. We did some further exploration and we found out that that was probably identity theft. We then tracked where that card was used, and it led to the flea market, so we started surveilling that flea market, and at that time in 2011 there were five authorized vendors. It took 2 years, but after 2 years, two of those five authorized vendors were arrested. But within a matter of days, the three vendors that were left absorbed that business because business continued to grow at that flea market.    Now, at that flea market we have 48 authorized vendors with four more pending, and that flea market has done $79 million worth of business. Now, to put that in perspective, they have done more business than the six super box stores that are within a 5-mile radius of them combined. They have done more business in that flea market during that time period than the 16 major supermarkets that are in a 5-mile radius combined. So to say that our fraud rate is 1 percent I think is underestimated.    But here's what concerns me about this, and this is what I think confuses folks because I think your point is well made. I'm not here to demean recipients of public assistance. I strongly support public assistance programs, and we do that in Florida. We have done everything in Florida to make it easier for folks who are eligible to apply. We've gone to an electronic system. Folks don't have to take off from work. They apply online.    Even the automated identification system, it wasn't made to keep people out of the system. It was made to--so that we didn't have to bring people into the office because if we could authorize--if we could authenticate your identification without you coming into the office and taking time out of work, why not do that? That's why we did it.    And so we have done everything we could to make it easier to apply. Since 2008, the number of recipients in Florida has gone from 1.3 million to--we have currently 3.3 million recipients on food stamps in Florida, and our food stamp redemption numbers have gone from 2.8 to 5.6. So to say that our concern around fraud is about some--somehow pointed at trying to demean folks who are on public assistance or to limit access I think is misguided.    I do think the numbers that you talked about are difficult to come by. I think with the automated system in Florida, we do a better job of preventing what I would call recipient fraud in terms of--because what we used to battle years ago was folks coming in and quite frankly not being truthful about their situation. We see less of this.    This is not--in Florida, this is not about the folks who walk through our door and apply for assistance. It is not about how they use their food stamp card. I wish my family ate healthier. I wish I didn't put so many Mountain Dews in the carriage, okay? And I think the more we put together legislation like that, we just go down rabbit holes and we spend administrative cost chasing after things we shouldn't chase after.    But I will tell you there is an element that is organized that is--where their intent is to defraud, and it starts with folks who come into the system and get benefits and they're not who they purport to be. Part of this--the authentication process identified 2,800 people, for instance, last year that applied that were dead, another 2,800 people that applied that were incarcerated. Without doing the things that we did from an electronic standpoint, we would have never been able to prevent that. We can now.    But our big challenge now is with authorized vendors. The number of folks who were authorized--and I understand--I don't--I am not here to impede small business. We want to grow small business, but we have got to make sure that when we are--it's got to be more than taking a snapshot of the front of a store, putting a driver's license together, sending it in, and asking that I be an authorized vendor. And we have to do some work around is that a real legitimate business because some of these businesses that we're authorizing as retailers are not legitimate businesses.    And I do agree with Secretary Concannon that the overwhelming amount of people on food stamps are there rightly so and are using their benefits appropriately, overwhelmingly, but I will tell you that small percentage, when you look at a program like ours that does $5.6 billion worth of business, even a small percentage is in the hundreds of millions of dollars, and it grows a stigma for the rest of the folks who are out there who need these benefits, who need the hand up, and who we're trying to provide these assistance--this assistance for.    Mr. Meadows. And that is precisely why we are having this hearing because it shouldn't be a stigma that everybody is cheating the system. And sometimes that gets a default. That is where we run. I appreciate your heart.    Mr. Concannon, I gave you your rebuttal time. I am way over. You go ahead, and then I am going to recognize the gentlewoman from the Virgin Islands. Go ahead.    Mr. Meadows. Well ----    Mr. Concannon.--you know, individuals. So with that, point one. Point two, we currently have proposed strengthening the requirement especially for these small stores because I fully agree with Mr. Carroll that some stores are in the program that absolutely shouldn't be. That's where we have our problems.    Mr. Meadows. Well, we will get ----    Mr. Meadows. We will get to that.    Mr. Meadows. We will get to that because that is one of the areas that honestly I want to drill down on on exactly what we are doing there. Let me tell you my concern with what just said. You only know what you know, and so fraud is only to the point of where you actually have inspectors going out. I would assume you have a limitation on the number of people who can actually follow that or are you fully staffed--you have got as many people as you ever would want?    Mr. Meadows. Yes or no, as many people as ----    Mr. Meadows. That is not the question. Do you have as many people inspecting as you really need?    Mr. Meadows. All right. Thank you. I thought that would be the answer.    The gentlewoman from the Virgin Islands is recognized.    Mr. Meadows. The chair recognizes the gentlewoman from New Mexico, Ms. Lujan Grisham.    Mr. Meadows. Without objection, so ordered.    Mr. Meadows. The gentlewoman's time is expired, but please answer the question.    Mr. Meadows. All right. So let me follow up on the gentlewoman's--while she is closest to this particular issue and I think that this is really why we have Maine and Florida here today is that we have a Representative from New Mexico that is up close and personal with a particular problem. So, Mr. Concannon, do I have your assurance that you will report back to this committee with a plan of action of how to address her concern within the next 14 days?    Mr. Meadows. Just ----    Mr. Concannon.--do want to be clear. The problem is on the part of the State agency ----    Mr. Meadows. I didn't ask you ----    Mr. Concannon.--not consumers.    Mr. Meadows. Well, so you don't have any involvement whatsoever?    Mr. Meadows. Okay. Well, then ----    Mr. Meadows. Okay.    Mr. Concannon.--of the SNAP program ----    Mr. Meadows. I understand. You made your point.    Mr. Concannon.--in New Mexico.    Mr. Meadows. She has made the point, but what she also said is that you haven't been forthcoming in following up with her, and what I am saying is from the other side of the aisle, that is inexcusable ----    Mr. Meadows.--wouldn't you agree?    Mr. Concannon.--I don't accept that claim.    Mr. Meadows. Okay.    Mr. Meadows. Well, I ----    Mr. Concannon.--forthcoming.    Mr. Meadows. The gentlewoman has yielded back, so let me go ahead and recognize myself for a series of questions because, Mr. Concannon, you come and you are very quick to point at Maine and suggest that what they are doing is not adequate from a standpoint of the way that they are conducting it. And that was really early on. You were very quick to do that. But yet when my good friend and the gentlewoman from New Mexico points out a problem where you have not even respond properly, you are not willing to take and accept responsibility. I think that that is a double standard, wouldn't you?    Mr. Meadows. But there is no investigation ----    Mr. Meadows. By the State ----    Mr. Concannon.--of the State.    Mr. Meadows. By the State. By the OIG of the Federal Government for USAID ----    Mr. Meadows. Would you ----    Mr. Meadows. Would you recommend ----    Mr. Concannon.--but I can't tell you what they are ----    Mr. Meadows. Would you recommend that there would be a Federal investigation?    Mr. Meadows. All right.    Mr. Meadows. All right. So let me go on a little bit further. Ms. Mayhew, one of the things that I was perplexed by is a started looking at statistics of SNAP use by Maine recipients in other States other than Maine. And by the list that I got, it looks like they are using all over the country, indeed all over the world, and yet it comes from your State. Would you say your State is atypical? Is it unique that you have a lot of SNAP travelers?    Mr. Meadows. Okay. So if it is not unique, I guess one of the questions I have is in just looking at one of the numbers that popped out happened to be in Mr. Carroll's State. And so I have got Maine recipients who are getting SNAP benefits that traveled apparently to Florida, and over the last 5 years, there has been over $3,700,000 and change benefits from Maine that get used in Florida. Is that correct, Ms. Mayhew?    Mr. Meadows. So how do you stop that? I mean, are they just traveling? So is this somebody that just happens to travel with SNAP benefits and go down there or are they going to the flea market where Mr. Carroll is doing--and cashing it in? I guess I am very concerned in that he is doing a great job and even I guess, Mr. Concannon, you would recommend that Florida is doing a job? In fact, there is a bonus--didn't you all get a bonus for good--have you all paid that bonus?    Mr. Meadows. And why not?    Mr. Concannon.--since 2015. No.    Mr. Meadows. Why have you not paid the bonus?    Mr. Meadows. Well, you just said he did a good job.    Mr. Meadows. You can't have it both ways.    Mr. Concannon.--Florida is doing a good job, but I'm not ----    Mr. Meadows. Well, that's Florida.    Mr. Meadows. I am talking about the $7 million ----    Mr. Concannon.--to whether we should pay the bonuses.    Mr. Meadows. So why are you holding up the $7 million payment on someone who is recognized as doing a great job? Why would you be holding that up?    Mr. Meadows. So you are holding up his to make sure that you get valid reports from everybody else?    Mr. Meadows. Okay. When can we expect a response on his bonus money? And he didn't ask me to ask this, by the way. So when can we expect you to get it resolved?    Mr. Meadows. How many days?    Mr. Concannon.--are satisfied--no, it's not a matter of days because ----    Mr. Meadows. Well, you are going to give me ----    Mr. Meadows. So you are saying you don't owe it to Florida? Is that what you are saying?    Mr. Meadows. All right. You have 30 days to address that issue and make a compelling case on why you're not paying it to them to this committee. Are you willing to accept that, to make a compelling case?    Mr. Meadows. Mr. Concannon, let me just tell you what concerns me is that you supposedly have the answers for all food stamp ailments, and yet what I am seeing are experts here that are on the ground that in my opinion know a lot more about what is going on in their States than you do, and now you are going to hold it up because Mr. Carroll has supposedly done a great job. You just admitted it under sworn testimony, and yet you are saying you are not going to give him a bonus for good performance?    Mr. Meadows. Well, let me just tell you ----    Mr. Concannon.--so ----    Mr. Meadows.--this will not be the last hearing then, and we will have you back. If you are going to report back in 30 days, I would appreciate that.    Mr. Meadows. Ms. Mayhew, let me come to you. Why do you think there is so much use of Maine's SNAP benefits across the country?    Mr. Meadows. So I show that there has been $64 million worth of Maine benefits used in other States. Is that correct?    Mr. Meadows. All right. So as we look at that, Ms. Brown, from a GAO perspective, that type of tool that allows us to track those benefits and where they are being used and perhaps allow for better fraud prevention, is that a tool that you have or is that a tool that we could use, as Maine has used it, to give us a better picture of potential--and I say potential--fraud?    Mr. Meadows. So could we get a report like this for every single State where we see the benefits that are being used in other States? Is that something that is easy for you to do, GAO to do?    Mr. Meadows. How about you at USDA, Mr. Concannon? Can you get us that?    Mr. Meadows. What do you mean ----    Mr. Concannon.--of out-of-state benefits for Maine are actually ----    Mr. Meadows. You can't get the information?    Mr. Meadows. For TANF?    Mr. Concannon.--the TANF or for child support, as the case in many States, too.    Mr. Meadows. All right. Mr. Carroll is wanting to weigh in. I saw the pencil go up.    Mr. Meadows. Yes, I have been there. I can assure you, you have got to be going there to get there so ----    Mr. Meadows. You butchered that ----    Mr. Meadows. Okay.    Mr. Meadows. Okay. Mr. Concannon ----    Mr. Concannon.--so there's not much ----    Mr. Meadows.--let me ----    Mr. Concannon.--going on in this department.    Mr. Meadows. Let me tell you, it is harder to go after the recipient and it is very easy for you to make statements about recipients when that is not under that purview when actually the retailers are under your purview right now. And here is what I am saying--and I will come to you, Mr. Carroll, because I think you wanted to--what I am saying is maybe let's look at a pilot and give all authority for policing the retailer to the States and maybe let's do it in two or three States.    You know, part of the farm bill actually asked for you to come up with some pilots on fraud, and have you done any of those pilots?    Mr. Meadows. Your mic, please. Your mic, your mic.    Mr. Meadows. No, no, no, no, no.    Mr. Meadows. So in what form did you do a pilot because I haven't seen any results or even start of a pilot ----    Mr. Meadows. That is not what I asked. The farm bill ----    Mr. Meadows. In what States?    Mr. Meadows. Mr. Carroll ----    Mr. Concannon.--on that line.    Mr. Meadows. Mr. Carroll, you--let me ----    Mr. Meadows. What is that?    Mr. Concannon.--so yes. We'll give you the list of States and what they're doing.    Mr. Meadows. Mr. Carroll, is what we are talking about, does that go far enough to solve your flea market problem?    Mr. Meadows. All right. So your--hold on. Your sworn testimony here today is that based on the potential for fraud in Florida of 2,300 retailers with the way that we are going after those, it would take 23 years ----    Mr. Meadows. That is unacceptable. I am just telling you that is unacceptable. And so I am going to go ahead and come to the gentleman from Wisconsin, Mr. Grothman, for his second round, and we'll close up.    Mr. Meadows. Last question and then you are out of time.    Mr. Meadows. Yes ----    Mr. Meadows. I thank the gentleman. I thank each of you for your testimony. Let me clear up two or three little leftover items.    So, Mr. Carroll, is it my understanding that you believe that you need more authority as it relates to retailers to be able to go after those bad actors in terms of retailers and transfer some of that authority from USDA to the State to allow you to prosecute the fraud and abuse? Is that correct?    Mr. Meadows. All right. And so if we gave you that, you believe that we would be able to not only make a more focused approach on those that are fraudulently trying to game the system without affecting those that Ms. Dean so eloquently put, the real people who need the benefits, that you can go after those bad guys if you had that authority, is that correct?    Mr. Meadows. All right. Mr. Concannon, let me come back to you. I mentioned pilots and I mentioned the 2014 farm bill. The kind of pilot that I want to see is to give the kind of authority that we just talked about with Mr. Carroll. It would be great if we took Ms. Mayhew, Mr. Carroll, and maybe somebody out West, you get North, South, and you get the West where you have three States that you give that authority, essentially give all of that authority to those States to be able to do that so that we can monitor, to have Ms. Brown, to have USDA monitor that to see if it is making a big difference. It may not.    But here is what I am saying. As someone who will advocate on behalf of a new farm bill that is, as you know, already in the works, that the Ag Committee and that committee is doing a yeoman's job to do a great job to make sure that we have a good farm bill going forward.    I want to give them the tools coming out of Oversight and from GAO and the others to say here is how we define the argument, because if not, the argument is always going to be is that there is somebody gaming the system. And what I want to do is narrow that to the ones who are gaming it and let's get them, and the ones who really need the help, that we actually look at increasing the ability to help those that are truly starving in our communities. Does that make sense to you?    Mr. Meadows. So are you willing to get back to this committee and maybe look at amore defined pilot program? And obviously, we would not be the only committee, but from an oversight standpoint, it would be ours. But the other is obviously work with the chairman of the Ag Committee to look at three pilots. I would suggest two that are here today and another one out West. I can tell that you are not buying into that, but as long as we get three States, as long as we get three States to give them that authority where we allow Ms. Brown to look at those numbers, are you willing to commit to do that today?    Mr. Meadows. Well, going after fraud is legal.    Mr. Meadows. Okay. If it needs a ----    Mr. Meadows. So if it needs a legislative fix, I think you have that in the 2014 farm bill the way that it was worded, maybe not, but if you need a legislative fix, if you will get your folks to get with us, we will work in a bipartisan way to step up that kind of thing so that Mr. Carroll doesn't have to try to track down 42,000 people individually and come up with probable cause later. Does that make sense?    Mr. Meadows. But that is a different thing.    Mr. Meadows. If you give him the ability to go after retailers, some of the evidence standards are not as problematic because the timing of that and the ability to tie the two together where it is not you coming in on one--it allows him to do that. The time gap is certainly very different. Does that make sense?    Mr. Meadows. Okay. All right. So can you in the next 120 days get me an updated report on the trafficking because it is 3 years old, the 2015 report. Can you ----    Mr. Meadows. You said you were working on it already.    Mr. Meadows. So what is a reasonable ----    Mr. Meadows. It is so complicated to figure out trafficking that it is going to take 6 months?    Mr. Meadows. So we will have the 2015 report in 2017?    Mr. Meadows. All right. But can you include 2015 in that?    Mr. Meadows. So you can't include that? She is shaking her head no, you are saying yes.    Mr. Meadows. So we will have--let me make sure I understand. We are going to have 2012 through 2014 but no information on 2015 trafficking by the end of the year, is that correct?    Mr. Meadows. Okay. We will follow up with you on that.    And my final issue is more of a comment, and it gets to something that you talked about earlier. You talked about a rule about addressing the retailers. There is a very big difference between going after fraud with retailers than telling them what they have to stock on a shelf. And you conflate the two, and I am here to tell you that I am going to be looking at that very closely. I want your first priority to be fraud. That is what the farm bill talked about. And what you are suggesting in your rules is something that perhaps is other than that, and I want to make sure that we are clear that I want you to focus and have your priority on fraud versus on what goes on a shelf.    Mr. Meadows. It did ----    Mr. Meadows. But I think ----    Mr. Concannon.--on fraud. It's to improve ----    Mr. Meadows. But I am telling you that ----