    Mr. Gartenstein-Ross. Chairman Poe, Ranking Member Keating, and distinguished members, it is an honor to be here to testify before you at this grave time. Apologies in advance for the fact that I am somewhat losing my voice. An infant plague has been running around my house, as many of you are familiar with.    On the specific question that the hearing asks, whether we are seeing a strategic shift on ISIS' part, my answer is no. I don't think this is the key question in the hearing. But I would submit that, in general, when the argument has been that a strategic shift is taking place, the presumption is that previously ISIS was much more focused in their own box. They were much more focus on building the caliphate and less so on carrying out attacks externally.    I would argue that they have been interested from the outset in carrying out external attacks. The best comprehensive treatment of this is written by two of my colleagues, Nathaniel Barr and Bridget Moreng, in Foreign Affairs recently. I have cited it in my testimony and actually adapted part of my testimony from their piece.    To quickly go over it, I think the rhetoric of ISIS has always suggested they were interested in carrying out attacks abroad.    Secondly, I think lone wolf attacks are very much misunderstood. Some of the lone wolf attacks they have engendered have indeed just been inspired by ISIS and had no connect to the organization. But others have been lone wolf attacks of individuals in Western societies who are actually taking orders from ISIS centrally. This was the case for several attackers in the United States who were inspired and directed by Junaid Hussein. This was also the case for a cell in Australia.    Finally, they previously attempted to carry out similar urban warfare-style attacks in the West. There is the plot that was broken up in Belgium back in January of this year, just about a week after the Charlie Hebdo massacre, in which the would-be attackers had grenades, small arms, and the kinds of things that were used in the Paris attack. Indeed, Abaaoud, one of the people who prepared the Paris attack, the ringleader of the Paris attack, had been in Belgium. So I think that previously they were trying to do this.    I do think that there are a couple of shifts we are likely to see on ISIS' part. One is, as they lose territory in Iraq and Syria, they are likely to devote more resources to carrying out terrorist attacks abroad. They have a narrative of strength. It is very important to them to demonstrate to their constituency that they are strong, that they are winning. That is one reason why their propaganda has always been so brutal. And I think that to show that they are strong, they will devote more resources to carrying out terrorist attacks abroad.    Secondly, I think that ISIS will show more of a focus on its near abroad, not just Iraq and Syria, but if you look at places like Libya in particular that they have expanded into, they clearly--and it was reported recently in a major publication--that ISIS is looking to make sure that they have continuity, that if they lose enough ground in Iraq and Syria that the caliphate is no longer viable there that they may shift the locus of their caliphate over to Sirte, a city in Libya that they currently control.    This is a very thorny problem set. Let's make no mistake about that. This is difficult because of all the many players that you have on the ground.    So a few things to consider. The first is that I do think that defeating ISIS on the battlefield is key. They made a very bold move when they declared a caliphate, and in declaring a caliphate, they staked their legitimacy upon maintaining territory. Territoriality is very important to them. And if they no longer have a viable caliphate, that threatens upending their legitimacy in a way that other jihadist groups are not vulnerable to.    Secondly, I agree with the note about social media and its importance to ISIS. Their narrative of strength is key. I testified before the Senate on this issue earlier this year. I cite to my Senate testimony in the written testimony you have received. But I think that we have not done a good job of puncturing this narrative of strength.    A lot of their so-called gains have often been very exaggerated, and in fact they have experienced a number of major losses, especially in Africa, over the course of this year that are virtually unknown. There is a lot of opportunity to puncture this narrative of invulnerability that they have set up for themselves.    Another thing I would like to point to is Sirte. I mentioned that, but right now we know that the Islamic State is very strong there. We aren't taking any sort of action to counter this other base that they have outside of Iraq and Syria. I think that we should heavily consider what we should do to counter their strength outside of their immediate theater and in their near abroad.    As I said, this is a very thorny problem set. ISIS does have vulnerabilities, and significant vulnerabilities, and I think part of solving this problem set is not just looking at their strengths, but also seeing how we can make their own vulnerabilities work against them.    Mr. Gartenstein-Ross. Congresswoman, thanks for the question. I think it is excellent.    I think that Turkey has taken a very dark turn. In addition to what Mr. Sanderson has said, I would point to two factors that are worth looking into. One is Turkish charities that have been supporting extremist factions throughout the world. There is a lot of information on that. And the second thing is I would look into recent U.N. delisting of extremists who were hosted in Turkey, including Mohammed Islambouli, who, according to open source reporting, is a high-level figure in the Khorasan Group, which is associated with al-Qaeda.    I think that Turkey is not supporting ISIS. I think they are supporting al-Qaeda factions. And that points to one other thing that I think is worth raising. Mr. Sanderson referred earlier, in the Q&A, to the 16-year-old he spoke to who left ISIS because ISIS conscripted him to fight against Nusra. The Nusra Front is the al-Qaeda affiliate. As Mr. Sanderson said, the Nusra Front is very popular in Syria.    So while we wouldn't like it to be this way, dealing with the problem set of al-Qaeda I think is actually even more complex than dealing with the problem set of ISIS. And our moderate rebels have been helping al-Qaeda to take ground. I mean, this is something that I wish were not the case. But since the Russian bombing started, U.S. officials have been very open about that in the media. They have named areas where moderate rebels were bombed, such as Idlib and Hama, and those correlate with areas where Nusra has control, and Jaish al-Fatah, which is the coalition it is a part of, but where it is the major faction.    Now, I agree with what Mr. Weiss said, which is that if you look at it from the rebel perspective, I don't think this makes them terrible people. I mean, when you are faced with enemies on all sides, you are going to find temporary marriages of convenience.    The real question I have is, are we going to be able to clean this up in some way? Or are we helping al-Qaeda to take ground only to create another mess? I think it is something that really deserves a hearing both with advocates, such as Mr. Weiss, of arming the rebel factions and also those who are opposed to it. Because what I see deeply disturbs me, and I also think it is actually a violation of U.S. law.    Mr. Gartenstein-Ross. Yes. So their key vulnerability, the one that actually holds the potential to completely reverse the ISIS' brand, is the territoriality aspect of their mission. When they declared the caliphate, one of the things that they had to do was maintain a legitimate caliphate. If their caliphate reaches the point where it is nonviable, then they have a lot of explaining to do to their constituents.    A second thing is they have a narrative that has rested so much on strength. That is why they don't have a problem burning men alive, drowning them in swimming pools, and putting it on a video, beheading people on video, talking selfies with severed heads. It is a narrative of strength. It works while they are winning.    We saw a complete brand reversible previously with al-Qaeda in Iraq, which was very similar--which ISIS was born out of--very similar to ISIS. Back in the 2005 to 2007 period, they were one of the strongest players. They were the dominant force in Anbar province. They committed massive atrocities. And then when they started to lose, suddenly the narrative shifted from one of strength to one of them having overplayed their hands. Al-Qaeda, in fact, views AQI's loss as devastating to their organization. They have been trying to rebrand themselves ever since.    In terms of their narrative of strength, they have at times exaggerated their victories in ways that they have gotten our media to echo. They claimed falsely that they controlled the city of Derna in Libya, something we now know definitively was not true, but CNN, BBC, and other major outlets reported that they controlled Derna when they actually didn't. They have experienced four major reversals in Africa, the most important of which is the Algerians basically wiping out the entirety of the ISIS branch in their country. They also got kicked out of Derna by the Derna Mujahideen Shura Council. They also had their defector organization from a militant organization called Al-Mourabitoun experience significant losses at the hands of the al-Qaeda leader Mokhtar Belmokhtar, who went after them ruthlessly. And they have experienced significant losses at the hands of Shabaab's internal security apparatus as they have tried to establish a presence there.    The point being, they have a lot of losses that people just aren't aware of. And I think that one of the key things our own information operation should do is focus on this narrative of strength.    Now, right now doing so will not be particularly helpful, right? They just executed the Paris attacks, the Sinai attack. They are in a position of strength right now, regardless of their loss of Sinjar and other territorial losses. But there have been ebbs and flows for ISIS. And right now they are at a period that is quite good for them. It is not necessarily going to last, and we need to focus on shattering their narrative of strength.