    Mr. Yarmuth. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I thank the witnesses for their testimony.    Anybody who has been in this job for any period of time understands the extent to which mental illness impacts our various communities and the country as a whole. Tens of millions of people affected. And clearly, we have made progress. I was proud to have supported the Mental Health Parity Act that has made an enormous impact, and obviously embodying that in the Affordable Care Act with the expansion of Medicaid, in my state has made a remarkable difference. And, you know, I don't think any of us would disagree with the notion that coordination is important, and evaluation of programs is important. We also can't lose sight of the amount of resources that are committed to these kinds of activities. And I am a member of the Budget Committee and I have seen how budget cuts have affected many areas of our social safety net and our human services initiatives. Now we are down the return of sequestration in October of this year, and we had an experiment with it a couple of years ago.    Dr. Frank and Administrator Hyde, would you talk to us about the impact of sequestration potentially on the treatment of mental illness throughout the country, and what happened a couple of years ago, what impact, if any, there was and what the new potential cuts are and how they could impact the same kind of care?    Mr. Yarmuth. Dr. Frank, you want to comment?    Mr. Yarmuth. All right, thank you for that. Going back to the question of evaluation for a minute, Dr. Kohn, I haven't read the GAO report but it seems to me that it might be very difficult to accurately assess some of the efficacy of these programs because, say you are dealing with a homeless vet with PTSD, the program may be able to prevent that vet from committing suicide, but certainly hasn't cured his mental illness. Do you have a model for evaluation of an efficacy of serious mental health programs in the GAO report, and I guess I would ask if you do, then I would have Dr. Frank and Ms. Hyde comment on whether this is a problematic thing.    Mr. Yarmuth. My time is up, Mr. Chairman. I yield back. Thank you.