    Mr. Chabot. I have no idea.    Mr. Chabot. Thank you. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, for holding this important hearing.    Many consider the U.S.-India relationship an indispensable one, and I tend to believe that myself. India is already a regional economic powerhouse and could potentially become one of the most important powers in the world. I think the U.S. has, for the most part, succeeded in fostering this relationship over the years.    For more than a decade, the U.S. has committed to working with India to ensure a lasting strategic relationship. Both countries identify our bilateral trade ties as an integral component to our relationship moving forward.    I would stress, as I have in past hearings on this topic--I chaired this committee in the previous Session of Congress, not Session of Congress, but previous Congress--that it is essential for the administration to continue proactive engagement with India. Many of us in Congress and in the administration welcomed Prime Minister Modi's ascension to power with pretty significant enthusiasm.    Now, however, I am beginning to hear skepticism about the Modi government's follow-through in some areas; for example, its commitment to promoting stronger economic relations. I am particularly concerned with India's commitment to respect intellectual property rights, and the administration should take the necessary steps to ensure that American innovations are afforded the safeguards that they deserve, and that our American businesses, particularly our small businesses--I happen to the chairman of the House Small Business Committee now--that our small businesses can rely upon this administration and the Federal Government to do everything it can to protect their interests. After all, if we want to continue to be the world leader in international trade, we must continue to prioritize these kinds of issues.    Now for a couple of questions. Last fall the International Trade Commission found that the Modi government had made no changes to its laws to address longstanding intellectual-property-related trade barriers. Moreover, India's long-awaited IPR policy is rumored to be far less of an improvement than hoped. Is India backsliding on these issues? What can we do to get India to create a level playing field for our exporters and our investors? I would be happy to hear from any of the panel members on this. Dr. Ayres?    Mr. Chabot. Okay. Thank you.    Mr. Dhume?    Mr. Chabot. Thank you.    Mr. Chairman, my time has expired. Do we have time to hear from Mr. Rossow?    Mr. Chabot. Thank you.    Yes, sir?    Mr. Chabot. Thank you.    I yield back.