    Mr. Rodriguez. Good afternoon, chairman--chairmen, ranking members, and members of the committee. Thank you very much for inviting me to be here today.    I have talked about my own personal story before. I am the son of Cuban refugees from south Florida. I have talked often about the sufferings that led them and my grandparents to make the choices to come here to the United States and the hopes and dreams that they brought with them when they came here. This has taught me as Director of USCIS that every file we see, whether it is a DACA request, naturalization request, a refugee filing, a worker visa filing, that all of these cases represent one family's hopes and dreams and, in many cases, that family's sufferings. I believe deeply in the work that we do as USCIS. And I believe in it because it requires us both from a perspective of immigration policy and operating the immigration system to answer fundamental questions about our country.    Will we be a prosperous country, or will we not? Will we keep families together, or will we allow them to be fragmented and destroyed? Will we be guided by the rule of law, or will we not? Will we protect the National security, or will we not? Will we lead when there are issues, or will we just watch as those issues deepen, become worse, become problems and even crises?    Unfortunately, for too long, our political system failed to answer these questions with respect to a number of aspects of our immigration system. Not simply the situation of those who are here in undocumented status, and the many members of their families who are here legally but also those aspects of our immigration system that bear critically on our economic prosperity and our civic stability. It is for this reason that the President issued his executive actions back in November of 2014, focusing on promoting integration of immigrants, promoting actual accountability of those who are here in an undocumented status, a condition that did not exist before the President took that step, and promoting within the confines of what the law allows him, an immigration system that fully promotes our economic success as a country.    The President was building on the success of the 2012 DACA program, and there are many success stories. Young people who have become teachers, nurses, doctors--in one case now, even a lawyer--and who really demonstrate the potential that they have to contribute to the United States. Our work was enjoined by the court in Texas. The one thing I'd like to underscore about that is that it's not over until it's over. We believe in the legality of our policies, and we believe that in the end we will be vindicated by the legal process.    Nonetheless, when the court issues an injunction, I as the Director of USCIS, as an attorney, and as a former prosecutor, ordered the immediate cessation of all activities to implement the deferred action policies under the President's executive actions. One of those actions was to stop the issuance of 3-year work authorizations that had actually been granted the week before the injunction was issued. Unfortunately, through a miscommunication, those work authorizations were issued anyway. I have taken full responsibility, both in this forum and before the court, and to say that I took it before the court is to say something significant. I am an attorney. I am a former prosecutor. And I have said very clearly to Judge Hanen: I am responsible. I am accountable for what my agency did.    The question, now, though is as I take accountability, will we as a political system take full accountability for the challenges that we have in our immigration system. The President made it very clear at the time that he issued the executive orders, that they could be stopped immediately if instead we found a legislative solution to the ongoing now decades-long challenges presented by the undocumented, presented by the insufficiency of our immigration system to meet our economic needs. I stand here today ready to work with all of you to work toward those improvements.    Thank you, and I look forward to your questions.    Mr. Rodriguez. No. And I'm not sure I would characterize it that way, Congressman. The fact was that beginning on November 24, for individuals who were applying for either----    Mr. Rodriguez. 100,000 individuals under the original 2012 DACA program who were being granted 3-year work authorizations rather than two.    Mr. Rodriguez. I won't characterize my counsel's comments.    Mr. Rodriguez. I was not aware of the statement made by my counsel at that time.    Mr. Rodriguez. I learned that the court believed that there had been a misrepresentation in March when we first informed the court in an attempt to be 100 percent clear with the court that we had in fact granted roughly 108,000 3-year work authorizations beginning on November 24, long before the lawsuit was even filed.    And, by the way, Congressman, openly.    Mr. Rodriguez. We advised the court, I believe, at the beginning of March. It would have been something like March 3 or March 4, when of our own initiative in order to be 100 percent frank and clear with the court our counsel took the initiative to advise the court that we had----    Mr. Rodriguez. We in--immediately after the injunction, we discussed the existence of these 108,000 3-year authorizations, again, individuals under the original 2012 program. This would have been sometime in the few days after the injunction was issued----    Mr. Rodriguez. We told the court within a couple of weeks of the injunction in an effort to be candid with the tribunal, which our counsel felt that it was their obligation, and which certainly had I been counsel, I would have had the same attitude as well. We wanted to make sure that the court understood that.    Mr. Rodriguez. Congressman, I'm not sure I agree with the characterization. The fact is we told--once we understood that this was an issue that the court may not have understood, we made the decision to let the court know. It was our intention at all times to be candid with the court, and what I underscore is that we were--we had this up on our Web site. This was included in our filings with the court that the directive was to issue 3-year work authorizations immediately. That was part of our initial----    Mr. Rodriguez. That is correct, Congressman. Immediately, literally, this--the court's injunction became known to us around 11:30 p.m. On Presidents' Day. By 1 o'clock in the morning we had issued a directive to cease all implementation of either the expanded DACA policy or the DAPA policy, including to halt any issuance of 3-year work authorizations.    Mr. Rodriguez. That is correct, Congressman, including rolling back materials on our Web site, forms, instructions, in order to absolutely comply in every respect with the court's injunction.    Mr. Rodriguez. The concrete immediate step that was taken was that all of those work authorizations that we're talking about were in a--what is essentially a giant print queue. What was supposed to--and so we halted them, and what was supposed to have occurred is that they should have been essentially reversed and sent back to the immigration services officers who were reviewing the case. Instead, there was a miscommunication which led those print orders to go to the contractor that actually prints the 3-year work--3- or 2-year work authorizations, as the case might have been, and they were printed.    We discovered this in the process correcting other errors that we had made and immediately notified on our own initiative both the States and the court. We have advised all of the affected requesters of the fact that they are getting 2- rather than 3-year work authorizations. We have required them to return their 3-year work authorizations. In fact, close to half of them already have, and are----    Mr. Rodriguez. Well, let me characterize it. We caught ourselves.    Mr. Rodriguez. That is correct, Congressman.    Mr. Rodriguez. Yes.    Mr. Rodriguez. That is correct, and also, frankly, to be fair with our customers and let them know exactly where they stood with respect to their cases.    Mr. Rodriguez. Each and every one of them, Congressman, was sent a letter advising them of the error, directing them to return their 3-year authorization and advising them that they would be given a 2-year authorization.    As I indicated, we have already recaptured a number of those 3-year work authorizations and are issuing 2-year authorizations.    Mr. Rodriguez. Oh, no, sir. Never. Never.    Mr. Rodriguez. Congressman, I'm a public servant. I am an officer of the court as an attorney. I think you have already observed, we actually owned up to the error that we had made. That makes it fairly clear that the intent all along had been to comply with the court's order.    Mr. Rodriguez. In absolutely no respect, Congressman. As I said, we immediately, literally within minutes, halted all activities that amounted to the implementation of either the expanded DACA or the DAPA program immediately upon the court's injunction. No policies have been developed. No people have been hired. Nothing has been done to implement those programs.    Mr. Rodriguez. Thank you, Congressman.