    Mr. Chaffetz. I thank the Chairman.    And I thank you for being here.    The Inspector General Act, which is currently on the books, says that inspectors general, in carrying out their provisions under the act, are authorized ``to have access to all records, reports, audits, reviews, documents, papers, recommendations, and other material available to the applicable establishment which relate to programs and operations with respect to which the inspector general has responsibilities under the Act.''    Somehow, the Office of Legal Counsel indicated on July 20 that, despite longstanding tradition within the FBI, specifically, the Department of Justice Inspector General is no longer allowed access to grand jury testimony, wiretap information, credit information.    We disagree with that conclusion, but, at this point, we have worked with the inspector general, worked with this Committee, and we're still waiting for full input from the Department of Justice to try to rectify this.    I was hoping that I'd get some commitment from you to work with us and spend time with us on the proposed piece of legislation. I think the current law is sufficient, but you don't, and we're trying to come up with something that would rectify this.    Would you be willing, as somebody from the Department of Justice, to give us guidance and input on this?    Attorney General Lynch. Thank you, Congressman.    I think that you certainly raise the important issue of the important work of all agencies' inspectors general, in particular the Department of Justice----    Mr. Chaffetz. I just want to get a commitment that you'll work with us on this proposed piece.    Attorney General Lynch. We have sent legislation up, we feel, that would clarify it and, in fact, ensure that the inspector general would receive all the information he needed and we'd be happy to meet with you.    Mr. Chaffetz. Would you meet with us, not you specifically, somebody within the Department of Justice, to give input on the piece of legislation that I'm drafting in a bipartisan way with Mr. Cummings to try to resolve this?    Attorney General Lynch. We're happy to meet with you.    Mr. Chaffetz. Okay. And hopefully soon? Soon, I hope?    Attorney General Lynch. I will have my staff reach out to yours. We're happy to meet with you and work with you on that issue.    Mr. Chaffetz. Thank you.    I've also had great concern on geolocation. In July, the Oversight Committee, we sent a letter seeking the so-called Jones memos. This relates to a Supreme Court case from a number of years ago.    On October 26, I did a bipartisan, bicameral letter, six Representatives, five Senators, including the Ranking Member from both Judiciary Committees in the House and the Senate, calling on the Department of Justice to share with the Congress these letters. I still don't understand why you won't share this information with us.    Attorney General Lynch. Well, certainly, with respect to the requests that you refer to, to the extent that it refers to the internal deliberative process of the Department, we typically do not provide those specific memos.    However, we certainly do look forward to working with you to share the information.    Mr. Chaffetz. You don't think that the House Judiciary Committee and the Senate Judiciary Committee should understand your approach in tracking people through geolocation?    Attorney General Lynch. We certainly are willing to sit and work with you to convey what we can and as much as we can about why we----    Mr. Chaffetz. That's a huge step forward, because thus far the Department of Justice has not been willing to share with us any information or have such a meeting. So I look forward to that meeting.    I need to ask one more topic. I'm trying to go quick just because of the time.    Share with me your thoughts and perspective on subpoenas. You know, subpoenas are often issued from a variety of different places, but Congress also issues subpoenas. Do you feel a duty and obligation to help enforce those subpoenas, as well?    Attorney General Lynch. Certainly, that's part of the obligation of the Department of Justice in terms of its general law enforcement obligations.    Mr. Chaffetz. When would you not enforce a subpoena?    Attorney General Lynch. You know, I would have to know more specific facts and context to provide an answer as to whether or not we would not be able to for some reason or whether there would be a reason not to. I would have to have more information.    Mr. Chaffetz. Do you feel a duty and an obligation to enforce, then, a congressionally issued subpoena?    Attorney General Lynch. Certainly, with respect to a subpoena issued by any body, be it Congress or be it a court, the decision as to whether to enforce it or not would be one that we would review and determine the best course of action to take. But I would certainly like to have more facts about the specific issue, if I could.