    Mr. Harper. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And thanks to both of you for being here.    And, Governor, thank you for your insight, and we certainly--it is not the first story we have heard about difficulties. And it almost appears that the delays are built in to keep others from trying to even go through the process, to make it so time-sensitive and so expensive that people just decide it is not worth the effort. Do you believe that?    Governor LePage. That is exactly what I am talking about. For these smaller, little projects, it is all about you delay them until they get discouraged and they have spent enough money.    Mr. Harper. Thank you very much.    If I may ask you this, Ms. Miles. I am aware of four pending hydropower projects at my State of Mississippi. These proposed projects are below dams that already exist, there would be no new dam or impoundment, and the projects propose to make beneficial use of the water resources to generate clean electricity. Generally, how long does it take for that process? In general terms, how long should it take?    Ms. Miles. The timeline for hydropower projects varies dramatically. For small projects like what the Governor may be talking about, where there aren't any environmental resources that there is much concern about, we have issued licenses in as short as 6 months from the time we have a complete application. For a complicated project----    Mr. Harper. Define complicated.    Ms. Miles. Well, where there are many issues. There may be endangered species, it could be any number of aspects of the environment----    Mr. Harper. OK.    Ms. Miles . And it would be a larger project with more construction.    Mr. Harper. The examples I am using in Mississippi, for instance, that there is no new dam or impoundment, you would consider that a less complicated situation, I am assuming?    Ms. Miles. Yes, I would. And I don't know the situation with your individual projects, but one of the things that is going on is there is a DOE report that talks about a large amount of hydropower potential in the U.S., that there are 80,000 dams, and there is only a very small percentage of them that have hydropower on them. And it also lists the top projects where you are going to get your best bang for your buck, where they have the potential to have maybe a 30 or 40 megawatts of power added. Many of those are Corps of Engineers or Bureau of Reclamation Dams, and one thing that is in my testimony is perhaps a suggestion for trying not to have duplicative federal agencies, is that those agencies whose dams those are take on the responsibility for siting the nonfederal projects at their dams and remove FERC's----    Mr. Harper. OK. Well, you raised----    Ms. Miles . Jurisdiction.    Mr. Harper. You raised an interesting point there. I know that certainly FERC employs a large number of fish biologists and other scientists. Would it not be possible for FERC to just adopt other agencies' environmental analysis into the appropriate documents?    Ms. Miles. With the hydropower projects, we are the lead agency, so those other agencies would cooperate with us or adopt our analysis.    Mr. Harper. Certainly, but other cases, you would defer to others, I would assume.    Ms. Miles. We could.    Mr. Harper. OK. The Natural Gas Act grants FERC authority to set deadlines for the various permits required to construct the natural gas pipeline. When is a final decision on a federal authorization due after the commission issues its final environmental document?    Ms. Miles. Currently it is 90 days.    Mr. Harper. OK. How did FERC arrive at a 90-day deadline?    Ms. Miles. Gosh, was that in the statute? I can't remember.    Mr. Harper. If you know.    Ms. Miles. I don't know for certain. I----    Mr. Harper. Well, we would assume if you don't know, probably no one----    Ms. Miles. Well, others will know.    Mr. Harper. OK.    Ms. Miles. I believe it was in--I don't know if it was in the statute or it was established through our regulations.    Mr. Harper. That is fine. Have there been specific instances that you are aware of where other agencies were aware of the deadline set by FERC and simply failed to comply?    Ms. Miles. There are times I am sure where they have not.    Mr. Harper. Do you know how long that some agencies have failed to meet deadlines set by FERC?    Ms. Miles. I do not.    Mr. Harper. Could you obtain that information to us if----    Ms. Miles. I am not----    Mr. Harper . It is available?    Ms. Miles. I am not certain. I will look into it.    Mr. Harper. OK, thank you very much. And my time has expired. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.