    Ms. Riley. Good morning, Chairwoman Walorski, Ranking Member McGovern, and Members of the Committee.    I would like to thank you for this opportunity to share my experience on the importance of the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program, or what my family called food stamps.    This is an issue that is woven into the very fabric of my childhood. My father walked out when I was 4 years old. He left my mom to raise my older sister, younger brother, and myself on her own. She found herself doing whatever blue collar work she could to provide for us, but it wasn't easy.    Besides the rare instances that I would wake up in the middle of the night and find her crying at the kitchen table because she was trying to navigate through our family's finances, I was pretty oblivious, as most children are, to the level of poverty we lived in. I knew there were some times when my mom paid for our groceries with what looked like Monopoly money instead of cash. Off and on throughout my childhood I would have this little ticket that would get me a free breakfast or lunch at school. But as a kid, I had limited knowledge of food stamps or free and reduced lunch programs. I just knew that somehow, when we needed it, there was always food.    Because I had this food, I was able to learn and focus in school, which ultimately led me to graduate with honors from the University of Notre Dame. It fueled my real passion, basketball. I am grateful and proud of the success that I have had winning championships on the collegiate, professional, and Olympic levels. I often joke that when I was growing up, I was tall, lanky, and uncoordinated. But looking back, I can't imagine what my path would have been like if I was tall, lanky, uncoordinated, and hungry. When times were tough, the nutrition I received through programs like food stamps and school meals helped me grow stronger. It saw me through all the numerous hours of training before and after school, lifting with our football coaches and playing pick-up games with the boys. It was all very physically demanding, and I couldn't have done it if I didn't have enough to eat.    We live in the land of wealth and opportunity, so acknowledging that one in five children in this country lives in a family struggling to put food on the table is hard. It is easy to feel compassion about hungry children when it is in the abstract, but it is tough to admit that our next-door neighbor's child might not have enough food they need to thrive. I say thrive because in America, it is often not the case of life or death or survival, it is the fact that kids don't have the nutrition they need to learn and physically grow. By not providing them with that, as a society, we are also not providing them with the opportunity to be successful, to go to college, and to break the cycle of poverty instead of getting stuck in it.    We talk about educational reform, but we don't talk about the fact that hungry kids can't concentrate and learn. We talk about health care, but we don't talk about the stunted development and avoidable health issues that rise from the lack of proper nutrition. We talk about jobs, but we overlook the impact of hunger-related issues on creating a job-ready generation.    SNAP is critical to ending childhood hunger. I can tell you firsthand that when programs like SNAP work in tandem with other programs like school meals, we can make sure that kids are getting the three meals a day they need to grow strong. For example, school breakfast ensures that kids start their days with healthy meals to fuel their brains, while allowing parents to stretch SNAP dollars longer into the month instead of running out early. This way, when the money is extremely tight, we can guarantee that kids are still getting the healthy food they need.    My mom taught me to dream big and then to work extremely hard to achieve those dreams. My dream as a little girl growing up on a farm in Indiana was to play in the Olympics, and I was fortunate to see that dream fulfilled in Athens in 2004, when I stood on the podium and received a gold medal. Today, my dream is equally as bold, and I believe, achievable. I want to see a nation where no child goes hungry, a nation where every child has the ability to get the nutrition they need to grow up smart and strong, a nation where every little girl dares to dream her dream, and gets the food and support she needs to grow up and achieve them.    Thank you.    Ms. Riley. Well, as a child, you are kind of oblivious a little bit. I mean you realize that you are different than the other kids. You have a means to get the nutrition in a different way, whether it is the ticket that I used to get my meals. But, as I talked to my mom, once I became a spokesperson, I really started to understand the dynamic of our family and her need at that time and how essential this was. So my role as a spokesperson has been a sense of gratitude looking backward and understanding how impactful these programs were to my success, not realizing it maybe at the time, but now as an adult, realizing that they were absolutely essential to me being a healthy student and an athlete.    The Chairwoman. I appreciate it.    And, Dr. Haskins, we heard at previous hearings we needed evidence-based understanding of how to address this issue holistically. In your opinion, have we moved the needle at all recently when it comes to poverty and economic mobility? Should we keep doing the same things, or do you believe it is worthwhile to actually reexamine the situation and say what else can we do?    Ms. Riley. Yes, absolutely. And I have been a spokesperson in all the cities that I have played in probably in the last few years, and so I have been able to see a different demographic aspect to that as well. But for kids to know that there is a provision there, and to not have to worry about the essential foundation of what they need, allows them to have hope----    The Chairwoman. Yes.    Ms. Riley. All of the above.    Ms. Riley. It was----    Ms. Riley. Just that without any of the contributing factors, my mom, mentors, teachers, the program, I couldn't have been able to accomplish what I did.    Ms. Riley. I think without food, it wouldn't have mattered how great my mom was.    Ms. Riley. If I could really quickly just say from my own experience, my mom obviously didn't intend to be a single parent. My father left. She wasn't raised in a household where her parents encouraged her to get a skill-set and an education. So these programs are essential to fill in the gap when she was getting that education to provide for us. So you are looking at a smaller subset there.