    Ms. Wydra. Good morning. Thank you, Chairman Franks, Ranking Member Cohen, and Members of the Subcommittee, for inviting me to testify today. It's a pleasure and an honor.    As the Chairman noted, the Origination Clause provides that all bills for raising revenue shall originate in the House of Representatives, but the Senate may propose or concur with amendments as on other bills. As the tax and history of the Constitution make clear, this provision was intended to strike a careful balance between the two Houses of Congress, giving the House the exclusive authority to propose legislation affecting the Nation's purse strings while ensuring that the Senate retained the right to amend such legislation, just as it could amend all other bills. This includes the strike-and-replace method of amendment used by the Senate in the ACA, as has been discussed, and more generally, since the founding. As Thomas Jefferson explained in his Manual of Parliamentary Procedure he wrote for the Senate in 1801, ``Amendments may be made so as to totally alter the nature of the proposition. A new bill may be engrafted by way of amendment on the words, be it enacted.'' Does the existence of the strike-and-replace amendment method of Senate amendment contemplated in the second half of the Origination Clause mean that the power given to the House in the first half of the Origination Clause to originate revenue bills has no meaning? Absolutely not. But don't take my word for it, even though I appreciate Mr. Gaziano's kind words.    Let's listen to James Madison. At Virginia's ratifying convention, he noted that even though critics said that the Senate could strike out every word of the bill except the word ``whereas'' or any other introductory word and might substitute words of their own, the clause nonetheless kept the Nation's purse strings in the hands of the House because the House was free to reject the Senate's amendments to revenue bills. And in the Federalist Papers, Madison emphasized the importance of the Origination Clause by noting that the House had the power to propose as well as refuse when it came to the power of the purse. The Origination Clause thus makes the House the first and the last word on all revenue bills.    Throughout history, the House has defended its constitutional prerogatives with vigor, mostly through the blue-slip process through which violations of the Origination Clause are raised and remedied.    My written testimony goes through in greater detail the original meaning of the Origination Clause, so for now, I will turn to the legal challenges claiming that the Affordable Care Act violates this clause. Every judge to have considered the merits of this claim on the merits has rejected it. As stated plainly by conservative superstar Judge Brett Kavanaugh of the D.C. Circuit Court of Appeals, the Affordable Care Act complied with the Origination Clause. As he went on to write: The act, in fact, originated in the House, as required by the clause in H.R. 3590, which was itself a bill to raise revenue, and although the original House bill was amended and its language replaced in the Senate, such Senate amendments are permissible under the clause's text and precedent.    Reinforcing the wisdom of these judges who have found that the ACA complied with the Origination Clause, it is important to note that at the time the ACA was making its way through Congress, no blue-slip objection was made on Origination Clause grounds in the House, despite vocal and vigorous opposition by many critics of the bill, some of whom are here today, on numerous other grounds.    The fact that no Member of the House filed a blue slip on the Origination Clause ground is not constitutionally dispositive of the issue, but it does confirm what the application of constitutional text and history and court precedent show, that the ACA was enacted consistent with the requirements of the Origination Clause.    As both a citizen and a constitutional lawyer, I applaud the Committee's interest in the vitality of the Origination Clause. I also would applaud a hearing on voting rights. The right to vote is a foundational right in our constitutional democracy, and I am grateful for the opportunity today to talk about the original meaning of this important provision of our Constitution. But the clause remains strong. Today the House remains as it has since the founding, the first and last word on all revenue bills, and it continues to defend its constitutional prerogatives through the blue-slip process when any Senate bills that might arise infringe on its Origination Clause authority.    The fact that no one filed a blue slip to try to stop the ACA on Origination Clause grounds is not because the clause has lost its constitutional teeth. It's because there's no constitutional defect in the act in the first place.    Thank you again, Mr. Chairman, and Members of the Subcommittee. I look forward to your questions and a great discussion today.    Ms. Wydra. Sure.    First, thank you, Ranking Member Cohen for giving me the opportunity because I want to respond first to a mischaracterization of the brief that we filed in the Hotze case in the Fifth Circuit. That brief actually did not take a position on whether the ACA is a bill for raising revenue. We said however the Court decided that issue basically did not matter because it was unquestionably clear that the Affordable Care Act did comply with the requirements of the Origination Clause. And, in fact, while there have been some disputes among the judges who heard the merits of this case about how those claims lose, there is universal agreement among the judges who have heard these cases, both conservative and liberal judges, that the case is a loser.    And so I think that, you know, the Supreme Court as you mentioned, will be considering in conference this Friday. Generally, they don't take up cases for review if there isn't--this is just a general rule--if there isn't a circuit split. There is no circuit split on this issue. So I think that's important to note that, just as throughout history, the Supreme Court has not ever struck down an act of Congress as a violation of the Origination Clause, I don't think they will do so in this case because it clearly complied with the Origination Clause, both halves, under the original meaning of the Origination Clause, under Supreme Court precedent, which was cited repeatedly to say that the Origination Clause does not apply to bills for other purposes which may incidentally create revenue. And I think there's a really interesting debate which we can have about whether or not that test is supported by the original meaning. It really comes down to, from a textual standpoint, whether the Constitution's substitution of the words ``for raising revenue'' for the prior language referencing bills ``for raising money for the purposes of revenue'' is a stylistic change or a substantive change. And as a Con-law nerd, I'm delighted to get into that. But the real point here today is that however you slice it, whichever way the courts rule on the actual test, the Affordable Care Act did comply with the requirements of the Origination Clause.    Ms. Wydra. That's about the original meaning of the Origination Clause. That wasn't about the D.C. Circuit's opinion in particular.