    Mrs. Comstock. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Thank you for letting me sit in on this hearing. And I think, as I have already talked with OPM, we do plan on doing some hearings in the Science and Technology Subcommittee, which I chair also. Like some of my colleagues have already mentioned, and they have had that experience, I have received those same letters, as have, more importantly, tens of thousands of my constituents here in northern Virginia, like Mr. Connolly.    I also had the unfortunate experience of also getting a letter from the IRS saying my tax information had been compromised. But that's probably another hearing, Mr. Chairman.    But what I am concerned about is I am not hearing leadership here. I know when I visit the Visa data center in my district, and I see all the things they have in place and the leadership they are exerting there and the leadership that comes from the top there, I see a very strong culture of leadership in their cybersecurity and how they are attacking it.    So my question, Ms. Archuleta, now when you came here 18 months ago, you understood that we had a very real threat from China and other bad actors, that this was constant, like the Congresswoman was just talking. It is constant. It is something every day, and it is something you are always going to face. Do you understand that?    Mrs. Comstock. Okay. So, in doing that, because I think really what we know here from what Mr. Connolly said, I think what we have all recognized is they are at war with us. And we aren't up to speed. And we aren't responding in kind in terms of the problem. Now, what I am hearing is the blaming the actor here, saying that, well, we know they are bad actors. And we know that; that's part of the job. So what I would like to know is in the 18 months, how many meetings have you had yourself personally where it's been exclusively about cybersecurity, and you have had those meetings, and who have they been with?    Mrs. Comstock. I appreciate that because we have gone through those details. Have you visited a private sector, a data center and seeing what the private sector does?    Mrs. Comstock. No, have you visited? Have you visited someplace?    Mrs. Comstock. But in the past 18 months, you had not done that?    Mrs. Comstock. Okay. With the private sector.    Ms. Comstock. I appreciate that. But I think the point that has been made to me by people who are leaders in this field is the person at the very top has to take that role. And I would note that when Target, when they had this breach, when they had this problem, it wasn't just their CIO that lost their job, it was the CEO who lost their job. And that's how that was responded to in the private sector. So I want to continue with some of the points that have been made by Mr. McFarland. Have you sat down with Mr. McFarland to discuss his recommendations? You personally.    Mrs. Comstock. Okay. Now, when I sent you the letter that you had sent back, really one of the questions I had in there was how many people in my district have been impacted by this? I think it's a fairly simple question because you sent out the 4.2 million letters, right? And letters usually have a ZIP Code. So when you asked--you should be able to tell us how many people we have in our districts that have been impacted by this. I certainly have been hearing from many. And they have a lot of questions.    And I would like to also mention I would like to submit for the record questions from the Federation of Government Employees.    Mrs. Comstock. And I have had a lot of incoming questions that have come that obviously we don't have time here. But just a simple question that did not get answered was, how many constituents do I have impacted by this?    Mrs. Comstock. Okay.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I yield back.