    Mr. Salmon. The subcommittee will come to order.    Good afternoon. I would like to thank my colleagues for joining me in convening this important joint subcommittee hearing. Unfortunately, Chairman Poe couldn't join us today, but I know he is very interested and engaged on the many challenges presented to the U.S. policymakers in Pakistan.    I would like to ask unanimous consent that his opening statement be inserted for the record. And, without objection, the hearing record will remain open for 5 business days to allow for further statements, questions, and extraneous materials for the record, subject to the length limitation in the rules.    As we all know, the United States has spent tens of billions in taxpayer dollars in the form of aid to Pakistan since 9/11, all in the hope that Pakistan would become a partner in the fight against terrorism. Unfortunately, despite this significant investment, Pakistani military and intelligence services are still linked to terrorist groups.    While the administration and the Pakistanis argue that there have been some successes in the fight against terrorist elements, particularly in Shawal Valley, terrorist organizations with close ties to Pakistan's military elite have been left untouched to the point of thriving while Pakistan's governing elite turns a blind eye.    Today we will discuss the administration's policy toward Pakistan and take a closer look at U.S. goals and expectations and options with Pakistan. The U.S.-Pakistan relationship has always been complicated. Pakistan is an important country of over 200 million people. It has nuclear capabilities and is strategically located with important neighbors, including China, India, and Afghanistan. But this country poses challenges that have plagued the United States for decades.    Given its significance, we can't afford to be spontaneous with our policy toward Pakistan as there could be far-reaching consequences. At the same time, many of us in Congress are unwilling to continue down this same failed path that consists of stacks of U.S. aid dollars without much support in the fight against terrorists to show for it. To be frank, Pakistan likes the United States because for decades we have given them a substantial amount of aid, especially to the Pakistani military, while they hope that they can prevent us from getting too close with India.    The United States tolerates Pakistan because it claims to be in the fight with us on the global war on terror. Recent history shows us that while Pakistan is getting money and weapons, U.S. goals in the war on terror are sadly lacking, and Pakistan may in fact be using the assets we provide them to undermine some of our strategic diplomatic efforts in the region.    Pakistan claims to be fighting terrorism, but they refuse to fight some groups who we know to be terrorists. Many observers see Pakistani forces as selective in the terrorist groups it fights, leaving others to continue to wreak havoc, especially when those groups target India.    Let us not forget that Pakistan was less than helpful in the hunt and ultimately demise of Osama bin Laden. And, to this day, they are holding Dr. Shakil Afridi under arrest, a hero to our country, for aiding in bin Laden's capture. Patience is growing very thin.    The recent failure to get consensus on the proposed F-16 sale is evidence of the newly endemic weariness where Pakistan is concerned. If our current efforts in Pakistan are not producing the results we seek, then what are our options? We could simply turn the money off, saving taxpayers billions of dollars. We could enforce sanctions or designate Pakistan as a State Sponsor of Terrorism. Sanctions were used in the '90s but without much effect.    I hope to hear from our witnesses as to what sort of stick and carrot approach might actually work with Pakistan, so we can have a strategic partnership on issues of mutual interest.    Fifteen years have passed since 9/11. Billions of dollars have been spent, and far too little change has occurred in Pakistan. Should we continue our failed policy and attempt to convince ourselves that Pakistan will one day see eye to eye with the United States, or should we look at the U.S.-Pakistan relationship through a new lens?    I look forward to today's constructive discussion to guide our policy efforts with Pakistan, and I turn to the ranking member, Mr. Sherman, for any comments that he might have.    Mr. Salmon. Thank you. In the interest of time--I know we have got other vote series coming up on the floor very soon--I will just yield one more slot before we go to the witnesses to the ranking member of the Subcommittee on Terrorism, Nonproliferation, and Trade, Mr. Keating.    Mr. Salmon. Thank you. We are grateful to be joined today by Ambassador Zalmay Khalilzad. Appreciate you being here, Ambassador. And Mr. Bill Roggio, appreciate you being here. And Tricia Bacon.    And, Ambassador, we will yield the first time to you.    Ambassador Khalilzad. Thank you very much, Chairman. I want to thank the ranking member, the chairman of the Terrorism Subcommittee, and all the distinguished members who are here. I appreciate the opportunity to appear and to make a few comments on a very important and difficult subject, the issue of Pakistan.    As you said, Chairman, it requires a deliberate but frank discussion and analysis of where we are and where we need to go. I have prepared a testimony, which I will submit for the record.    Mr. Salmon. Without objection, your formal testimony will be injected into the record.    Ambassador Khalilzad. I would like to summarize that testimony by making a few points and look forward to the discussion.    While Pakistan, in the aftermath of 9/11, did provide significant help in the overthrow of the Taliban and in the capture of quite a number of al-Qaeda members, I think it fair to say that if one focuses on Afghanistan, which would be the burden of my comments today, looking at Pakistan, one can conclude now the following.    First, Pakistan is now a State Sponsor of Terror. There is no question that the Pakistani military and the Pakistani intelligence agency, the ISI, the Inter-Service Agency, supports the Haqqani Network, which we regard--the United States has regarded as a terrorist organization. One of our former chairmen of the Joint Chiefs called the Haqqani Network a virtual arm of the ISI.    Point two, it is also clear that the Pakistani military and Pakistani intelligence provide sanctuary and support for the Taliban, which is an extremist organization that provided sanctuary for al-Qaeda in the early period, and even recently the leader of al-Qaeda, Zawahiri, pledged allegiance to the new leader of the Taliban. So the relationship continues.    And these two steps that Pakistan clearly has taken--it used to deny that there were any Taliban in Pakistan. When I was Ambassador to Afghanistan, when I went to see President Musharraf, and after a long discussion when I raised the issue of the Taliban with him, he asked me, ``They are not here. Give me their phone number. Give me their address.'' I had to remind him that the leadership of the Taliban was called the Quetta Shura, which, you know, is a big Pakistani city, and there is also--there was Peshawar Shura, which is another big city in Pakistan, and the media regularly went and interviewed some of these people.    But, in any case, as you know, more recently he has boasted, Mr. Musharraf, that he did obviously help the Taliban and the Haqqani Network. But the Pakistani support for these two groups has been a critical factor in my judgment in the longevity and successes that these two groups have had against the United States, against our forces.    We have lost quite a lot of people, as you know, military in particular, but also non-military folks, and they have imposed huge financial costs by making the war prolonged and significant, requiring us to invest not only life but also resources, and it has imposed huge costs also, both military and civilian, on the Afghans.    Those of us who have studied insurgencies and counter-insurgencies, if there is a sanctuary, it makes it much harder, it takes longer, becomes more protracted to defeat that insurgency. I am not saying other factors are not important; they are. I mean, the question of governance, policies of the government in charge, but sanctuaries make it much harder to defeat insurgencies.    So it seems to me that our policy, if I would characterize it, as one of engagement, providing support, sometimes withholding some assistance, but one of assistance, has not produced what we had hoped would be the result in Pakistan, which is that they would change policy to bring the Taliban to the negotiating table and move against those Taliban that are not reconcilable or would not reconcile and then also to move against the Haqqani Network. This has not happened.    So, as a nation, in my view, it is important that we debate what to do next. And I believe that we need to consider a different policy among our options, and the policy that I think is worthy of consideration is one of increasing the cost of this policy to Pakistan.    You know, typically, when you want to discourage bad behavior, you have to do things that look like punishment or imposing costs to shape a response. And Pakistan has believed so far correctly that they can get aid, billions, and get support and continue to do these things, and that we would not confront them with the choice of either you take our assistance or--and you can stop what you are doing or there will be no assistance.    And I think unless we effect fundamentally that calculus, that they confront the choice, it is unlikely that they would adjust the policy that we require, that the Afghans require, and indeed the world requires. I welcome some of the recent announcement by the administration and some of the actions, such as the drone attack against Mullah Mansour in Pakistan, I think that sent a strong message.    I believe that the administration's effort to isolate Pakistan, to pressure it more, is welcome, but I think it is insufficient. We need to do more. And more, in my judgment, is, one, we need to do additional drone attacks against targets that are Haqqani and Taliban related.    If Pakistan does not move against the Haqqani Network and the irreconcilable Taliban, we need to have, in my judgment, very sharply focused sanctions against people in these two institutions, the military, especially the Army, and the intelligence network, were involved in support of the Haqqani Network and the Taliban, and that would mean financial sanctions and, in my view, also it means travel to the United States.    I think we ought to suspend all non-humanitarian and non-education assistance to Pakistan. I agree with the ranking member that education is very important, and we ought to continue with educational assistance, humanitarian assistance, but non-education, not only our own, but in IMF I think we need to use our influence there to make sure that the next package that is likely to come up later this summer or early fall does not go through without Pakistan taking the necessary measures with regard to these two groups.    I also think we ought to consider, deliberate, debate whether Pakistan should not be put on the list, State Department list of sponsors of terrorism. Factually, it is. Now, the question is, what are the pros and cons? And I think there are costs for us not doing this, because the whole less than problem becomes--loses its legitimacy when a state clearly is doing something and we are not calling a spade a spade, and that has its own cost.    And I also believe that calling Pakistan a major non-NATO ally, given what it is doing, also raises questions of the legitimacy of such a designation. We ought to signal that without a change on these two issues we would recalibrate, reconsider that designation.    And I would think that we ought to also, as we do with regard to North Korea, a country that has nuclear weapons but has many hostile and negative domestic and external policies, consider as to when we might take the whole issue to the Security Council, in collaboration with the Afghans, to expose--we have not done as much as we could, in my view, to expose the details of how this policy of support for Haqqani and for the Taliban are actually conducted by Pakistan and the implications, the ramifications of that in terms of the amount of damage it has done to fellow Muslims in Afghanistan, besides the killings that have taken place of the coalition forces who are there.    I think also, as we think down the road, given that Pakistan may choose not to respond favorably to this, we need to look at the strengthening cooperation with India on terrorism and counterterrorism and on strengthening Afghanistan, that it can be hardened as--my judgment is that if we do the steps that I have described, it is not out of the question that Pakistan might reconsider, because I think if we can shake this belief that they have that they can continue to be both the beneficiary of U.S. assistance and continue to do what they are doing with regard to the Taliban and the Haqqani Network, with the view that eventually we will tire out--we will get tired, we will leave, and then they can go back to imposing a Taliban government on Afghanistan, and the good days will be here again from their perspective regionally, we will have to look at other ways with others who share our perspective on terrorism, particularly India. And I just was there last week, very serious discussions, I think we will need to take a look at this.    I understand, Mr. Chairman, as a final point, that this is not an easy issue. The administration that I was a part of, we tried engagement, too, and assistance in the golden hour after 9/11 when our credibility was high, we didn't push as hard Pakistan at that time, as we should have.    I think another golden hour may have become available after the killing of Mullah Mansour, but by itself I think it is insufficient. We need to get Pakistan's attention, and that things are different, that they do need to make a choice, and I recommended the steps that I did for your consideration.    Thank you, Chairman.    Mr. Salmon. Thank you very much, Ambassador.    On the clocks, please look at the amber light and the red lights. I am not going to hold you to--this is too important an issue, and we want to hear everything that you have to say, but I know we have a lot of questions up here, too.    Mr. Roggio.    Mr. Salmon. Thank you.    Dr. Bacon.    Mr. Salmon. Thank you very much.    This has been very, very enlightening. You know, when I have done town hall meetings back in my district, this probably gets more people's dander up than anything else. And I know when we have had votes on the floor to either defund or significantly reduce the funding to Pakistan, it has always done very well.    Most of the voters that I come into contact with wonder why in the heck we give people money that actually aid and abet those that commit terrorist acts across the globe. The other thing that I have got to wonder, the other countries that we try to influence, don't they think we are a bunch of chumps? I mean, that is the other thing that I have got to wonder is, you know, they see us as being so stupid.    And it kind of reminds me--you know, I wasn't there, but in some of the movies I have seen about how the old Mafia used to deal with businesses, come take money from them to protect them, so to speak, it kind of seems reminiscent of that to me. It is like paying the Mafia off, but no good is going to come of it in the end.    So, Mr. Roggio, you suggested that we just cut off all funding completely to Pakistan and go ahead and move with whatever is required to declare them a State Sponsor of Terrorism, and then also, you know, look at limiting travel for those from Pakistan or the United States and possibly even look at trade.    I am a believer that if we just cut off the funding, it is not going to be enough. If we just cut off the funding, I don't think it is going to be significant enough to them, to the other resources they get from the bad guys, and so I am wondering, why in the world have we continued to pursue this policy of, you know, I don't know, giving them money when we know all the bad things that they are doing. Why have we done this policy in the first place?    I guess I could understand in the first place why we did it, because there was some assistance in the war with terrorism with Afghanistan. But now I don't understand the rationale. Could you or Ambassador--any of you--give me the rationale, why we are still doing it, do you--and what other options do we have right now?    Ambassador Khalilzad. Well, I believe that part of the reason for continuing to pursue this approach has been the belief--and Pakistanis are very clever in manipulating us, I have to say that, number one--the belief that they are about to change. You cannot believe, Chairman, that so many times that they notice that things are moving possibly toward a change in our policy, then at that time they take an initiative to make it hard for us to then actually go through with it. So they know how to----    Mr. Salmon. Work us.    Ambassador Khalilzad. Right. And you have noticed recently when there has been, again, pressure on them to--isolating them, they reach out to distinguished Members of Congress, and they invite them for visits, they charm them, they promise, once again, and even exact statement from ourselves that are surprising in the face of facts as they are because we are a polite people and we don't want to insult our hosts.    So I think the Pakistani ability to manipulate by their actions in part has been a factor, but----    Mr. Salmon. We have been manipulated by a lot of countries. North Korea is an example. And, I mean, I will go back to there is a word for that. They are making chumps out of us.    Ambassador Khalilzad. Well, they are playing--if I might use an undiplomatic term, but we have been patsies.    Mr. Salmon. Patsy, chump.    Ambassador Khalilzad. Yeah, right.    Mr. Salmon. Idiot.    Ambassador Khalilzad. Well----    Mr. Salmon. Well, most Americans out there see through all of this, and yet, you know, our so-called leaders don't really get it. I can't even contemplate why on God's green earth we even thought for a nanosecond about the F-16 sale. I am glad that it has been scuttled, but none of it makes any sense at all.    Mr. Roggio, you had a comment.    Mr. Salmon. I just have one other quick question, because we have all asked questions from the State Department when they have come about Dr. Afridi and what they have done to try to secure his release. And every time it is the same, you know, mantra, ``Oh, we talked to them about that.'' Are they doing enough?    Mr. Salmon. Thank you.    Mr. Sherman.    Mr. Salmon. Thank you.    Mr. Salmon. Try. Thanks.    Mr. Salmon. Thank you.