    Mr. Pallone. Thank you, Chairman, and I also want to thank our ranking member for holding this hearing.    And thank you to all the Commissioners for coming up to talk with us once again.    This is the fourth FCC oversight hearing we have had this year. I certainly appreciate the efforts the Republicans have put into overseeing the Commission. Oversight of all the agencies under our committee's jurisdiction is always a top priority for Democrats, and, still, I wish the committee had been as energetic this year about other problems the American people are grappling with, such as climate change, safe drinking water, or domestic violence in sports.    Nevertheless, today's hearing is at least timely. We just recently commemorated the third anniversary of when Hurricane Sandy ripped through the East Coast. The storm left people across my district stranded without communication, some of them for weeks. And so I have spent the past 3 years making sure that we are better prepared for the next time disaster strikes. Because unless we do more to control climate change, there will be a next time.    And that is why, yesterday, I introduced the SANDy Act to make sure people have better access to communications in an emergency. The bill recognizes the importance of phone service, TV, and radio during emergencies. I hope that the proposal in that bill, along with the efforts at the FCC to make networks more resilient, will mean that we never have a repeat of the communication failures from 3 years ago.    But as important as network resiliency is, the FCC role in helping consumers is much broader. So I would like to briefly mention my other priorities for the Commission.    First, online video. The future of communications is video, and the future of video is online and mobile. I thank the Commission for its ongoing work to understand this dynamic market, but I urge you to always remain focused on putting consumers first. Above all, the Commission's priority should be making sure consumers are the ones deciding what services and devices meet their needs.    Second is spectrum. To make sure consumers can access the content they choose wherever they choose on whatever device they choose, they need more spectrum. The FCC is doing its part to meet this demand through its record-breaking spectrum auction earlier this year and its first-of-its-kind incentive auction set for early next year. I hope that Congress can continue to do our part by building on our recent work in the budget deal. We must find new ways to free more spectrum. We have not done enough.    I know I have a couple other people here that want to use my time, but, before I yield, I wanted to thank Chairman Walden for his willingness to revisit the matter of broadcast ownerships. The chairman called a hearing to explore this issue a few months ago but had to cut it short. And this is an issue that the American people care deeply about, so I appreciate the fact that the chairman has offered to complete the hearing on December 3, and I look forward to it.    So I thank, again, our witnesses. I look forward to hearing from you all about the important work the FCC is doing to help consumers.    I have 2 minutes. I would like to give 1 minute to Mr. Butterfield and 1 to Ms. Matsui. We will start with Mr. Butterfield.    Mr. Pallone. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I mentioned earlier that, yesterday, I introduced the Securing Access to Networks in Disasters, or SANDy, Act. And the SANDy Act is a result of an examination of what went wrong during Hurricane Sandy 3 years ago and incorporates some lessons learned.    I wanted to ask initially, Commissioner Rosenworcel, I know you visited New Jersey shortly after Sandy struck, and, based on your experiences, do you have any suggestions for legislative steps we can take to help consumers during emergencies and disasters?    Mr. Pallone. Thank you.    Let me ask Chairman Wheeler: A second component of this issue involves network resiliency. And, as you know, over 40 percent of the wireless towers went out in New Jersey during Sandy. What is the status of the FCC's proceeding on network resiliency?    Mr. Pallone. All right. I am going to follow up with you about some of this after the hearing----    Mr. Pallone . If that is OK.    Let me ask you, Chairman Wheeler, about the incentive auction. I know that running a successful incentive auction next year is one of your top priorities, and that----    Mr. Pallone . Is one of mine, as well. And I have heard some concerns that the software you are using to run the auction may not be ready in time. So I just wanted to give you a chance to respond.    Two questions. When do you expect the incentive auction software package to be finalized? And do you plan to give the impacted industries practice rounds with the software before the auction starts?    Mr. Pallone. OK.    Let me just ask you about pirate radio. I know you have been fairly successful lately in finding bipartisan support on a number of things. And I think an issue that you discussed that should have bipartisan support are the problems with the proliferation of illegal pirate radio stations. You mentioned it in your statement.    Do you think that there are any changes in the law that could help the FCC better enforce against illegal pirate radio stations?    Mr. Pallone. OK.    Did you want to respond, Mr. O'Rielly?    Mr. Pallone. All right. Thanks a lot.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.