    Mr. Vila. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Thank you for the invitation.    I will start by saying the title of this hearing is quite revealing, since these procedures are not to analyze any pending legislation, and there is no prospect of legislative action in the near future.    On the other hand, the fact that this hearing combines the political relationship between Puerto Rico and the United States and the economic situation in the island is quite revealing, too. As far as I can remember, this is the first time any institution of any of the branches of the Federal Government have implicitly or explicitly recognized the important linkage between these two areas.    I have written and submitted a well thought-out document and a factually accurate testimony about the current economic crisis in Puerto Rico and what it means for our political status. I invite you to read it carefully. But since this committee has allowed me only 5 minutes to talk about such a critical point in time for our people, I am going to use my time today to request something of you, and make a plea for my people and my island. And I am sure that, from it, the subcommittee can draft a proper agenda of business to give adequate attention to our current economic situation.    While Puerto Rico first produced sugar and then soldiers, the United States told the world we were working together. While Puerto Rico provided thousands of our limited acres for military training and an open economy where American businesses flourish and prospered, you told the world we work together. We have gotten to where we are today together. Yes? A lot of the good and the bad were done by our own hands. But a lot of the good and the bad were done by your hands, too. Yes, it doesn't matter how you characterize it. The truth is that we have been in this together.    Now Puerto Rico is in a deep crisis that is threatening essential government services, including safety, education, and health care. Our economy has closed the door to hundreds of thousands of Puerto Ricans that have left their families and homes behind. But, contrary to the good old days, this time the U.S. Government is keeping distance. In this crisis, you say now we are not together.    I have no problem accepting our fault in the current crisis. But to pretend it is 100 percent our fault is incorrect and immoral. The economic crisis was worsened by the elimination by Congress of Section 936 of the Internal Revenue Code, and by fiscal policies and actions and lack of actions by the U.S. Government and of this Congress.    Our budget bubble happened at the same time that yours, under a monetary policy that fostered billions of dollars of unpayable debt. The Federal Reserve recognized its hand in the 2000 mortgage crisis, and set the money printing press to `high' to solve it. But we have been left behind in the call.    Let me tell you, Congressmen and Congresswomen, in this crisis we are together. We worked together getting it, and work together in the consequences. Together, we will suffer the dislocations of uncontrollable migration. Together we will be hit by rising social programs and needs. Together we will face financial litigation by ravenous creditors looking for every penny, and with not even a law to organize the process.    No matter what you may think or want to believe, we are in this together. Actually, there is a Supreme Court case solved in 2007, which I quote in detail in my written testimony and it is included as an annex, that specifically addresses this issue in state--that in a situation where a U.S. territory faces economic insolvency, the U.S. Government is responsible and might be liable.    I have no doubt that we can solve our crisis and can come out of it stronger, if you realize that we are still together and come to the table to work with us. One-sided solutions won't work, whether they come from your side or ours.    I request of you a joint resolution of Congress, asking the Treasury Department and the Federal Reserve to roll up their sleeves and do more than just give advice. They need to get involved and be part of the solution. They have the power and the tools and the responsibility to do it. We are willing to sacrifice, but we need a fighting chance. No country, no state, no jurisdiction has gotten out of a crisis like ours without a bankruptcy law, a central bank intervention, or help from outside.    Call our relation a bilateral compact or a colonized territory. At this time it all means one thing: we are in this together. Thank you.    Mr. Vila. In my written statement, and in the documents that I included, I go a little bit deeper on that. I think that approach is not the right one. And I do say with total honesty and respect, I think that so far we have been discussing this from a political, legal view. I think it is about time just to discuss the economic relationship between Puerto Rico and the United States.    I firmly believe that statehood, economically, is not the alternative, and we can go into deeper discussion on that. It is in my written statement, I don't want to waste your time. But I firmly believe it is not a good solution for Puerto Rico or for the United States either. I firmly believe independence is not the right economic answer to our situation, and I firmly believe doing nothing, the status quo, is also not the alternative.    I believe that we need to sit down and come up with a new economic arrangement. What is the problem? The problem is that Puerto Rico is, and has always been, a developing economy. But then we have to play by the rules of the most developed economy in the world, which is the U.S. economy. And when you apply the rules of the most developed economy to a developing economy, you have the problem we have. And if we become a state, it will be even worse, because you will apply the tax rules of the most developing economy to a still developing economy.    So, in that sense, my approach is let's reach an agreement on a new kind of economic relationship, and then, based on that, let's reach an agreement in what the mayor called, ELA Soberano, estado libre asociado soberano, a new political arrangement, clearly non-colonial and non-territorial.    Mr. Vila. Resident Commissioner, I just said that, for me, status quo is not the alternative, and doing nothing is not the alternative. I also said that what we need to get to is a new economic relationship which is described in many of my essays. One of them is included as an annex to my written statement.    In that sense, what I think we need to establish is a new relationship based on a compact in which we clarify the powers of Congress and we clarify the powers the people and the government of Puerto Rico will have.    To me, this is a political will situation, not a legal question. Actually, I ask any of you to look into the U.S. Constitution and read to me the clause where it talks about unincorporated territory. It is nowhere. It is nowhere. The Constitution only talks about territories.    But when the U.S. Government came to the realization that they had Puerto Rico--back then Philippines, many of the territories--but that they were not on the path toward statehood, they had a political situation. And then a new theory came to accommodate that new reality, and now we are called unincorporated territories. But that is not in the Constitution. That is nowhere in the Constitution.    So, to me, what we need is to reach a political will for the new economic relationship. And I firmly believe that the best alternative for the people of Puerto Rico and for the United States is what we have called sovereign commonwealth, estado libre asociado soberano, where you clarify the powers of Congress, and you clarify the powers of the people of Puerto Rico. For me, the most important one has to do with economic development.    Mr. Vila. A new relationship, the same way that, before, there were only territories, and then, after that, it was accepted to have unincorporated territories. I think what we have to reach is a political and economic agreement, and then we will deal with the legal structure.    Mr. Vila. Yes.    Mr. Vila. Yes, it is a matter of political will.    Mr. Vila. May I just add that what will happen is the same thing that happened in Detroit. The same thing. You have an orderly process to deal with the situation. We are not--we are talking about municipalities or instrumentalities of the central government that might go bankrupt. So, in that sense, you have a very recent experience in Detroit. So that is the same. It is basically allowing those corporations and those instrumentalities of the government of Puerto Rico to use that tool.    And I just want to clarify also that the reason Resident Commissioner Pierluisi's bill is so important is because the local government in Puerto Rico approved a local law and was declared unconstitutional by a Federal court. That case is pending in Boston, in the First Circuit, Boston Court of Appeals. We will see what happens.    The problem is that we don't get action from Congress. And then, when the local legislature of Puerto Rico decided to somehow act, then we have a Federal court say, ``You cannot do that.'' So I don't know of any other place in the world that doesn't have rules----    Mr. Vila . To deal with the status----    Mr. Vila. I missed you, sorry.    Mr. Vila. May I react to his comment? I know it was not a question, but I think that probably we all agree.    I am going to say two things in terms of things that are happening and have been shown here. For example, Pierluisi's bill for Chapter 9 has bipartisan support in Puerto Rico, and that is very rare. So you have statehooders, pro-commonwealthers, all sectors supporting that. A coalition has been created to deal with the health issue, Medicare and Medicaid, also with bipartisan support. That is new. Probably 10 years ago that would have been impossible. That is why my presentation is basically about the economic crisis.    I think you have a responsibility and a unique opportunity. I am not talking only about Congress. It has to do also with the executive branch. This crisis is going to get complicated. And as I said, and I repeat it, we are in this together. The solution for this crisis needs the U.S. Government to come to the table and be part of that solution. I think, on that, we might also be able to get some kind of agreement beyond political parties in Puerto Rico.