    Mr. McNerney. I want to thank the ranking member, and I thank the chairman of the subcommittee for his work on this issue. Managing nuclear waste is an engineering and a political problem. Based on the work I did as a graduate student for the Nuclear Engineering Department at the University of New Mexico, I believe the engineering problem can be solved safely and satisfactorily.    Experience has shown that in order to find a location with the support of the local community, we are going to need complete transparency and the involvement of the local community in order to be accepted by the local community.    More than $10 billion has been spent on the Yucca Mountain project, and that money may be wasted because there wasn't the transparency and local involvement that would be required. The current situation we have invites a Fukushima-style disaster to happen in this country because there is so much waste stored in so various locations as we will hear near the Columbia River and other places. So are we going to need a solution? I thank the chairman for his work, and I think we need to work together in a bipartisan way to find a way forward, Mr. Chairman.    And, again, I yield back.    Mr. McNerney. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    It is interesting testimony. And I appreciate you all coming down here today.    Mr. McNerney. That is an issue for the Congress to deal with, is that right?    Mr. McNerney. Mr. Ronningen, thank you for coming. A little part of my district is in Territory. So I appreciate what you are doing. You mentioned that there were two private entities that announced sites in the last 4 months. Could you expand on that a little bit?    Mr. McNerney. Those are both Mr. McNerney. Is there any possibility there would be local support for those projects?    Mr. McNerney. Thank you.    Mr. White, you also mentioned the need for public-private partnerships. What do you have in mind exactly for that?    Mr. McNerney. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I yield back my time.