    Senator Cassidy. Mr. Bishop, thank you for your testimony, which I found excellent.    Representative Smith, I am glad to see you survived your gator hunt.    Senator Cassidy. I hope it was productive.    I thank you all for being here and for holding this hearing today, bringing greater attention to the energy production and its economic impact along the Gulf Coast.    The energy activities in the coastal Gulf states and the adjacent offshore waters have produced billions of barrels of oil and trillions of cubic feet of natural gas. They have been an important contributor to the domestic energy production which is critical for our country's energy independence and security. Every barrel of oil and cubic foot of natural gas produced in the Gulf of Mexico eliminates the need for energy from foreign sources.    Unfortunately, the actions and policy of this Administration are counter-productive, literally. For example, one thing that is of particular importance to us in Louisiana is the Administration's proposal to redirect coastal restoration funds, or GOMESA funds, that are scheduled to come to Louisiana beginning in 2017. A little ironically, a few weeks ago President Obama visited New Orleans to commemorate the region's rebirth on the 10th anniversary of Hurricanes Katrina and Rita. Yet, the sustainability of Louisiana's recovery is being placed in jeopardy by the President's Fiscal Year 2016 budget proposal. This proposal would redirect revenue derived from the energy production off Louisiana's coast toward unrelated projects. Louisiana is relying upon this revenue because, by our state constitution, it will be used to restore Louisiana wetlands.    Now, just to put this in perspective, Louisiana is experiencing unparalleled land loss due to Federal engineering decisions made nearly a century ago that have channeled the lower Mississippi River system for the benefit of the rest of the Nation. Louisiana's 2,300 square miles of land loss is largely attributed to this channelization, which was abetted by the placement of levies along the river system, and this has converted a once-growing delta plain to the greatest source of wetlands loss in our history.    Louisiana is counting on the revenues derived from offshore energy production to fund a portion of the projects necessary to restore our coast. Close to 18 percent of Louisiana's oil production and about 24 percent of its natural gas production originates, is transported through, or is processed in Louisiana's coastal wetlands. This is important not just for us but, as this shows, also for the rest of the Nation, and Congressman Graves is the expert on this.    Over 500 tons of water-borne cargo passes through Louisiana's system of deep draft ports and navigational channels each year. If the present land loss rates continue, more than 155 miles of waterways and several ports will be exposed to open water within 50 years. This is important not just for Louisiana, but for all those farmers in the Mississippi Valley system who rely upon these ports to send their products to international markets.    Now, related to this, Louisiana depends upon the revenue from production in the Gulf of Mexico, as does the Nation, to restore our wetlands. A second way the Obama administration's policies negatively affect this revenue stream is by locking up the Outer Continental Shelf's acreage which could be leased. Under this Administration, as you noted, Mr. Chairman, less than 2 percent of the 1.71 billion Federal Outer Continental Shelf acreage is under lease. Over 63 million acres in the Gulf of Mexico alone remain locked up. This lost opportunity results in fewer jobs, less government revenue, and a greater reliance upon foreign sources of oil.    If the draft proposed plan for offshore production is finalized in 2016, the Obama administration will have effectively controlled a decade of offshore oil and gas lease planning. The draft 5-year plan for 2017 to 2022 lists 14 sales. As you noted, this is the lowest number of lease sales in the 42-year history of the planning process.    Now, the second issue is supply constraints or access. Despite the Obama administration's policies, according to the Energy Information Administration, in the short term the Gulf of Mexico is expected to defy the overall trend of decreased production domestically because of lower oil prices, et cetera, and will continue to produce oil.    However, these offshore fields require both surface and subsea production equipment, and if the low oil price persists and operators cannot develop unique ways to decrease the capital required for these new projects and/or improve recovery rates, production will slip, and that in turn will negatively impact both jobs, Federal revenue through lease sales, as well as the amount of revenue Louisiana has to rebuild its coastline.    This is exacerbated by the excess regulations that you noted and that Senator Vitter also noted. The estimates of the cost of these would be as much as $10-$30 million, in addition to the increased expenditures required under previously issued regulations. The industry estimates the 10-year cumulative cost of these rules to be approximately $32 billion.    In response to this problematic regulatory climate, I, along with Senator Vitter, drafted a bill that became Title 1 of the OPENS Act, legislation that was reported out of the Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee last month. As from the title, the OPENS Act opens up more acreage for energy production offshore. For example, some would open up the Eastern Gulf of Mexico by redefining the Eastern Gulf moratoria of 2017.    In addition to expanding energy supply, according to a 2014 study, by 2035, Eastern Gulf offshore natural gas development would produce nearly 1 million barrels of oil equivalent per day, generating nearly 230,000 jobs, contributing over $18 billion per year to the U.S. economy, and generating $70 billion in cumulative government revenue.    So, to conclude, the rise in production in the Gulf of Mexico is occurring due to large reserves and production efficiencies that streamline operational drilling costs. Although the long lead time and significant capital investment required to drill somewhat insulates production activity from short-term price volatility, the Obama administration's offshore drilling plan and proposed regulations could erode the economic viability of future well production in the Gulf of Mexico.    We must provide a regulatory environment to produce offshore oil and gas in a safe, economical way, while allowing access to the large undiscovered, technically recoverable oil and gas revenues on the Federal lands offshore. It is critical that production continue to grow in the Gulf of Mexico to protect and sustain our energy independence and to create the good jobs with good benefits for which there are far too few in today's economy.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.