    Mr. Carpenter. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. The National Organization of Veterans Advocates wants to thank this committee for offering us this opportunity to offer testimony on these very important issues. I have been assisting veterans and their families with VA appeals for more than 30 years. I began doing appeals prior to judicial review. And prior to judicial review, although the appeal process was lengthy, it is, in retrospect, reasonable by comparison to what has occurred since judicial review.    It is easy to blame judicial review, but judicial review is not responsible for the backlog in the largely-accumulated delays in processing appeals. NOVA has three specific recommendations: The first recommendation would require a major statutory change; the second and third recommendations, we do not believe would require a major statutory change, but we do believe it would be significant.    First, NOVA recommends the amending of 7105, which is the statutory provision that concerns the appeal process. We recommend the elimination of both the statement of case and the substantive appeal. These requirements are simply no longer needed. They had merit and reason in the prior-to-judicial-review environment. The elimination of these two currently required processes would cut by significant time period the delays inherent in this process. The requirement for a statement of case and a substantive appeal, in fact, now contribute to the delays, as is verified by the statistics.    Second, if the committee and Congress are not willing to amend 7105 with such a major change, 7105 at least needs to be amended to explicitly require the certification of an appeal and the transfer of that appeal to the Board within 60 days. The chairman mentioned in earlier questioning the observation that the VA has very few, if any, time limits imposed upon them by Congress. This is an implementation, this is a recommendation that will impose a specific timeframe.    The current delays in getting appeals physically from the regional offices to the Board is taking too long because the regional office controls the certification of the appeal. Congress needs to tell the regional offices by statute, in no uncertain terms, that within 60 days of the receipt of the substantive appeal, that the appeal will be certified and it will be transferred to the Board.    Now, one of the potential consequences of this is that currently of the 70,000 appeals that the Board has, only half of them are physically before the Board, because the other half have not been transferred to the Board. This is going to put the burden of the appeal process where it belongs, with the appeal. The agency, by not certifying appeals, by not physically moving those claims to the Board, is contributing to this backlog, again, as the statistics clearly demonstrate.    Third and finally, there are two statutory provisions that deal with remands and use ambiguous and unclear language for the handling of a remand from both court and the Board. And the statute uses the term ``expeditiously handled.'' The fact is, is unless this Congress by statute tells the agency what the expectation is, expeditious treatment is going to remain ambiguous. We recommend a 6-month action report if the remand has not been resolved within that time period. And after that date that written explanations every 6 months be provided for why there has been no resolution.    The removal of the ambiguity and the imposition of specific time frames, we believe, will clearly assist the problems that exist with remands because there is no clarity of Congress' expectation as to what the timeframe is to get a remand resolved. And if you don't tell them, then you have seen what is going to happen. They are simply going to be dealt with as the VA chooses to deal with them, which is not acceptable.    Mr. Carpenter. There are really two components: The first, and it was mentioned in the earlier panel by the Veterans Service Organization, primarily by Vietnam Veterans of America, that the claim is simply not fully and sympathetically developed to its optimum before the VA makes a decision on the merits.    Mr. Carpenter. Absolutely, and that is where the problem begins. The decision gets made and the statistics clearly demonstrate that the claim was not fully developed because it has to be sent back for another exam or for the obtaining of other records for the obtaining of additional evidence from other governmental entities and all of that should have been done before the decision was made in the first place. That is the first part of it.    The second part of what we have recommended is that, frankly, you have to put some teeth into the remand statute. Expeditious treatment is, frankly, nonspecific. No one at the VA has ever defined what that means. Therefore, they do it when they do it. Congress needs to clarify that they mean expeditious treatment is something within a reasonable time that you will specify. If you specify that time, then that gives a target for them to work towards and they currently do not have a target.    The clock doesn't start running on them, and veterans and their representatives are simply helpless because there isn't a remedy available judicially except to wait for that decision, because we can't go back to court until a sufficient amount of time, which has been interpreted in the court's decisions before the veterans' court to be at least a year waiting on that development. And there shouldn't be a full year granted.    The chairman made a reference to the sanctions that were taken earlier against the Secretary, and what happened in that case was is that the VA simply lost it. If they don't have a specific tracking mechanism by a specific target date by statute, then that is what is going to happen in this clearly overloaded system is that cases are going to get lost.