    Mr. Johnson. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Today's hearing provides this Subcommittee with an important opportunity to consider two regulatory reform proposals that would affect divergent aspects of the rulemaking system. The first of these proposals is H.R. 2631, the ``Regulatory Predictability for Business Growth Act of 2015,'' which would require agencies to undertake notice and comment under section 553, the Administrative Procedures Act, prior to revising interpretive rules that are older than 1 year.    An interpretive rule is any nonlegislative rule issued by an agency to clarify its views on a subject matter. These rules are usually issued in direct response to requests by regulated firms that want more clarity and transparency in a subject area. Because the rule has no binding legal effect, the parties are not bound by an agency's expression of its current rules.    Simply put, H.R. 2631 would impose immense procedural and analytical burdens on agencies seeking to provide regulatory clarity through interpretive rules. Not only would this requirement severely burden agencies' existing practice of issuing timely, interpretive rules, but it would also wreak havoc on the entire rulemaking system.    As Donald Elliott, a professor of law at Yale Law School, noted in 1992, ``Imposing a notice-and-comment requirement on nonlegislative rules would literally grind the modern administrative process to a halt.''    In an Amicus brief filed in Perez v. Mortgage Bankers, where the Supreme Court unanimously rejected a judicial doctrine requiring notice and comment for revisions to longstanding interpretive rules, a group of leading administrative law experts similarly argued that this requirement would be ``burdensome, costly, and time consuming for agencies.''    The second regulatory reform proposal before us today is H.R. 3438, the ``Require Evaluation before Implementing Executive Wishlists Act of 2015,'' or otherwise known as the ``REVIEW Act,'' which would automatically stay high-impact rules that a party challenges within 60 days of an agency's adoption of the rule. Under current law, both courts and the agency issuing a rule may stay the effective date of a rule.    While agencies have broad discretion in postponing the effective date of a rule, a court considers several factors in deciding whether to stay a rule, including whether the party is likely to succeed on the merits. Unlike current law, the REVIEW Act would require that agencies automatically delay the effective date for rules exceeding $1 billion in costs, regardless of whether the party challenging the rule has any likelihood of success on the merits, is actually harmed by the rule, or whether staying the rule would be contrary to the public interest.    This guarantees that virtually every regulated firm would challenge high-impact rules through frivolous litigation, creating further delays for these rules, which, in many cases, have already taken years to promulgate. But the bill wouldn't just apply to these rules; rather, it would likely apply to transfer rules, which involve the transfer of funds for budgetary programs as authorized by Congress, such as transfer rules involving the Medicare program or the Federal Pell Grant program.    In closing, I look forward to our esteemed panel's testimony today, and I yield back.    Mr. Johnson. Pull that microphone a little closer to you.    Mr. Johnson. Thank you. And thank you all, gentlemen, for being here today. And welcome, wife and daughter.    H.R. 3438 defines a high-impact rule as any rule that the administrator of the Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs determines may impose an annual cost on the economy of more than $1 billion. This determination requires only a cost assessment and not an assessment of the money saved or the benefits of a rule; is that not correct, Mr. Clark?    Mr. Johnson. And so is it your opinion that agencies should only consider the cost and ignore the benefits when assessing the value of new regulations, Mr. Clark?    Mr. Johnson. Well, H.R. 3438 would abandon any obligation to look at benefits and just simply impose the responsibility of determining whether or not the costs exceeds $1 billion. And if it does, then the law would require upon filing of a lawsuit within the 60-day period after adoption that the rule be stayed.    Mr. Johnson. Well, not a part of the administrative process in issuing a stay automatically upon filing of a lawsuit.    Mr. Johnson. Let me ask you this: Let me ask you this, if that law, if H.R. 3438 had been in effect at the time the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration issued the rule requiring air bags in automobiles, then there would have been an automatic stay applied to the adoption of that rule once the auto manufacturers filed a lawsuit. Correct?    Mr. Johnson. Assuming that it would've had a $1 billion cost.    Mr. Johnson. Well, certainly. Certainly.    Mr. Johnson. Well, what this does is puts adoption of a rule into the purview of whatever the opposing party of the rule decides, whether or not to file a lawsuit or not. I mean, it would just automatically stay adoption of the rule.    Now, Professor Buzbee, what is your assessment of what we have just heard from Mr. Clark?    Mr. Johnson. And that's exactly what H.R. 3438 does, does it not?    Mr. Johnson. And with respect to H.R. 2631, isn't it a fact, Professor Buzbee, that parties are not bound by interpretation of agency rule. There's no binding legal effect on parties; isn't that correct?    Mr. Johnson. With that, I'll yield back.    Mr. Johnson. Mr. Chairman, if I might----    Mr. Johnson. Mr. Chairman, if I might, I do have some statements for the record: One is Ranking Member Conyers' statement, his opening statement.    Mr. Johnson. Also, a statement from William Funk, Louis and Clark Law School; also a statement from the NAACP calling on EPA to set a strong final ozone standard highlighting disparities and health impacts from air pollution. And also a letter from 40 health labor faith-based environmental justice and frontline community organizations calling on the EPA to set a strong final ozone standard; also a letter from 16 public health and medical organizations opposing any attempts to block, weaken, or delay Clean Air Act protections; and last but not least, an article in The Hill entitled ``Arguing About the Cost of Regulation But Ignoring the Benefits,'' by Stewart Shapiro. I would ask that these be placed into the record by unanimous consent.*---------------------------------------------------------------------------    *Note: The material submitted by Mr. Johnson is not printed in this hearing record but is on file with the Subcommittee, and can be accessed at:      http://docs.house.gov/Committee/Calendar/      ByEvent.aspx?EventID=104126.