    Mr. Williams. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And thank you, Director Cordray, for your testimony today. I am a small business owner. I am one of those auto dealers. My father bought his first dealership when I was very young after moving to Texas to start a new life for his family.    When I got older, I chose to follow in his footsteps and have been in the automobile business for 44 years. Now, my daughter is running the business. Last week, in a Bloomberg News story you insinuated that auto dealers determine financing rates by eyeballing a customer. And that the practice was regrettable.    Let me tell you a quick story, and you have heard some stories like this. I had a single mother come into my dealership not long ago. She didn't have a lot of money for her downpayment and her credit was poor. And she had been turned away by her bank but needed a car to get to work, needed a car to take the kids to school.    Guess what, we didn't judge her based on the color of her skin or her ethnicity, or her gender. Our job that day was to get her into a car that was reliable and that she could afford.    Now myself, like everybody else in my industry, have hundreds of stories like this and most come out really, really well. And in my business, I have found in the years I have been in business, you have one thing at the end of the day when you go home and lock the door, and that is your reputation. And I wouldn't trade that for anything.    Now Director Cordray, Congress has directed a statute that the Federal Reserve Board and the Federal Trade Commission regulate dealers who are engaging in direct vehicle financing. Congress has also empowered the Federal Trade Commission and the Department of Justice to bring enforcement actions against auto dealers.    All 50 State attorneys general, as you would know, also enforce the Article of Statutes against auto dealers.    Mr. Williams. So the question I have is this: Do you recognize that in Section 1029 of the Dodd-Frank Act Congress preserved the exclusive authorities of these agencies to regulate auto dealers at the Federal level?    Mr. Williams. I hope you mean that because sometimes we don't feel it.    Mr. Williams. Okay. My second question is, do you further recognize that any effort by the Bureau that may impact auto dealers must be fully coordinated with the appropriate Federal regulatory agency in advance of that activity?    Mr. Williams. Third question: When the March 2013 auto finance guidance was issued did CFPB consolidate it with the FTC, the Fed, or the Justice Department beforehand?    Mr. Williams. Mr. Chairman, I remind my colleagues that over 5 years ago the dealer exemption in Dodd-Frank was vigorously debated and passed by Congress and passed by this committee. I think it is irrelevant whether or not a Member is for or against the CFPB eliminating dealer discounts in the showroom.    Congress has spoken clearly on this issue. I find it incredible myself that an agency which under Federal law has no supervisory, enforcement or regulatory authority over auto dealers is still attempting, I believe, to dictate the manner in which auto dealers are compensated and how much they should be compensated for facilitating an auto loan for their customers.    Mr. Williams. Thank you for being here today.    Mr. Chairman, I yield back.