    Mr. Polis. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Last week in Colorado I got to visit the school nutrition services at Poudre School District in my district, which serves schools in Fort Collins area. And at Poudre School District they serve healthy, often locally-grown fruits and vegetables to students as part of their Farm-o-School initiative. The leaders of this school nutrition service at PSD are thrilled with upgrading the federal regs. In fact, due, in fact, part to whole grains, they have been able to attract 10 percent more families back to opt in to the district lunch program.    As an example of what they are serving then, they put their menu and recipes up at PSDSchools.nutraslice.com, PSDSSchools@nutraslice.com. Today, they are serving a General Tso chicken and steamed broccoli. Yesterday was lasagna with veggies, rotini with roasted spring veggies, and chicken, and steamed vegetables.    They have really found that offering healthy and nutritious food in excess of the federal nutrition standards actually helps pull families back into participating, which improves the economic viability of their paid lunch program and, of course, as well through scale, their free and reduced lunch program. They are very excited about bringing healthier foods to students and helping instill positive eating habits in schools.    Another school district in Boulder Valley School District in my district in Colorado, working with Chef Ann Cooper and the Ann Cooper Foundation, has implemented a large-scale food change. As Chef Ann Cooper says, who is the head of nutrition food services for Boulder Valley School District, she says, ``I envision a time soon when being a chef working to feed children fresh, delicious and nourishing food will no longer be considered renegade.''    Mrs. McAuliffe, I was wondering if you could talk more about initiatives like those in Poudre School District and Boulder Valley School District and others that can be replicated and encouraged through a reauthorization of the child nutrition act?    Mr. Polis. And, again, one of the things that our school districts have found that is contrary to some of the testimony from the others is, by increasing nutrition standards, they actually got more families to participate in the lunch program.    I would also like to highlight a non-profit in my district called the Kitchen Community that has an approach to school gardens where kids actually grow their own food and it can provide 1 or 2 or 3 days' worth of nutrition. Both Boulder Valley School District and Poudre School District have implemented salad bars in every school, as well as vegetarian options.    These are the kinds of things that, if more districts did, and I wanted to address this to Ms. Bauscher, why aren't more districts doing this kind of thing on their own? Why are we even forced to talk about it here? Obviously, we are a big funder of this. Why aren't districts like ours getting more families to participate by launching salad bars, by making sure they have vegetarian options as more and more kids want them?    Mr. Polis. Well, reclaiming my time, but our districts have found is that they have more resources when they offer these things--