    Mr.  Brooks. I hope it will be short.    I am looking at what committee staff has given me, and tell me if I have got it correct, that this hearing does not include anything in the Near East but rather it is limited to East Asia and the Pacific?    Mr.  Brooks. That is correct. And according to committee staff notes, the Fiscal Year 2017 budget request increases funding for East Asia and the Pacific 11.9 percent. Is that accurate?    Mr.  Brooks. And you are familiar with the financial condition of Puerto Rico right now and how that is a major issue on Capitol Hill?    Mr.  Brooks. Of the existence of it. And you need to turn on your microphone. I am not sure if it is hitting the record very well.    Well, Puerto Rico, by way of example, has a debt that is unpaid, at risk of default that averages out to $20,000 per Puerto Rico resident, $20,000 apiece. In contract, America's per-capita debt approximates $60,000, again, $60,000 per person for the United States. We are looking at what is happening in Puerto Rico when it is $20,000.    And my question is with this kind of increase that you want to spend in faraway lands where America seems to be on a path to insolvency and bankruptcy without the will in Congress or in the White House to be financially responsible and properly manage our resources, what can you tell the constituents of my district, Alabama's 5th Congressional District, that would help convince them that this is a worthwhile expenditure given the rather precarious financial condition that their country is in and the increasing risk that America is going to suffer from a debilitating insolvency and bankruptcy?    Mr.  Brooks. Are you suggesting we have to pay them money to get them to buy our products?    Mr.  Brooks. So, as I understand it, your whole argument is based on potential trade arrangements----    Mr.  Brooks . With these nations?    Mr.  Brooks. Right, Mr. Russel, I appreciate your insight. I apologize for having to cut you off. But I can sense some antsy Congressmen because we have had votes called and we are nearing the point where we will miss the points and we have got to go over to the United States Capitol and the House Floor in order to cast those votes. If you want to add anything when we resume, that will be great. Unfortunately, I won't be here because I have other hearings. I have got Strat Forces Subcommittee and other things that are coming up that I will have to attend to after votes. But thank you for your insight.    Mr.  Brooks. Amen.    Mr.  Brooks. Absolutely.