    Mr. Harper. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Ms. McCabe, thank you.    You know, I come from a State where we rely heavily on electric co-ops to help keep lights on. I've been in close contact with them as the Clean Power Plan has been discussed, and I would like to share just one of their concerns today, if I may.    South Mississippi Electric. One of South Mississippi Electric's biggest concerns is the drastic and unproven shift to renewables in the final version of the Clean Power Plan that would require that 21 percent of SMEs generation come from renewables by 2030. If I could put that in perspective, SME just executed a power purchase agreement for all of the output of a 52 megawatt solar facility being constructed in Lamar County, Mississippi. The capital cost associated with this one solar facility is $102 million with a 30 percent tax credit. The output of the facility will total less than 1 percent of SME's total generation in a year. Therefore, to meet the 2030 emissions rate, over 21 of these facilities would be required at a cost in excess of $2 billion. To put that further in perspective, SME currently has just over $2 billion in assets that have been accumulated over about a 50-year time frame, and under this rule it would double in a mere decade.    So my question for you is, how will people in my State be able to afford costs associated with the dramatic shift from fossil generation to renewable energy generation set forth in the Clean Power Plan?    Mr. Harper. Trade as in cap and trade?    Mr. Harper. OK.    Mr. Harper. Here's what it appears. It appears that the President and the Environmental Protection Agency have, in effect, declared war on affordable energy for families in my State and throughout the country. And I want to remind you, and I know you know it, is what then Candidate Obama said in 2008. And I just want to repeat what he said, because we've addressed this on concerns on coal plants, as well. He said, ``So, if somebody wants to build,'' and this is President Obama when he was running in '08. ``So, if somebody wants to build a coal-powered plant, they can. It's just that it will bankrupt them because they're going to be charged a huge sum for all that greenhouse gas that's been emitted.'' Further, he said, ``Under my plan of a cap-and-trade system, electricity rates would necessarily skyrocket, even regardless of what I say about whether coal is good or bad, because I'm capping greenhouse gases, coal-powered plants, you know, natural gas, you name it, whatever the plants were, whatever the industry was, they would have to retrofit their operations. That will cost money. They will pass that money on to consumers, pass that cost on.''    So, when you were asked earlier by Mr. Pompeo about meetings that you would have had that were political meetings within the administration, have you ever had a political meeting with anyone in the administration, not the number, but have you ever had any?    Mr. Harper. I'm just curious, have you ever discussed this with President Obama himself?    Mr. Harper. Was this discussed?    Mr. Harper. My remaining time that I have, I'm going to yield to Mr. Griffith from Virginia.