    Mr. Lowenthal. From California. Thank you, Mr. Chair. And thank you, witnesses, for being here. And I apologize for coming a little late.    Last night as I was going through preparing for this, and I know we are kind of looking at both developing and developed nations and kind of--I was shocked by something, and it was the last paragraph of the memorandum that was put out by the chair of the committee, where it said that in the United States, fewer women are now completing technology engineering degrees than what occurred 30 years ago. So there are fewer now, and half of all that enter technology companies leave them by mid career. These are staggering statistics, and it really just knocked me for a loop when I read that.    And so what are we going to do from a policy standpoint here within the United States to really reverse this? Less than 30 years ago: It is just a shock. And I just want to know if you can help us, as we begin to kind of grapple with this, both the idea of both access, but also retention. How are we going to deal with this issue, and--which is just shocking, absolutely shocking. And I ask for any help, me not knowing kind of where to go from here.    Mr. Lowenthal. Not mine either, so you can say anything you want.    Mr. Lowenthal. Are there some things that you remember from that, that really stand out----    Mr. Lowenthal . Why we are going in the wrong--we are not even talking about being flat, we are talking about going in the wrong direction?    Mr. Lowenthal. I got it.    Mr. Lowenthal. Anybody else want to give some help?    Mr. Lowenthal. That is right. Rather than building, we are going in the wrong direction.    Mr. Lowenthal. And that is what is so shocking. I can understand beginning to build, to deal with some of these issues----    Mr. Lowenthal . But to be going in the wrong direction is just shocking.    Mr. Lowenthal. Well, thank you. Any other thoughts?    Mr. Lowenthal. Yes.    Mr. Lowenthal. And I think that is a wonderful reason for having this hearing, and I agree, but I think the narrative, just for us to be aware of just how serious the problem is in the United States, not just in developing nations when we are talking about developing nations, that we are going in the wrong direction real clearly, raises the red flag, that this is an amazing--you know, this is such an important area, that we need to be using our resources wisely, bringing all people into the system, and making sure that everyone really is able to function as we move forward.    And the fact that we are losing women and not having them go into the most important professions, and the data is clearly going in the wrong direction, is really cause for great alarm, great alarm.    Mr. Lowenthal. Yes.    Mr. Lowenthal. Thank you. And I yield back.