    Mr. REED. Thank you.    Chairwoman Radewagen, Ranking Member Moulton, and distinguished members of the Committee, my name is Morgan Reed, and I am the executive director of ACT, The App Association. I thank you for holding this important hearing on the impact of the app industry on mobile innovation for small businesses.    We represent more than 5,000 companies that create the apps used on smart devices around the globe. My goal today is to highlight the remarkable growth of the app industry and where it is headed.    We have three key findings for the Committee. First, app companies are succeeding in every region of the country, as you have all pointed out. Two, the growth of the app economy provides access to technology previously out of reach from many small business owners in rural and underserved communities. And three--here is where I am going to predict the future a little bit--the future of the app economy, including in your districts, will be in financial, enterprise, and in health.    In 2008, The App Store launched with only 500 apps. In seven years, the number of apps now exceeds four million across several different platforms, and the app economy has emerged as a $120 billion marketplace. Our industry research has consistently found that more than three-quarters of the top grossing apps are made by small companies, and 80 percent are based in the U.S. And as you noted, 77 percent are based outside of Silicon Valley. And while we all love Silicon Valley, I think it is a very important thing, especially as we are sitting on this Committee, to understand that spread and that capability that the app economy is producing.    But, you know, those are just numbers, so let us get a little bit more specific.    Chairwoman, you have already mentioned the app is called Kavagram, and it is done by a gentleman, Sonny Stevenson. And he did it, as you pointed out, to spread Polynesian artwork, allowing you to edit photos, decorate them with designs and images. It really borrows from the Instagram theme, and it has really been a huge hit. Several NFL players have been using it and putting out some pretty amazing photos using the app from Sonny.    Ranking Member Moulton, you have one of my favorite app companies in your district. It is called Playrific. With more than 50 employees, Playrific builds amazing kids' apps, like Pink Chillies, the Magical Elephant Game, which lets you build puzzles, test your memory. They are doing just a great job in a really safe environment for kids, and it is worth pointing out, 50 employees is a real job creator.    More importantly, every single one of your districts has a bricks-and-mortar small business that is using mobile to manage their point of sale, to manage their expenses, to help with customer relations, and improve customer service in the field.    Now, the future of that mobile app economy is not necessarily just in those apps in the store but in the apps being used in your place of business. If you think of it this way, your mobile device then becomes the place in the repository for all of your information on your customer, something called customer relations management. It tells you when you last met with them, what was your sale. When you go into that meeting with a customer, you possess in your hands for the first time what did they last buy? When did they last talk to you? All of that information that makes for rich customer relations can be right in front of you on your mobile device. Your training documents, and as we say most importantly, your sales material for that next big deal.    Now we step to the next place in health. Right now, we all know about wearables. I think at least three of the four of us have wearables on right now. And what we know about them is that your wearable device collects amazing information. But your next step is your doctor is going to speak to you through an app, and they are going to be able to see in near real time, the information off your wearable. And God forbid you are in an ambulance. The ambulance will be able to send information to the emergency room via an app called Airstrip, which is already in the market, to keep tabs on your vitals, to make sure your emergency room is ready the moment you land.    Well, what makes these apps possible? There is some obvious stuff--the network, devices, storefronts--but I would say the biggest element is trust. Cloud technology that provides remote data storage is the lifeblood of the mobile economy. It allows users to access and share from any location.    And if trust is a key building block, then loss of trust is the destructive kryptonite. Small businesses must be able to protect the data of their customers whose trust they have worked so hard to earn, so strong encryption, something, by the way, OPM did not have, is critical. We ask that you take seriously any government efforts to weaken security measures.    Just as troubling, the Department of Justice is currently requiring American companies to break the law overseas, forcing them to give data stored on foreign nationals at datacenters abroad without approval of the host country. We encourage you to support the LEEDS Act, which would provide a clear legal framework for law enforcement agencies.    And finally, while small businesses must have the ability to protect their intellectual property, they also need help pushing back on patent abusers. H.R. 9, the Innovation Act, restores trust by including strong measures to ensure transparency in patent ownership, clarify what is and is not infringement, and allow defendants to recover legal costs.    I thank you again for the opportunity to testify, and I look forward to your questions.    Chairwoman RADEWAGEN. Now, Mr. Barrett.    Mr. REED. Oh, I am confident that it will continue to grow exponentially simply because look at the number of devices that people have. This last year, we reached a point where connected devices in the United States exceeds the population of the United States. One of the things to realize is that the next generation of cars will all be connected devices. You have heard of the whole connected car movement. Well, now, every single car is going to come with its own series of applications and its own connection. So there is no question that the explosion is going to happen.    What I think is more exciting is, as much as I love cool games, and we have a ton of members making cool games, I think it is really the way that mobile devices are going to empower Ms. Gray and others are the place where that exponential growth is going to be the most significant.    Chairwoman RADEWAGEN. You mentioned that some small businesses are using apps for inventory tracking instead of expensive software programs. How do these apps compare in terms of the quality, features, and ease of use as compared to a program used on a desktop?    Mr. REED. Well, it is a great opportunity to sit here next to Mr. Barrett, who is, in fact, one of those generating an application, as he said, that completely alters the paradigm. That is what is so amazing.    So as you know, before, you would sit down at your desktop computer. You would have your stack of expenses, and you would sit there typing away. Well, with a product like Expensify--I am going to be your salesman today--you literally take your phone, you click it, and it shows up. So the idea of how it changes--and I thought Dr. Green, her point was exactly right--the fact that that is only still at somewhere under 20 percent, that is this hockey stick growth that we are going to see, because an app like his does not just do better or cheaper than the desktop equivalent; it literally changes the paradigm by adding features, like the ability to take a photograph, the ability to combine it together, and then move it to a desktop product that allows you to file your taxes, that allows you to--hopefully not independent state sales tax in 7,000 districts--but that is where you really see that hockey stick growth. It is right there. It is from products like his, and from what Dr. Greene talked about, and the way that Ms. Gray said that she would like to incorporate them in her practice.    Chairwoman RADEWAGEN. Thank you, Mr. Reed.    Dr. Greene, what do you consider to be the major hurdles to small businesses utilizing apps in a constructive manner to increase a small business's efficiency?    Mr. REED. I think one of the things that I think she mentioned, that this committee of particular jurisdiction has some interesting efforts on a very good story about figuring out how do you get mobile apps to be built? When we had our fly-in, we had a person come who had tried to reach out for an SBA small business loan, and he went through a process where he went to, I think, 19 banks. He is a great entrepreneur, incredibly successful. One of the banks said something I thought was amazing. Said, ``You know what? You are a great guy. We know you will be successful. If you were coming here to build a gas station, I would write you a check. But because I do not know how within the confines of the SBA to properly fund your clearly, likely to be successful mobile application, I cannot give you the money.''    And so while I completely agree with Ms. Gray that barriers to entry are a huge part of it, the government has the ability to write a check. And when it says I will write a check for a gas station but I will not write it for an app that will grow and employ 150 people, that is when I have a problem.