    Mr. Johnson. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and welcome everyone to this very riveting issue. Judicial review of final agency action is a hallmark of administrative law and is critical to ensuring that agency action does not harm or adversely affect the public.    As the Supreme Court clarified recently, this significant policy concern has long supported a general rule favoring judicial review of agency action for arbitrariness and abuse of discretion subject only to rare exceptions. But as the Supreme Court held in Chevron v. Natural Resources Defense Council, reviewing courts may only invalidate an agency action when it violates a constitutional provision, or when the agency's rule exceeds its statutory authority to issue the rule as clearly expressed by Congress.    For the past 30 years, this seminal decision has required deference to the substantive expertise and political accountability of Federal agencies. Professor Ron Levin, chair of the Judicial Review Committee for the Administrative Conference Of the United States, explains that this doctrine is born from principles of separation of powers, noting that it ``recognizes that Congress often decides to entrust policymaking authority in certain areas when it does so, and the agency acts within the scope of that delegation as the court understands it, a court is obliged to honor the legislature's expectations by upholding a rational exercise of that authority, even where the agency reaches a conclusion that the reviewing court would not have reached.''    Although Chevron has taken on talismanic qualities in recent years, courts retain an important role in determining whether an agency action is permissible or arbitrary and capricious under the Administrative Procedure Act.    In 2011, the court indicated that at the very least, there is substantial overlap between the second step of Chevron and ``hard look reviewing,'' under the APA. And while there is no shortage of debate on the principles of judicial deference as the American Bar Association administrative law section noted in 2012, Judicial Review largely remains stable today concluding that, ``Debate on these principles continues, but the prevailing system works reasonably well, and no need for legislative intervention to revise these principles is apparent.''    I similarly oppose any attempt to abolish judicial deference through legislation. While I consider myself an ardent protector of the courts, it is a well-established doctrine that the province of the courts is deciding matters of the law, not substantive matters specifically delegated to agencies by Congress.    Since the 112th Congress, many of the majority's deregulatory bills we have considered will enlist generalist courts to supplant the expertise and political accountability of agencies in the rulemaking process. Compare this approach with other deregulatory bills passed by Congress which would greatly diminish judicial review over deregulatory actions. For example, the House adopted an amendment to H.R. 8, the ``North American Energy Security and Infrastructure Act of 2015,'' which reduced the statute of limitations for judicial review to just 90 days for certain energy claims. Immunizing certain energy projects from public accountability. In other words, the majority wants it both ways.    When it benefits corporate interest, the regulatory legislation dramatically increases the judicial review of new regulations, threatening to impose years of delay and untold cost on taxpayers. When it benefits the public or our environment, deregulatory legislation closes the courthouse doors through sweeping restrictions on the court's inability to provide relief. So we have one set of rules for consumers, and one set of rules for corporations.    These proposals, which are transparently the design of the donor class to minimize their exposure to legal accountability, are just another example of how some not only want to allow the fox to guard the chicken coop, they want the fox to install the chicken wire as well.    In closing, I look forward to testimony from our esteemed panel. Pardon my attempt at humor. I thank the witnesses for their testimony, and I yield back.    Mr. Johnson. Thank you.    On occasion, Congress passes broad and open-ended laws leaving it to Federal agencies to fill the gaps of delegated authority through regulation. This has been the case since the times, 1790's that you cited, Professor Turley.    Do you believe that the level of public safety regulation in 1790 is appropriate--is an appropriate benchmark to compare today's administrative process to?    Mr. Johnson. Well, do you think that the legislature, then, should draft more specific legislation? Is that the solution rather than judicial scrutiny? Can we apportion some of the blame that we are assessing to the judicial branch through the legislative branch in terms of its inability to formulate a strict, all-encompassing, legislation that needs no rulemaking?    Mr. Johnson. Is it practical? Is that practical, though----    Mr. Johnson . In this Congress?    Mr. Turley.--I think obviously agencies are going to have interpretive roles. There's application to laws that are going to deal with questions that this body cannot answer. What I think is dangerous about Chevron is the assumption that there's an applied delegation of Congress to have agencies perform this legislative role. That's what I reject. I think that's a very dangerous presumption to make, because it robs this institution of a very important role. Congress is so vital to that tripartite system, because it's in this body where factional disputes results in majoritarian compromise, at least ideally they do. But this is where that magic is supposed to happen. If you shift the center of gravity over to agencies performing a legislative role away from you, that doesn't have the same impact politically the Framers wanted.    Mr. Johnson. Okay. Thank you.    Professor Hammond, what is your response to Professor Turley's remarks?    Mr. Johnson. Thank you.    Professor Beermann, as a general matter, do you endorse enhanced judicial review when it comes to deregulatory actions?    Mr. Johnson. Yes or no?    Mr. Johnson. All right. My time is up. Thank you.    I yield back.