    Mrs. Miller. Well, thank you very much, Chairman. I am delighted to call you that. As I think most people know, I am going to be not seeking reelection at the end of this term. I am a Michigan girl. Time for me to go home to Michigan, to the world's 2 most beautiful grandchildren.    But at any rate, I had thought about this a bit, and talking to Chairman McCaul, who indicated that he had an interest in appointing you in the next Congress to the Chairmanship for this subcommittee. I told him: Look, there is nobody better.    It is incredible the passion that you have for the border, not only the Southern Border but the Northern Border. I appreciate, particularly with Mr. Higgins sitting next to you, reminding the subcommittee as we go forward and into the next future Congresses how important all of our borders are certainly.    But I have had an opportunity to travel with you, down to your beautiful district, and talk to a lot of your folks down there. About a year ago this time, we took a group of us down to the border.    When we think about border issues and what a critical component it is of our National security, our homeland security, I just thought that having you take the Chairmanship early on here would make for a much smoother transition. I am just absolutely delighted, when we think about the background that you have, Bronze Star recipient, I think 25, 26 years in the military, you and I have fought together for the A-10. I will tell you what, I would go into battle with you anywhere, all day long, all day long.    So this subcommittee has a fantastic reputation on the Hill for doing very vigorous oversight. I know that will continue under your Chairmanship and your leadership. I think, as you mentioned, the Visa Waiver Program, that piece of legislation signed into law already, and other kinds of things, the CBP authorization, all of these and more, huge challenges that our Nation faces.    I know I leave this Chairmanship in exceptionally good hands. I look forward to continuing to work with you for the remainder of this Congress. Anything I can do, just call Michigan after that.    Thanks very much, and good luck.