    Mr. Norquist. Thank you very much.    Mr. Norquist. Okay? Thank you.    Grover Norquist from Americans for Tax Reform. Thank you, Chairman, the Ranking Member.    One of the challenges we have in taxation is that politicians love to tax people who can't vote against them. The British did this and it caused them some trouble, but in the states people like to try and tax people who live in other states and can't vote against them or people who fly into their town briefly and leave and don't vote and don't make campaign contributions. And that's a challenge because, one, it violates the whole concept of taxation without representation and it doesn't allow any sort of tax; it undermines tax competition between the states. It is what keeps state taxes more reasonable than they'd otherwise be and efforts to allow people to tax across state lines, such as taxing online sales, businesses in a different state on the other side of the country allows you to tax, audit, harass a business who cannot vote against you and its employees cannot vote against you, and it's safe to beat up on them.    I've heard some conversation about states' rights. States don't have rights. States don't have rights. People have rights. States exercise power. It's often abused against the people in their state. That's not a good thing, but we ought to limit that abuse to people in the state. They can raise the taxes on the people who live and work in the state. But, to export that tax to other people to reduce the opposition to tax increases is problematic. The bills put forward today, a number of them they make very good progress in that direction to make sure that the taxpayers are not whacked repeatedly by different taxing entities and by places that they can't vote on the political leaders who impose those higher taxes.    I'm certainly here to endorse and support H.R. 1643, the ``Digital Goods and Services Tax Fairness Act of 2015;'' H.R. 2315, the ``Mobile Workforce State Income Tax Simplification Act of 2015;'' and H.R. 2584, the ``Business Activity Tax Simplification Act of 2015.'' All three begin the process of making it more difficult for politicians to export taxes onto people who do not have a voice in their elections.    The discussion that Chairman Goodlatte has put forward on Hybrid Origin I think is a very good start. Origin sourcing rather than allowing states, where states only talk to taxpayers in their own state instead of going after taxpayers and businesses and individuals in other states, is a very good discipline on potential abuses by state and local governments. Cities and states that have taxed their citizens and their businesses so badly that they fled to other states are now looking for a way to throw a harpoon into those that have escaped and try and drag back tax dollars. That has to stop. These are important steps in the right direction.    There have been efforts in the past by states and cities that have so abused their citizens they've left that they want to be able to figure out how to tax them anyway. Those efforts, such as the Fairness Act, which is neither fair, to allow people to tax across state lines and to empower states to do that are moving in the wrong direction. The series of suggestions here move in the right direction.    I would also add one that either you might be looking at in the future or the transportation department, but H.R. 1528, the End Discriminatory State Taxes for Automobile Renters, introduced by Representative Sam Graves and Steve Cohen. That's one that bans Discriminatory Taxes on car rentals. If you rent a car from an airport, you know that the local politicians love to lard it up with lots of taxes because you're just flying into the city and leaving. You're not going to be voting on them, but people do that and, depending on whichever city or state you're going into, you get whacked with a whole bunch of discriminatory taxes forbidding that interference with interstate commerce as we do with other methods of transportation falls into the category of what you're working on here. And I think I would recommend as an important of legislation.    Thank you.    Mr. Norquist. Well, if Pennsylvania had reasonable gasoline taxes, he would fuel-up in Pennsylvania and that would solve the problem. A lot of what the advocates and defenders of incompetent governors and incompetent mayors have been doing is saying we can't reform our government to cost less; we can't have reasonable tax laws. So because our taxes are too high, we really object to the fact that other states and cities who are competently governed, they have lower taxes, and people prefer to work, save, invest, and purchase things there.    It is a distraction when politicians lust after pennies in the cushions of the sofa instead of looking at how to reform government so it costs less in the first place and politicians have been chasing after, trying to nickel and dime the new economy whether it is taxing Uber or Airbnb or the Internet. And at some point, they should govern and figure out how to do things more effectively and have taxes that are competitive with competently-run entities.    Mr. Norquist. The Marketplace Fairness Act?    Mr. Norquist. Well, online purchases can be taxed by the state where the business exists. Most states have chosen not to do that because then they would have to, if you are in Maine, you would have to tax L.L. Bean's sales, which you could do. Every sale in Maine, L.L. Bean could be taxed by Maine. They choose not to.    So politicians don't want to mug the guy in their state because they vote.    Mr. Norquist. From citizens in their state or in their town?    Mr. Norquist. They can legally do that to the citizens in their state. What they are not allowed to do is go across the state lines and tax somebody in another state.    Mr. Norquist. From the business in another state.    Mr. Norquist. Right.    Mr. Norquist. Yes.    Look, states, local governments, have the power to tax their own citizens and they can abuse them as much as they can get away with and still get elected in the next election. But you can't have----    Mr. Norquist. Because they are exporting their state power into another state and it leads to tremendous opportunities for auditing harassment.    Hi, here's a memo from the State of Alabama to the business in New York. We think you owe us $100,000 in sales tax. Here's another letter, which is a financial contribution request from the Attorney General of the state. If you fill this form out, you can disregard the other one.    Mr. Norquist. Sure.    Mr. Norquist. I would be delighted.    Mr. Norquist. Yes.    The target of politicians who want to be able to raise taxes on people who can't vote against them was never really online sales or sales taxes. I served on the commission that you guys set up to think through back in the 90's how do we tax the Internet or Internet sales. And one discussion was, well, what if we taxed Internet sales but we passed BATSA and the advocates of higher taxes said, ``Oh, no. Are you kidding? There is no money to be had taxing sales tax as we want. We want to be able to tax business activity across state lines.''    So while they are nice to have this small amount of money that they can garner from people in other states and businesses in other states from online sales, so-called ``Marketplace Fairness Act,'' which we strongly oppose, they also don't want BATSA because they want to reach across state lines on corporate and income taxes as well.    Mr. Norquist. I think that Congress certainly could make things a lot worse. They have a track record that suggests this happens from time to time and the Marketplace Fairness Act would empower states against citizens and businesses in other states. So that would be moving in the wrong direction, but a number of these bills all move in the right direction in simplifying what is going on and making sure that states only tax citizens that actually live and work in their states.    Mr. Norquist. And vote.    Mr. Norquist. Well, do you mean cities and states raise taxes and take money from people who earned it?    Mr. Norquist. You are looking at states and cities or individuals?    Mr. Norquist. I guess you could look at it that way, but everybody and the Army would be a taker then.    Mr. Norquist. I am not sure it is a useful concept but, yes.    Mr. Norquist. We are going to have to come up with a different word than donor because, as I understand it, tax collection is not a voluntary activity.    Mr. Norquist. Well, I think you want the workforce to be as mobile as possible. You want it to be, for people to travel across state lines and across city lines, as easily as possible. You want to reduce the total regulatory paperwork on how people handle this stuff. And there are very real abuses where, you know, the government says we think you thought of something in California and you moved to Nevada and you invented it there, and they chase after people for years and years to tax--they were doing their thinking in California.    I think that it is very dangerous if governments can, again, reach out into people who largely live in other states and easily raise taxes on them because there isn't the capacity to vote against those elected officials. A lot of people in New York who do some of their work outside of the state, I think bright lines that make it easier for people to travel and work and not feel they are going to end up getting, you know, gone after by the government is probably a good idea.    Mr. Norquist. At some point I do. Does somebody want to - -    Mr. Norquist. I do, but I will wait.