    Mrs. Ellmers. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank you to our ranking member also, for allowing me to be part of this important subcommittee hearing on this very timely issue. And to our panel, thank you for being here today.    And I just want to point out a couple of things. One, in October, looking at this issue and knowing the importance of it moving forward, especially when it comes to vaccine production, I had the honor of hosting a roundtable discussion in the Research Triangle. Dr. Midthun and Dr. Robinson, thank you again for participating in that very important discussion. We learned a lot from that. As we all know, Chairman Upton is leading the 21st Century Cures Initiative, and the vaccine space fits right in there. And I am working on very important legislation right now to actually bolster vaccine production and bring vaccines to market. As we know, it is very, very important. And I have also the honor of having the facility in Holly Springs, North Carolina, which has been referred to already, which will be addressing the issue of seasonal and pandemic vaccine production, using the cell culture technology. Very important to my district. And I also want to point out, and I think this is something that we need to look at into the future when we are trying to solve these problems. This was a public-private partnership between Novartis, HHS, and BARDA. So, again, thank you all for your input today. This is a very, very difficult situation, but I believe that we can get ahead of it and we can move forward, and we can identify ways that we can improve upon this process.    Dr. Schuchat, I have a question for you. In the legislation that I am working on right now, my bill, we create mechanisms to help increase the communication and sharing between the CDC and industry, and ways that we can get that information out to impact public health. In your opinion, how can the CDC work more closely in partnership with industry to reduce the risk and uncertainty of investing in the novel vaccines?    Mrs. Ellmers. Um-hum.    Mrs. Ellmers. Um-hum.    Mrs. Ellmers. Um-hum.    Mrs. Ellmers. Um-hum.    Mrs. Ellmers. Um-hum.    Mrs. Ellmers. Dr. Midthun, again, thank you for being here, and again, thank you for being a participant in the roundtable discussion that I had back in the District in October. As we are looking at vaccine manufacturers to more readily export vaccines from the U.S. and make them available to people around the world, again, the legislation that we are working on right now helps to expedite the licensure process. In addition to expediting export licenses, what else can the FDA do to help speed up production and approval on delivery of flu vaccine availability?    Mrs. Ellmers. Um-hum.    Mrs. Ellmers. Um-hum.    Mrs. Ellmers. Um-hum.    Mrs. Ellmers. Sure.    Mrs. Ellmers. Um-hum.    Mrs. Ellmers. Um-hum.    Mrs. Ellmers. Um-hum.    Mrs. Ellmers. Um-hum.    Mrs. Ellmers. Thank you. And one last comment that I would like to make, Mr. Chairman, if you would indulge me. One of the concerns that was raised by Mr. Tonko from New York, having to do with the issues that our families are dealing with, with sick children and having to take time off of work, I would advocate for my good friend, Martha Roby from Alabama, she has a wonderful bill, Working Families Flexibility Act, that actually addresses this issue and allows our workforce to be able to take part in the availability and ability to use overtime and bank it so that in the event that pediatric appointments need to be made, or any of these things, families can make those choices. So I would advocate to the co-sponsorship of that bill. It is a very good bill, and it addresses the very issues that we are talking about today.    Mrs. Ellmers. So thank you, Mr. Chairman, and I----    Mrs. Ellmers . Yield back.