    Mr. O'Rourke. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Heard, I appreciated you beginning by saying that you concur with the findings and the recommendations, and you then said that you're working on policy and training programs to come into compliance. How long before you will be where you should be and where the GAO can come back to us and say clean bill of health for the VA on these issues that we uncovered?    Mr. O'Rourke. Can I ask you a question? Did you not, after reading this report, meet with whoever's responsible for correcting this and say: ``I want to get these things done by this date,'' or, ``Here are the issues. When can you get them done? Great. Here's the commitment.'' Did that take place and you just don't happen to have that date with you today, or have you not had that conversation?    Mr. O'Rourke. It would be a good thing to do, right?    Mr. O'Rourke. Yes. When do you plan on having that conversation at which you will establish the deadline that you will commit to and bring back to us so that we can hold you accountable for that?    Mr. O'Rourke. Okay. Appreciate that.    Do you know for the last fiscal year what the total in fees paid through the IAA program is?    Mr. O'Rourke. Does the GAO happen to know?    Mr. O'Rourke. And is there a way to extrapolate based on those averages and say we think this much went through and these were the average percentages paid and so it could be this?    Mr. O'Rourke. Okay.    So, Mr. Heard, I'll ask for that number for the record, and I don't know if the chairman knows, but you have so many days.    Or is there a deadline for witnesses to get back to us? Okay. Great. There's a deadline for us to ask the questions for the record. Okay.    So we'll just ask that question today, ask that you get back to us within a week.    Mr. O'Rourke. Okay. Appreciate that.    On trying to put this into context, another question for the GAO. Do you or your colleagues at GAO see similar problems in accounting and reporting in other agencies or departments? Is this a problem through the Federal Government, or do we find this to be pretty specific at the VA?    Mr. O'Rourke. And then I have a question both for you and for Mr. Heard on a specific example that is used to illustrate the problem in your report, and it's the Defense Logistics Agency, where it turns out VA was paying a percent more than they would have if they had used their own acquisition agency. And it wasn't--I don't know if it was uncovered until you uncovered it.    What I want to get at is, do we know what the total cost of that was to the taxpayer, the difference, that 1 percent? What did that amount to?    Mr. O'Rourke. And for how long was that contract in place?    Mr. O'Rourke. So DLA should have just kept their fee the same. They could have kept that $60,000 in their pocket.    Mr. O'Rourke. Another question on the numbers and the scope. Do we know how many instances--is there any way to know how many instances like this DLA one occurred over the last so many years and what the total cost to the taxpayer was? In this case it was $60,000 a year.    Mr. O'Rourke. And, Mr. Heard, is that an answerable question? Does the data exist for you and your team to go back and find out?    Mr. O'Rourke. Okay. I don't know if I understand that, but if there is the ability to, for the committee, document total lost opportunities or costs borne by the taxpayer that were unnecessary because you could have acquired it in-house like this DLA example, I'd love to know it. But if not, this DLA example I think is illustrative of the problem that you have there. And just the fact that it's unknowable, I think, invites additional skepticism. So I think it's within the VA's interest to answer that if you can.    I yield back to the chair.    Mr. O'Rourke. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Heard, how would you respond to additional budget pressure related to these two programs, the federally funded research and development program, and these interagency agreement programs?    I don't know what is going to happen at tomorrow's hearing, and I don't know what is going to happen with this $3 billion budget shortfall, but if the Secretary comes back and says I need to find these kinds of savings across the board throughout the department, how would that change your view of how essential FFRDCs are and these additional fees that you are paying on these interagency agreements? In other words, are there savings there? How would you respond to that?    Mr. O'Rourke. Yes. And I appreciated the comments earlier about the larger context in government, and we have these FFRDCs that serve other Federal departments and agencies. We have some of these similar issues in other agencies and departments. And certainly--I also sit on the Armed Services Committee. Lots of examples there where we overpay and don't get perhaps the best bang for taxpayer dollars. So.    But today we are focused on the VA, and tomorrow we are going to hear about this $3 billion shortfall. And I have got to think that not knowing the total value of fees paid or just in that one $60,000 annual example that the GAO uncovered, that if we extrapolate might be much, much larger than that, perhaps there is not enough pressure today to uncover savings or check these contracts or even know if we have contracts in place, as the chairman has helped us uncover in other hearings.    So that is just, I guess, a point I would like to make and a question I would like for the VA to think about, which is, certainly Congress could appropriate more money or shift money out of a program like Choice to fund a budget shortfall, but perhaps there are savings within agencies and departments under VA right now, including in these fees that we're paying in these FFRDCs; and it is hard to get a concise, compelling answer from you or Ms. Foster--and it may just be a difficult, complex issue to articulate--about the value of them. And why are we paying this much? And what of that could we bring in-house? And what is essential and what is not when we are facing these shortfalls and have these other crises in the VA.    So I appreciate your answers, and I am looking forward to the two things you committed to me within a week on the record, your deadline that we can count on and hold you accountable for, for fixing these problems, and then the total paid in interagency fees within the last fiscal year. And I have your commitment to get those within a week?    Mr. O'Rourke. I would like to know all fees. What does this cost the VA annually? And the thing that I don't think we could get to but I would love to know is, how many examples like that 1 percent extra, $60,000 a year in that one contract, are we seeing?    And the other was just your deadline, your commitment for we will fix and address and be where we want to be per the GAO's findings by this date.    Mr. O'Rourke. Got you. When do you think you could come back to this committee, either in person or writing, and tell us what the deadline is?    Mr. O'Rourke. So by September 1?    Mr. O'Rourke. We would have a commitment from you I'm going to fix these----    Mr. O'Rourke. I appreciate that. Thank you, Mr. Chair.