    Mr. Gallagher. Thank you for the chairman, thank you for the question, Mr. Chairman. A couple of items on this. Now first, DoD is conducting exit surveys for participants in the Transition Assistance Program. Overall the feedback has been generally positive from what the VFW has seen. Now to do our own due diligence we also had a survey of recently transitioned servicemembers asking for their feedback on the Transition Assistance Program. A little bit of what we found from our respondents is that 65 percent reported that overall they were very satisfied with the level of training that they received. Only five percent reported that they were dissatisfied. Although the response, the sampling was very small, we hit major installations like, major combat installations like Fort Campbell, Fort Bragg, Hood, Camp Pendleton, and so on.    Now as far as the Department of Labor briefing, 72 percent found it very useful, 26 somewhat useful. And 68 percent reported very likely to use the resources after they separated. Now the problem with this is that it does not capture what happens in the out years. This is what we were talking about in our testimony about the DoD, the importance of the Department of Defense and Department of Labor information sharing agreement. Department of Labor does want to track veterans once they separate from the military and what their employment interactions are like but they do not have consistent access to the information from when servicemembers leave the military and become veterans.    Also with the Off Base Transition Training Program, I think that is why we think this is an important investment. OBTT has the potential to reach veteran who never had an opportunity to go through TAP, which is the majority of the veteran population. I know when I left the military it still was not mandatory. The mandate is only hitting people who are going through it now. And also, that is not necessarily even the right time to ask those questions because you do not know the challenges you will face until after you leave.    There are some issues with the current population survey and how the Bureau of Labor Statistics identifies veterans within the workforce. There are some tweaks we could make there to make it more beneficial. But there, we have a long way to go before properly evaluating the effectiveness of TAP and the long term employment of veterans.    Mr. Gallagher. Ranking Member Takano, I just had an opportunity to visit with some of the transition facilitators as we do our routine site visits. And just from speaking to some of the contractors who facilitate this, I think they are doing a good job of that already. I think the contractor is hiring quality individuals who want to deliver quality training. Some of them that we speak, most of them that we speak to are veterans themselves or veteran family members, and of those veterans most of them are recently transitioned. So whatever they are doing to recruit these personnel they, in my opinion they seem to be doing a good job.    Now retaining them in the long term and evaluating their effectiveness may be a different story. One of the concerns that we do have is the rigidity of the contract, especially when it comes to integrating community resources like VSOs, like DVOPs, and LVERs, who could provide the landscape around that military installation, what the employment situation is. I think that is why we are asking the committee to take a look at the rigidity of the contract and whether there is any flexibility that could be worked in to put those resources back in where appropriate.