    Mr. Hultgren. Thank you, Chairman.    Thank you, Chairman Burns, for being here today. Nuclear energy is very important for my home state in Illinois, and with increasing burdensome regulatory regime being proposed by EPA, nuclear energy is still the only viable zero-emission-based-load power source with arbitrary cups that our states are being forced to implement. Just maintaining our current fleet is vital to be able to hit these mandates. But there's more we could be doing to put America in a place to lead the world and the next generation of advanced reactors. Where are our reactors go, our regulatory structure goes with them. We need to be aware of this and we need to get a foothold in our nations if we'll be able to export these technologies in the future. For this to happen, we need a regulatory structure that seamlessly allows for the informed licensing of these facilities down the road.    Chairman Burns, I appreciate your commentary on my legislation, and I do have some questions about where the line is drawn between the DOE and the NRC authority to regulate a facility. You said in your written testimony, and I quote, that ``NRC would not have regulatory authority over reactors located in DOE-owned facilities that are used for the purpose of collecting data for research, testing of materials, or testing of fuels.''    At the same time, you say you would have authority over a facility that is operated in a manner for the purpose of demonstrating the suitability for commercial application of a power generation facility. I wondered, where is the line drawn if we are researching new materials? Does it become NRC jurisdiction if they are just trying to proof-of-concept work for something down the road? At the early stage we are certainly trying to establish the properties of new material and fuel but when does NRC consider this research to be for commercial application?    Mr. Hultgren. Okay. Well, if we could maybe follow up on that some more?    Mr. Hultgren. There is concern there, and we want to make sure----    Mr. Hultgren. --we do that well.    Let me move on. My time's going by fast. Does NRC consider things like the time value of money or opportunity costs of lost development in the United States when forming regulation?    Mr. Hultgren. Let me wrap up one last question. How does the NRC anticipate changes in technologies so that the regulatory process can be responsive to innovation, and tied to that, does the NRC funding structure limit the Commission's ability to accommodate innovation?    Mr. Hultgren. Well, it's--my time's expired, so we can follow up maybe with other things.    Mr. Hultgren. No, that's fine. I just was wondering about the NRC funding structure, does it limit the Commission's ability to accommodate innovation. So it's 90 percent funded by licensees. I wondered if that limit the Commission's ability to accommodate innovation. We may follow up with written questions if that's all right.    Mr. Hultgren. With that, my time's expired, Mr. Chairman. I yield back. Thank you.    Mr. Hultgren. Why don't we just communicate with your office, if that's all right?    Mr. Hultgren. We'll get some questions to you if you don't mind responding to those. We just want to get some clarification there and make sure again we're recognizing how innovation is so important but also how regulation can either encourage innovation or hinder it, and we want to make sure that while we're doing everything to keep things safe, we're also doing everything to see potential advancement and taking a leadership role in the world.    So thanks, Chairman. I'll yield back, but we will follow up with some written questions. Thank you.