    Ms. Searight. Thank you so much for this opportunity to talk about regional reactions to the Arbital Tribunal ruling.    Just a little bit over 2 months ago on July 12th, the Arbital Tribunal, under the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea, or UNCLOS, issued its landmark ruling in the case brought by the Philippines against China involving maritime rights and entitlements in the South China Sea.    In the weeks and months that have followed, the reaction to the ruling by the parties involved and others have played out more or less as expected.    But what was very unexpected was the breadth and the decisiveness of the ruling itself, which delivered an overwhelming legal victory to the Philippines and, by logical extension, to other claimants in the South China Sea in a decisive legal defeat to China.    In essence, the ruling does four things. First, it ruled that China's nine-dash line is not consistent with the Law of the Sea and invalidated Beijing's claims to historic rights throughout the nine-dash line.    Second, features in the South China Sea are, at most, entitled to only 12 nautical mile territorial zones and do not generate 200-mile exclusive economic zones or continental shelves.    Third, the panel found that China infringed on the traditional fishing rights of Filipinos by not allowing them to fish at Scarborough Shoal.    And fourth, the tribunal held that China's in violation of its obligations under UNCLOS to preserve and protect the marine environment, finding that it created massive environmental damage through its reclamation activities.    Now, the reactions to the ruling were very much predictable and predicated in most ways. China reacted swiftly and predictably, denouncing the tribunal as unjust and unlawful, declaring the award as null and void and has no binding force.    And Former State Counselor Dai Bingguo, in a visit to DC just before the ruling, said that the ruling would be treated as just a piece of trash paper.    The international community, led by the United States, including Japan, Australia, New Zealand and Canada, all put out very strong statements underscoring that the ruling was final and legally binding on both parties.    And, also of note, India put out a relatively strong statement as well. The ASEAN reactions to the ruling were also rather predictable, with Vietnam, Singapore, Malaysia and, somewhat surprisingly, Myanmar, using language that originated in the Sunnylands declaration in support for resolving disputes peacefully through ``diplomatic and legal processes'' in accordance with international law and UNCLOS.    Indonesia and Thailand also put out statements that were somewhat less robust, and the Philippines gave a very low-key response to its resounding legal victory. President Duterte had previously signaled that he wanted to move toward a soft landing with China.    So, Manila signaled its willingness to move forward to find a way forward toward talks to resolve the disputes and President Duterte dispatched Former President Fidel Ramos to Hong Kong to meet with Chinese officials.    These talks did not appear to yield any real progress, and there is still a major disagreement between the Philippines and China over whether the ruling should be the basis for any talks to resolve competing claims.    Duterte has also done a number of things, as Chairman Salmon elucidated. He has made clear that he wants the Philippines to have a more independent foreign policy. But what that precisely means I think is still being--still being played out.    The ASEAN reaction as a whole, as a grouping, ASEAN failed to project real unity in its response. It did not release a joint statement in the immediate aftermath.    It did have a joint communique that was issued 2 weeks later when the foreign ministers of ASEAN met in Vientiane, Laos, and this joint communique had a very long section on the South China Sea, which acknowledged concerns by some ministers on land reclamation and escalation of activities at sea which have eroded trust and confidence, increased tensions and may undermine peace, security and stability in the region.    So this was a way of providing an out to countries like Cambodia, which did not want to be on the record expressing concerns while giving voice to some of the concerns from Vietnam, the Philippines and others.    The communique also used the Sunnylands language of ``full respect for legal and diplomatic processes'' but, interestingly, it lifted this language out of the section on the South China Sea, and put it in the introductory section of the joint communique, reportedly at the request of Cambodia.    So as--you know, once again, this kind of revealed that ASEAN is a glass half empty and a glass half full in terms of its ability to deal with this issue and stand as a counterweight to China.    It is easy to be disappointed with the ASEAN, but I think it is very important to continue the engagement. We have seen repeatedly the positive effects that the President's engagement at Sunnylands has had on the grouping and their ability to signal some limited degree of unity and cohesion on this issue.    Secretary Carter is hosting the 10 ASEAN defense ministers in Hawaii next week, and it'll be very interesting to see what comes out of that.    Obviously, the most important factor in terms of how the impact of the ruling will have will be very much about how China will respond.    But let me just say three quick words about what role the United States can play.    First, the United States should continue to visibly demonstrate that it will continue to fly, sail and operate wherever international law allows by conducting regular freedom of navigation operations and other presence operations in the South China Sea.    Second, the United States should continue and accelerate capacity-building and training under the Maritime Security Initiative, foreign military financing and IMET. This is critical for enhancing capabilities of our key partners such as the Philippines, Vietnam, Indonesia and Malaysia and increasing interoperability with U.S. forces.    And, finally ratifying UNCLOS would be a very positive step to take as well. The ruling of the Arbital Tribunal panel and regional reactions to the ruling cast a glaring light on the mismatch between U.S. rhetoric, on the importance of upholding international law and the need for all countries to be bound by rules and norms and the fact that the United States has not yet ratified the treaty.    Simply put, our failure to ratify the treaty undermines our ability to fully work with our allies and partners in the South China Sea and insist that UNCLOS be used as a basis for resolving claims and arbitrating disputes.    China says this quite loudly in the region. But I would note that other countries say this more quietly as well.    Ms. Searight. I will just say a few words. I'm sure others will chime in.    I would say that the reason why these disputes are significant is this is not about rocks and reefs. It's about rules and principles, and U.S. leadership in the region has long upheld a regional order based on international law, based on freedom of navigation, open commerce, an open inclusive system that all the countries in the region including China have benefited from, and countries in the region are looking to the United States to continue that leadership.    And so the anxiety in the region as China has launched into massive reclamation activities and built military infrastructure on those outposts--those artificial islands, which far outstrip anything--any other efforts that other claimants have done and other claimants, certainly, have engaged in reclamation and infrastructure development.    But China has done it on a massively different scale--over 3,000 acres in a very short period of time of artificial island building and all of the kind of coercive activities that have surrounded those efforts as well: Harassing fishermen, not letting Philippine fisherman, for example, in to fish in Scarborough Shoal vicinity, which has been their historic fishing grounds forever.    I mean, this has caused real anxiety in the region, and there is a strong demand signal--strong appetite for the United States to continue to step up and show support, not because we care ultimately over how those disputes are resolved.    If the Philippines does want to engage in talks with China, and they find a way to get to the table, I think the United States should support those efforts to find some sort of peaceful resolution.    But, you know, if countries want to capitalize on the legal victory that has really spelled out some of the obligations under UNCLOS, you know, I think the United States has a real obligation, certainly in order to maintain its leadership by continuing to stand with the rule of law.    Ms. Searight. Of course rules and principles are at stake in all of those cases. But I think the reason why it is so salient here is because these disputes affect so many countries in the region. There are many claimant states----    Ms. Searight. Right.    Ms. Searight. Right. But then----    Ms. Searight. There is----    Ms. Searight. There is--there is, you know, a community in southeast Asia, which there are four claimant states, and they have been dealing with China and with each other on these issues for a long time. And this is why----    Ms. Searight. Can I just----    Ms. Searight. This is why these disputes are so important. China has been rising dramatically as an economic power for a couple of decades. About a decade ago, it reached sort of an understanding with these countries that it would resolve these disputes peacefully.    It would put some of the real disputes on the shelf for a while. It signed a declaration of conduct in 2002 and off we go with China's further rise.    This is all about how the region, in partnership with the United States, can or cannot shape Chinese behavior. With China now going down a much more coercive track and seeking to intimidate, coerce, punish countries that don't give in to China----    Ms. Searight. Yes, I completely agree. I think India is going to be an increasingly important partner in the future. I would add Australia as well.    I think that the more that we do together with Japan, Australia and India not only does it, I think, send a very strong signal to China, but it sends a signal to the region as well.    You know, the region is very happy to see the like-minded large countries work together, especially when we include some of the smaller southeast Asian countries in terms of multilateral exercises or other kinds of things--joint capacity building efforts that we are starting to do with Japan and Australia with some southeast Asia countries like the Philippines. This is absolutely, I think, the way to go to network these aligned partnerships together.