    Mr. Poe. I want to thank the Chairman for allowing everybody to come back.    I appreciate all of y'all, including the spectators, for being back here after 7 o'clock tonight. It just shows that this is important to a lot of people for a lot of reasons.    I will try not to take very long. First, without objection, I am going to introduce the testimony of Michelle Minton, a Consumer Policy Fellow at the Competitive Enterprise Institute, for the record.    Mr. Poe. I have some questions for all of y'all. That is plural for ``y'all'' if you are from Texas. Let me just try to explain what I am thinking. I think it is a concern of many Members as well.    The Ranking Member said it best. We are all for states' rights sometimes, and I try to be for states' rights all the time. Federalism is an issue that is important to me. In Texas we have horse racing, we have dog racing, we have state-sponsored lottery which doesn't raise money for the education system even though it is supposed to. The reservations have casinos, and if people want to, they drive as fast as they can on the weekends to Louisiana where they have a lot of casinos.    By adding Internet gaming in the state, the word ``Internet,'' and I think the debate is over the issue since it is the Internet, then the government, the Federal Government, has the authority to regulate it.    So do you agree or disagree, Mr. Moylan?    I have several questions. I will ask all of you the same question, but I will ask them to him first, and then if we are out of time, then I will just submit them to you in writing and you can answer them in writing so we are not here all night.    Do you think that if something is on the Internet, therefore the Federal Government, under the guise of the Commerce Clause, can regulate that activity?    Mr. Poe. But isn't that what we are saying with this legislation, that because it is on the Internet and the activity may cross state lines, therefore the Federal Government has the authority to regulate it?    Mr. Poe. The types of gaming activity that I mentioned other than Internet gaming, that is a state issue?    Mr. Poe. Horse racing and dog racing, casinos, and the state lottery--I think that covers all of them--aren't those just state issues?    Mr. Poe. I don't think the issue is whether or not the government should regulate gaming because it is bad. I think we tried that with prohibition, or demon rum, as my grandmother used to call it, and we see where that got us. That is what she called it. So that is a concern to me. It is a concern that the regulations themselves may cause more crime offshore than what we have now.    So it is your answer that this is something that if the State of Texas wants to have intrastate Internet gaming, that they should be allowed to and the Federal Government shouldn't prohibit it because other states don't like it in their states?    Mr. Poe . I will have the same questions for all of you, but I will put them in writing so you can submit it in writing.    I will recognize the Ranking Member, Ms. Jackson Lee, who I just quoted.    Mr. Poe. I recognize the gentleman from Louisiana, Mr. Richmond----    Mr. Poe . If he wishes to ask questions.    Mr. Poe. The Chair will recognize the gentle lady from Texas for brief questions.    Mr. Poe. Without objection, they all will made a part of the record.    Mr. Poe. Yield back?    Mr. Poe. Just a couple of other questions. I think I have made it clear as to my biggest concern, the Federalism issue, the states having the duty, obligation, and right to determine gaming as a general rule.    Turning to another question, it is very brief, the criminal element issue. I am a former judge. I don't like crooks, outlaws, whatever you want to call them, of any type.    Will this legislation, Ms. Aftab, will this legislation encourage or discourage or have no effect on the criminal element, in your opinion?    Mr. Poe. Are you aware of the fact that the National Order of Police is opposed to this legislation?    Mr. Poe. I want to thank all the witnesses again for being here for such a long period of time, and also for your testimony and expertise, and the spectators as well for showing your interest.    This Subcommittee is adjourned.