    Mr. Fincher. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I appreciate the questions from the gentleman on the other side of the aisle, but this is a very serious situation for States like Tennessee, where we have a lot of folks who participate and who deliver this product for the consumer.    This is not about one specific business, but this is about the consumer having a product that they can use to help them get by in their day-to-day life.    According to the report by the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, a senior FDIC official effectively ordered a bank to terminate all relationships with payday lenders.    On February 15, 2013, the Director of the Chicago region wrote to a bank's board of directors and informed them that the FDIC had found that activities related to payday lending are unacceptable for an insured depository institution.    So my question is: Explain the legal basis or authority for such a sweeping order in the absence of explicit findings or violations of the law.    Mr. Fincher. And I have the letter, also.    Mr. Fincher. And following up, there seem to still be quite a few banks that are intimidated by all of the goings-on from day one of Operation Choke Point--which you can say it or not. It was political from day one. Even the term is political--are still intimidated to allow businesses to do business with them in regards to maybe a mistake that this letter--or was a mistake.You referenced that.    So what are you doing proactively to get the word out, saying, ``It is okay. This is legal. This is okay, to provide banking for these businesses that have done nothing wrong?'' That is the problem here. Just because you may not like it doesn't mean it is illegal.    Mr. Fincher. Could you provide us with that information?    Mr. Fincher. And just wrapping up--I have 45 seconds left--back to the letter, if it is against your policy to do things like this, then why was this ever done?    Mr. Fincher. Whose mistake?    Mr. Fincher. So are they still with the FDIC?    Mr. Fincher. What was the penalty for making this mistake to go after legal businesses?    Mr. Fincher. What were the consequences for the actions?    Mr. Fincher. I yield back.