    Ms. BAICKER. Thank you so much for the opportunity to talk with you about what I think is a crucial issue for the Medicare program. Medicare has provided invaluable benefits to beneficiaries for 50 years now, in terms of financial protection, access to valuable care. And we all, I think, share the goal of ensuring that that protection is available for decades to come.    The right care to the right patient at the right time is what I think of as high-value care. It needs to be high quality, it needs to be affordable to beneficiaries, it needs to be affordable to the system. And high-value insurance is designed to provide that kind of high-quality care to beneficiaries at a price that the whole system can afford. I believe a thriving Medicare Advantage program can be a crucial component in driving higher-quality care at a more affordable price.    And I think there are three ways that the Medicare Advantage program can do this. The first is managing the quantity of care the beneficiaries get. There is a lot of evidence that there is care delivered to beneficiaries that is, at best, minimally helpful to their health and, at worst, actually harms their health. And reforming the Fee-for-Service program to try to reduce that wasteful care that is not helping anyone and costing the system billions of dollars, that needs to be an ongoing effort.    But there is some evidence that Medicare Advantage plans are doing a better job at shepherding resources by steering beneficiaries to lower-cost, higher-quality sites of care without any harm to the quality or health outcomes. And that quality is a crucial component of what I think of as high-value care. I think sometimes we hear high value, and we just think costs less. And that is no one's goal. The goal is not to spend less on Medicare. The goal is to spend less on stuff that is not helping people, and spend more on things that actually improve health.    The evidence on quality, in my view, is a little more mixed than the evidence on quantity of care. But there are hopeful signs that the Medicare Advantage program is improving on a number of quality measures and provides higher quality than a lot of counterpart Fee-for-Service beneficiaries receive in that program.    If you look at the quality of care that Fee-for-Service beneficiaries get in the parts of the country where we spend the most on Medicare Fee-for-Service, that quality is much lower in those high-spending areas than it is in low-spending areas. That doesn't mean that the Fee-for-Service providers are spending money to harm patients. It means that there is a lack of coordination and a lack of management of that patient's care that both results in higher spending and results in lower quality, things falling through the cracks. And the Medicare Advantage program aims to provide incentives to provide higher-quality care by better managing.    The last one I want to hit on is something mentioned by Mr. McDermott, which is the financial protection provided to beneficiaries. Medicare is not just to get people access to care; it is supposed to provide financial protections, so that seniors and their families aren't bankrupted when a really expensive health condition arises. And Medicare has done a moderate job of doing that, but the basic Medicare program benefit does not provide nearly the financial protection that we would like it to.    Beneficiaries are exposed to unlimited out-of-pocket costs in the basic Medicare benefit, which is why more than 90 percent of them have some additional coverage through MediGap, through an employer plan, or through Medicare Advantage. And MediGap plans are not affordable to all beneficiaries. Medicare Advantage attracts beneficiaries in part by providing them those financial protections.    So I think there is enormous possibility in the Medicare Advantage program to improve quality and keep plans affordable, but there are some foundational elements of the program that require constant attention that I think reforms would help facilitate.    We need good risk adjustors, so that plans have an incentive to enroll sick enrollees and quality measures accurately reflect the quality of care delivered to beneficiaries, so good risk adjustment methods are the foundation of all bidding and price adjustment in the Medicare Advantage system.    We need better quality information, both for beneficiaries and to underpin incentives for proprietors to deliver high-quality care. No one wants stinting on care in these programs, and quality measures help guard against that.    Beneficiaries need to have incentives to choose the highest value plans, too. And this means Medicare Advantage programs competing on equal footing with other options that are available. And I think beneficiaries are going to continue to choose those plans because of the more comprehensive benefit that they offer, the higher quality care, the better coordinated care. Let them compete for enrollees, but let enrollees share in the benefits if they choose a higher-value plan. That benefits them and it benefits the taxpayers.    The Medicare program is crucial for beneficiaries, there is no doubt about that. But it is posing an increasingly difficult burden on Federal budgets. We can't afford the program as it is in 20 or 30 years. My hope is that a thriving Medicare Advantage program will help drive higher-quality care, while keeping the program affordable both for seniors and for the system, so that it will be here for decades to come. Thank you.    Ms. BAICKER. Thank you for that question. I hope that doesn't mean you have to be somewhere.    Ms. BAICKER. Preserving the option for beneficiaries to be able to enroll in innovative MA plans is of crucial importance. And we have seen innovation in the MA benefits along multiple dimensions.    So I talked a little bit about the financial protection that the plans can provide. They also strive to provide better choices about sites of care and modes of care. So experimenting with tele-medicine, with including the hospice benefit, with freeing them up to do value-based insurance design I think would be crucial to unleashing the full potential of those plans to really advantage the seniors who enroll in them. And that is part of why they choose those plans, I think, they can get more effective care in the place where they want to get it, and get home more quickly.    And we have seen better experimentation in MA plans with getting people out of the hospital and home and healthier faster. So freeing up that flexibility that they have, I would think, would be of first-order importance. Ensuring that quality information is available to the beneficiaries, but then plans are rewarded appropriately for providing high-quality care.    I would like to see a cap on quality bonuses removed. I think going along with that would be the removal of the double bonus for quality, so that you are appropriately rewarding plans for delivering the high-quality care that beneficiaries are seeking out.    I would agree that at the same time that that happens it would be very good to reform the basic Medicare benefit to provide the kind of financial protection that we think Medicare beneficiaries are entitled to and are seeking out in MA. And also combining the deductibles along the lines that Mr. Moffit described I think would improve that benefit, too.    Ms. BAICKER. I very much share your emphasis on quality the beneficiaries are getting. And the geographic variation, I spent 6 years on the faculty at Dartmouth, and I was as much taken by that research as you are, that the evidence of huge variation in spending per person and negatively correlated huge variation in quality strongly suggests that you could move some money from high spending less effective care to lower cost, higher-quality care, save money while improving outcomes. And that is, obviously, the magic bullet that we are all looking for.    I am a huge fan of experimentation that is well designed. My own academic research focuses on opportunities to use really good experiments to figure out what is going on in the healthcare system. And when you have a number of entities volunteering to participate, and you randomly choose some to start the pilot and others to be the control group, I know that that is my academic hat on--which I have a very hard time taking off--but that provides an opportunity to really understand what is going on under the hood of the healthcare system. Why is it that we are spending so much more in some places and not getting the value that we want.    We have seen a bit more experimentation in MA plans because they have a little more flexibility, being paid in a different way. But I don't think that we have nearly enough robust scientific evidence on what drives quality. We have a little more on the patient side and a little less on the provider side. So I would love to see more well-designed studies----    Ms. BAICKER. Yeah. So I think you're highlighting a fundamental problem, which is an out-of-balance system where it's vital that we ensure the program is available for the 100-year-olds of tomorrow, and we all share the wish that we all live to much older ages. But I think something fundamental about the system has to change to preserve the financial stability of it for generations to come because as Mr. Moffit pointed out, as the number of workers per retiree changes, it's not about conflict; it's about accounting balance, that you just run out.    You either have to impose higher and higher and higher taxes on the working age population as they shrink and the retired population grows, or you have to change the benefit in some way. So I share the view that something more fundamental needs to change to preserve and strengthen the program for the future.    Ms. BAICKER. You're highlighting a really important issue--that the network of providers available to people in rural areas looks very different from that in urban areas. And so getting real plan choice for them can be more challenging when there aren't so many different providers and there may not be so many plans operating.    The advantage of that is that innovative plans can find ways to deliver services in rural areas that the traditional Fee-for-Service plan can't. So we've talked a little bit about tele-medicine. I think there's a strong case to be made for it, not just in rural settings, but there are lots of homebound seniors who would benefit from being able to have more sophisticated services available to them in their homes or who don't have access to specialty care. But I think it's particularly vital in rural areas where the nearest specialty hospital may be far away and the nearest specialist may be very far away.    We have huge advances in technology that enable higher-quality care than would otherwise be able to be delivered, and we need programs that can capitalize on that innovation to deliver novel benefits, especially in rural areas, but I really think everywhere as well.    Ms. BAICKER. I don't know the particulars of your district and I would be happy to get back to you with more information about the insurance marketplace in that particular area. But in general, I think having plans compete on equal footing so that both beneficiaries and the plans can reap the rewards of providing higher-value care can be a motivator to draw more plans in and to have more beneficiaries pick up the care.    Right now beneficiaries who pick a plan with a lower payment required than the benchmark or than Fee-for-Service can reap some of the benefits in the form of better financial protection, more flexible benefits. But they can't get any money back if they choose a higher-value program, and that might be an avenue for increasing the appeal for beneficiaries, which would, in turn, increase the appeal for plans to come in.    Ms. BAICKER. I think you're right on point that the greatest return to care management is in managing chronic conditions. It's patients who need a lot of care where we can both improve quality and reduce spending if it's managed better and preventing the onset of those conditions. So I think your point is key.    Ms. BAICKER. I didn't watch those commercials.    Ms. BAICKER. And as your colleague said, brave man. So I don't know what they were speaking to directly. I know there is real concern out there about the continued availability of different options for beneficiaries through the MA plan. Having no idea what the commercials are about, I think maintaining a competitive playing field for those plans to participate is really important to beneficiaries.    Ms. BAICKER. So the point you highlight is crucial to understanding what insurance is. Insurance works when healthy people and sick people are all in the same pool or people who in advance of knowing that they might need healthcare join an insurance pool, and then the people who are unfortunate enough to need expensive care draw out and the premiums of the people who were lucky enough not to need care pay to subsidize their unfortunately sicker counterparts.    And it's always a little surprising to me when people describe an insurance plan that they have and say, ``I paid all these premiums, and I didn't get anything for it. What was the use?'' And I always think, well, I paid my homeowners insurance and my house didn't burn down, good. So understanding the insurance value of an insurance product is crucial to building an insurance marketplace that works. If people don't have an incentive to join when they are healthy or before they know about their healthcare expenses and premiums don't reflect their expected healthcare costs, you get degeneration of the risk pool, and you don't have a real insurance product available.    And we can talk at great length, but I won't because I know it's your 5 minutes, about the different mechanisms for getting everybody to participate whether you want to use the carrot of a subsidy, the stick of a penalty, but I share your view that it is vital that everybody get in the insurance market early for there to be an actual insurance market.    Ms. BAICKER. I'm a big fan of value-based insurance design, and there are clearly some challenges in the implementation, but that doesn't mean that we shouldn't be trying to take them on. To build on the example that you gave of a diabetic patient, imagine that patient is considering taking a statin to lower cholesterol or not. We know patients are very sensitive to copayments and that going from a zero copayment to a $5 copayment makes a much bigger difference in patients adherence than you would imagine, even for really high-value medications. That statin may be incredibly high-value for a diabetic patient, and you want to make it zero dollar copayment.    Maybe if you're an innovating insurance company that's working with enough flexibility, you want to actually pay the patient $5 to take the statin. That same drug may be very low-value for a patient who has high cholesterol or moderately high cholesterol, but no other risk factors, unless a very low risk of a cardiovascular--an adverse cardiovascular event, whereas the diabetic patient has a really high risk.    Maybe for the low-risk patient, the copayment should be $10 or $20. That kind of innovation is not about shifting costs onto the patient who's paying the higher copay, but rather shifting use of the statin toward the patient with the highest health benefit for it. So I'm very much in favor of exploring that, and there's some nods to that in existence already. There's some experimentation in the Medicare Advantage program itself now with value-based insurance design. Safe harbors for preventive care are an example of value-based insurance design, where when you go to get a preventive care treatment that is of sufficiently high value, you don't have to pay copayments even if you're in a high-deductible plan. So I think those are very much worth exploring.    Ms. BAICKER. Just to briefly highlight an issue brought up before, Medicare Advantage plans are bidding for the same bundle of service below Fee-for-Service costs on average. And then there's a quality add-on, and then there's the return of some of the difference between the benchmark and the bid in the form of lower cost sharing for the beneficiary or greater benefits than the traditional plan provides.    So when thinking about how much MA costs, thinking about the same bundle of services, the bids are lower. There's plenty of room for debate about the right way to structure the quality bonuses, and I think that they're a crucial component of ensuring that beneficiaries are getting high-quality care, but it's really not an apples-to-apples comparison.