    Mr. Gunzinger. Yes, Chairman Forbes, Ranking Member Courtney, members of the subcommittee, thank you as well for inviting us to talk to you today about this really important topic.    I would like to suggest a framework that might help you think about the LRS-B and other capabilities in the long-range strike family of systems. Now what I postulate is two competitions. One we call the hiders-finders competition; the other is a salvo competition.    Now the hiders-finders competition, what that is about is developing the capabilities to penetrate contested airspace, contested areas, and an enemy, a thinking enemy who develops countermeasures. It is a cycle. As we develop advantages, they develop countermeasures. Keeping advantage in that cycle in this competition is critically important.    In the 1950s, for example--the B-52 was designed about then; 1952 I think was the first flight--the most significant threat to our bombers was aircraft, interceptors, and surface-to-air fires--artillery. So the B-52 was designed to fly at high altitudes, and they gave it a gun in the tail to defend against fighters until SAMs, surface-to-air missiles, came on the scene in the latter half of that decade in the early 1960s. So the Air Force adapted and started flying B-52s at low altitude so it could terrain mask and hide in ground clutter, and fighters couldn't find them effectively, and it designed the B-1 to be a low-altitude, high-speed sprinter to penetrate contested airspace.    Until, about 1979, DOD announced that, well, Russia, or the Soviet Union has developed ``look-down/shoot-down'' radars for its fighters, capable of fighting our bombers at low altitude. So they started a program called the Advanced Technology Bomber Program, which led to the B-2 program to buy 139 B-2s to replace the B-52, and that would be a high-altitude stealthy penetrator. 1990, end of the Soviet Union, we essentially disengaged from this competition. DOD shifted its attention from preparing to fight two regional conflicts against North Korea, Iran, Iraq. They didn't have advanced air defenses, so while it continued to invest in stealth technologies for future platforms, it stopped the B-2 buy at 21 aircraft. And it also shifted the weight of its effort in terms of strike campaigns toward its fighter forces under the assumption that, well, we will be able to deploy our fighter forces very quickly into a theater of conflict, stage them at bases on the borders of our enemies; to bring the high-volume fires. We just didn't need the bombers to do that after the opening stages of a conflict.    The problem is our competitors didn't stop. China, Russia, Iran, and others have developed advanced air defenses--developed them or bought them--that are a real challenge to our current force. So while we modified our current bomber force to stay current and give it new radars and so on over the intervening years, we didn't invest in a new bomber.    Now the second competition is what we call the salvo competition, and that occurs between two adversaries who both have PGMs , not just the ability to attack with precision but also defend against the PGMs of an enemy. That is the situation we have today, certainly with Russia, China, North Korea, and Iran. They have capabilities to attack our bases in the western Pacific and the Middle East, all of them. So the assumption DOD made in the 1990s, it said: Well, we will rely mostly for strike on our fighters, and we will stage them really close to bases. Those bases are now at risk. That is an increasingly risky proposition. But we can compensate for that by beginning to use bases that are further away from our adversaries that, frankly, are out of the most immediate threat, out of range of those short-range cruise missiles and ballistic missiles.    And we can also disperse our fighter forces at those close-in bases to expeditionary airfields, civil airfields suitable for military use, as well as military airfields, to complicate the targeting problem of our enemies who have their own PGMs. So what this suggests, both the hider-finder competition and the salvo competition, is we might start thinking about reversing priorities that we established for bombers and fighters back in the 1990s.    Perhaps future air campaigns, the weight of the strike should be provided by long-range strike capabilities. They are stealthy and have large payloads staged at more distant bases. Whereas our fighters at the close-in dispersed posture provide counter-air, help kick down the door, provide close-air support, and other missions rather than relying on those fighters, which have about one-tenth the payload of a bomber and one-fifth the range of a bomber primarily for strike.    The Air Force has made a great start--and DOD has as well--at reengaging in both these competitions with the LRS-B, but it is just a start, and it is only one element of a long-range strike family of systems, which I hope we can get into in your questions. Thank you.    Mr. Gunzinger. Excellent question. I am going to give you the U.S. perspective--our U.S. perspective--and an enemy's perspective on this question. First, we throw around numbers about the size of the force, and how many are combat capable and total aircraft inventory and so forth. Today our Nation can launch about 12 B-2 sorties on any given day. If B-2s have to operate from Guam or Diego Garcia in the Indian Ocean, that is about 12 sorties. That is our Nation's long-range penetrating strike capability and a handful of standoff cruise missiles. If we don't buy the LRS-B, well, the B-2 eventually will not be able to penetrate into China, into Iran, and some other areas. The B-1s and B-52s already can't penetrate into those higher threat areas. So we will be a Nation that will be able to fight on the periphery of some of our potential adversaries in the future.    From the enemy's perspective, it would create a one-dimensional problem for them. All they have to do is defend against these standoff capabilities. They can project power out to attack our bases, to attack our aircraft orbiting to launch standoff cruise missiles and so forth. They don't have to defend their interior. Those deep targets are not at risk. So they can pour their money into their outer defenses and into offensive capabilities instead of having to defend their interior. So that would not help us impose costs on an enemy at all.    Mr. Gunzinger. Back when the debate was hot and heavy over whether or not we should start a new program, and I was still in the Department of Defense, the Air Force started looking at the problem as a families of systems problem. It is not--it wasn't rhetoric, and it is not rhetoric today. This isn't about, what should the Air Force buy to maintain its capability? It was, what does the joint force need to be able to maintain his capability to strike an enemy deep, to threaten and put at risk all of his most significant targets.    Family of systems encompasses airborne electronic attack, penetrating ISR capabilities, service-based capabilities, carriers, submarine launch, cruise missiles, the whole family. So this was--it was born out of a concept to develop the future of long-range strike family of systems and also to figure out how it would be integrated in joint operations, not just what it could do to improve Air Force operations, but the joint force operations for the future. So I think that is a very important thing to keep in mind as you assess the value of the LRS-B. It hopefully will be able to execute missions in support of the Navy, for example, anti-surface warfare. Why not have the LRS-B capable of launching more LRASMs, Long-Range Anti-Ship Missiles, in the future? They can carry a lot of them, I hope. They will be able to cover large areas at sea and will have great sensors for wide-area surveillance, a perfect supporting mission for the Air Force to support the Navy. It may even be able to do future air dominance. Given enough space, weight, power, and cooling capacity, perhaps it could carry air-to-air missiles and, in the future, lasers to help support not just the Air Force but the Navy to counter enemy aircraft.    Mr. Gunzinger. Right. Well, the answer is, you don't. The $550 million number was procurement costs in fiscal year 2010 dollars. It did not include EMD, and of course, it didn't include inflation that will occur year by year. Plus, the number that you are citing--I think $33.1 billion--that was between 2015 and 2025. I am pretty sure.    Mr. Gunzinger. Not by 2025, that is correct.    Mr. Gunzinger. I absolutely agree, the B-2 and F-22 are more inventions than the LRS-B. LRS-B is more of an integration program where it is taking very mature technologies from other programs, maybe even actual components and engines, and integrating it into a new platform that is going to be much more capable than the B-2 and other systems.    It is also I think important to remember that it has been about 10 years since the 2006 Quadrennial Defense Review said: Let's start a new program for a penetrating bomber. And there was a previous program to do that that was canceled in 2009. But the knowledge and technologies and the skilled workforce that were dedicated to that effort, they are still around, and they were able to pour a lot of that knowledge and technology into this program.    Mr. Gunzinger. Five years ago, before there was an LRS-B program--I have to caveat, I like that--CSBA put out a report for the need for a new bomber and how it might be developed in a different way. We recommended that the first thing you do is ensure it has enough space, weight, power, and cooling so you could adapt it to new missions, integrate new components in the future, perhaps lasers, for example, to take on the air-to-air missions.    But the second thing is to develop it so you can upgrade it or integrate block upgrades over time, to refresh its technologies, to be able to counter new threats as they emerge, to take on new missions. If you design it with the idea that you are going to be able to do these block upgrades over time, then you greatly reduce the risk that when it is produced and it is on the ramp, it is not going to be outdated. The second thing is it helps you to spread the cost over time because you buy new capabilities for these block upgrades rather than try to get everything into the first model.    General Elder. Not to beat a dead horse, but one of the things about this airplane is that they really were smart about this. I was pulling out some testimony from Mr. LaPlante, who is the acquisition head for the Air Force, and this has been a big deal for this program, this concern about the fact that when they buy bombers, they have them for a long time, and they want to make sure that they can continue to bring these new capabilities in.    The other thing that Dr. Grant pointed out is about this information piece, but the other thing I realize now--I don't know what the percentage is, but the percentage cost of an airplane these days, actually any system, military system, a huge amount is actually caught up in the software, the code that is being written for these systems. What they are enforcing here is the use of what the Air Force calls open mission systems. The Navy has a slightly different name. It has actually been mandated by OSD , by the Department overall, that you have this. What it allows for is plug and play. They have different levels of integrated capability, but just ask for an iPhone or an Android, someone else can write the application besides Apple or Google, for example. You have the same thing here, and when someone has a better idea, they will be able to write that, test that module, and then plug it in. They won't have to go through the complete end-to-end test, which is what has driven us to these block upgrades in the past, where it was incrementally done. Now, as soon as you can write these things, you can plug them in. You also can also add new systems to the airplane because they are working with open standards in terms of the plugs of plug and play for actual boxes that would go into the airplane.    So as we look to the future, as I mentioned to people in the past, the people in this room have no idea what this airplane is going to be able to do because we haven't given them to the captains yet. When the captains get a hold of this airplane, they are going to say, well, we can do this with this; the airplane will do this. The things that the B-2 does today, a lot of those things were never imagined until it actually got into the hands of these brilliant young captains to think about how to do this. The same thing is going to happen with this. The difference is that when a captain in 2025 gets a great idea, if I could just write a piece of software, it would really help me out, they are going to be able to do that in 6 months to a year, instead of having to wait for a 3- or 4-year block upgrade. That is going to be the huge difference with this platform.    Mr. Gunzinger. Very quickly, sir, you are right. It is very difficult to change the plan, form, shape, and size of an aircraft after it has been designed and produced. You can do things like give it new codings. You can put maybe new leading edge treatments on it, things that can improve its stealth characteristics. You might also be able to do some things to give it active as well as passive measures to improve its ability to survive. But like we all understand, I believe, stealth is the product of active and passive measures, and not just one aircraft but multiple platforms operating together to include cyber operations to create the environment where you defeat the enemy's kill chain, the air defense kill chain. And it does not remain invisible, but all you have to do is prevent him from getting a good shot.    Mr. Gunzinger. Yes, very quickly. We did essentially end up with a silver bullet force in the B-2s in the 1990s, and pretty much the F-22s, I would have continued production of that as well. Because we devalued stealth, the air defense strike wasn't there, but today it is. And it is just going to be increasing in the future, and these technologies are proliferating, so stealth increasingly is going to be the price of admission into future fights.    The second is long range and large payloads. Aircraft that can fly from more distant airfields out of the immediate threat of the short- and medium-range ballistic missiles and cruise missiles is going to be very important to us. That might reshape the kind of force we want in the future.    The third, we have said it has been about 10 years since the 2006 QDR. It is going to be about another 10 years for LRS-Bs to show up in numbers. That period could be longer. We focused on, should it be 80 to 100 or something more? And I agree with my fellow witnesses that, yes, I think the number is eventually going to be much larger than that, but that is a 2020s decision. Of more importance to me is, how quickly can we field this force? And if the yearly procurement rate is set pretty low due to budget problems, budget caps, budget constraints, then it is just going to extend into the future our long-range penetrating strike capability gap. So that is something that you might focus on as well. Thank you.