    Mr. Amodei. Thanks, Mr. Chairman. Chief, good to see you. I do not want to pick sides between Simpson and Cole. But since you are supposed to lead, follow, or get out of the way. The House passed last year a bill that proposed to get rid of lands that were in-holdings, small parcels, not manageable as part of the forests generally. The Forest Service supported it. The Administration supports it. Can you talk to somebody in the Senate about getting off their ass and moving that? You do not need to answer, but anyhow something to think about.    I was in the Carson Ranger District last week, and I know your history goes through a ranger district in central Nevada, so I want to talk with you about the firefighting stuff. I am looking at the budget request this year, and I see that the line items which have been held kind of actually at flat funding for the last few years for local cooperation, State and Federal work, we got forest stewardship, and we have also got State fire assistance, and volunteer fire assistance has been at level funding. And while in this environment there are some days where level funding is a victory, I look at what has happened in the Service's budget over the last few years, and level funding is sometimes a precursor to getting zero'd out.    I hear your statements about, hey, we ought to use the closest resource regardless of what it is. We do not need to have the discussion here in terms of the importance of initial attack and cooperation with local and State authorities and all that other sort of stuff. And so, as I sit here and look at fuels and fire and all that other sort of stuff, and it is just another moving part of the puzzle, but you are going, hey, why are we level funding these folks while we are proposing to increase suppression.    And you get into that whole argument in terms of do we put it in suppression, do we put it in prevention, do we put it in thinning, although you said today, hey, thinning is a good thing, and I agree with you. But I am sitting here looking at this going, State assistance, by the way, in a State that you are not the BLM, and I know you are thankful for that every day, and I think you are right. But it is like, hey, for the communities that the Humboldt-Toiyabe plays a large part in, this volunteer and through the state forester stuff is pretty important stuff.    So my question is, can I get together with Tom Hubbard and the folks in your office who develop that to have a better understanding of why that is level as we go forward in the discussion of this committee for that line item, because it is not sex and violence. Nobody is going to be able to make a commercial out of it. But in terms of operational, I think it is an important thing to take a look at? Can we get together offline?    Mr. Amodei. Sure.    Mr. Amodei. We have plenty of drones in Nevada. We fly them over Area 51 all the time. Mr. Amodei. And actually I would kind of like at some point in time just an update because there was report language saying, hey, helicopter test in 2014, blah, blah, blah, how is that going. So what we will do when we set that up for whenever you do, we will make sure that all committee members are aware so that they can either attend or send staff.    Mr. Amodei. Finally, I want to talk to you a little bit about the large air tanker program because I have looked at the 2002 report after we had some bad stuff, and then your modernization stuff. And I am looking at the thing where you are getting Coast Guard C-130s and got to do all that stuff. And I have kind of a concern because the 2002 report says, hey, military long haul aircraft are under different load and stresses than basically close air support in a firefighting role, especially when the fire is big and not an initial attack trying to paint a line around a smaller area, and all the weather that goes with the fire.    And I look at the C-130 stuff and I am going, do we have the initial records with this from the Coast Guard, or is it Groundhog's Day? And so, I have a concern about that with the FAA certification in terms of public use specified, and so I want to go over that more extensively offline. But, I mean, help me with is this not what we were doing in 2002 that that Blue Ribbon panel said you've got to quit doing this,you've got to instrument them, and you've got to maintain them for the role that firefighting represents, not takeoffs and landings hauling cargo, and stuff like that?    Mr. Amodei. Okay. So I will look forward to talking with you more about that later. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Amodei. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Good afternoon, Madam Secretary. I think to the extent that the chairman is going to manage my time, I may try to manage your answer time a little bit, not as an affront, but just so that we can cover as much ground as possible. And I am going to endeavor to be crisp so that that works.    The first thing I got to tell you is I need your help. I have been in this outfit for 53 months and 16 days, but who is counting, trying to work through the chain of command in the Bureau of Indian Affairs on title matters. This is not complicated with lots of moving parts stuff. It is people who have paid off their homes on reservations and colonies, and have waited between 5 and 10 years for a simple title plan type of conveyance. And in my neck of the woods, that is through Phoenix or Albuquerque, depending on what it is.    And I will just tell you quickly, please give us some help. We are going to talk with the BIA a little bit later, but it is like, I mean, in any other sense paying off your home and waiting for years to have a conveyance is--so I do not know. I am told it is, well, we are not funded in real estate stuff or whatever. I am not saying they are or they are not. I am just saying, come on, there is a problem there. And maybe from your end it will be more successful than from mine.    Mr. Amodei. Or the other thing is to simply do, like you did in some other instances, to go, hey, if you want us to fix this, here is what we need. And if the committee says no, then the committee says no. But right now it just feels like, oh, that is kind of the way it has always been, and so there we go. So anyhow, thank you for your attention to that. I appreciate it.    I want to next move to science coordination because I notice there was language in your opening statement, and you have got kind of a new effort in house, and you are talking about coordinating with each other. I would like to meet with those folks and just have a briefing for what they are doing.    And let me tell you the reason for the request. I am concerned through the processes of some things recently, sage hen for one of them, where we speak with Director Ashe and say, hey, have you used any of the local folks. I am not telling you that they are in the tank one way or the other, but have you considered, for instance, the work of the College of Agriculture at the University Nevada, which has a quite long track history of Great Basin, sage brush steppe ecosystem, desert research, excellent outfit, USGS, even some of the Federal stuff. And I get back from these people, no, we have not been consulted.    And so, I am not saying, therefore. I am just saying when you talk about collaboration on the science front and you have got this, no, I would really like to talk to those folks, say, okay, they are going to talk in house. But what is the company policy, if you will, for, hey, can you at least talk to folks who have been doing this stuff for decades, by the way, not for one team or another, but in terms of real resource-centric people with credibility as part of the makeup of what you decide is the appropriate thing?    Mr. Amodei. I would appreciate that because I will just say that that has not been my experience to the extent that we have checked. So we would like to make sure we are fully briefed before we come to any final conclusions.    Next, what I would like to do is we have been going back through some of the stuff forensically in the whole sage grouse process. And one of the things that we are trying to check, for instance, is, okay, you have a sagebrush focal area. How were those boundaries set? And so, we asked the agencies.    And so, one of the folks who did mapping, how were the boundaries set in USGS. We got some curious non-responses. So we asked BLM and Dan Ashe's folks, hey. We asked those questions in January in preparation for this meeting, and we do not have a response. So I do not have anything specific to say other than I find that curious.    I will tell you that the Forest Service responded, and they said the sagebrush focal area boundaries were given to us by U.S. Fish and Wildlife. So because none of this is national security, border security, hooping and snooping, we do not have to have these briefings and SCIFs, if it is like why not just tell us how we drew those lines where we drew them for those 3 million acres across four States.    I mean, the bottom line is how did we get there? And so, we have got some frustration on that. So, I mean, forewarned is forearmed. It is like, listen, I am not saying you did a bad thing or a good thing. Somebody put a line somewhere on a map. We would just kind of like to know where that is. So if you could be of assistance to getting us some response to that, that would be great.    And one final thing, and actually you are going to get a talk in this one, so I do want you to think I am----    Mr. Amodei. You know, people that have listened said it was not that great, so you do not try to break the mold. I was in Las Vegas in December for a western caucus policy forum at the same time you were in there talking to the western governors. And so, we had an opening, and I had a chance to come. I said, well, let us go see what the Secretary has to say to western governors. And I noticed that you made several references to drinking beers with them, and I do not know if anybody on this committee has ever had an invite to drink beer with you, but I know I have not, so I feel a little bit picked on.    Mr. Amodei. There you go. You are buying, right?    Mr. Amodei. I will bring a big cup. But anyhow, when you are talking about sage grouse, you said I am a little skeptical about things that go through in Congress right at the present time for perhaps the obvious reason. Can you give me the basis of your skepticism?    Mr. Amodei. So great. One of the byproducts of that is you are working with Governor Sandoval directly on sage initiatives. Are you doing that under general secretarial authority, or is there something in the act? I mean, what is the basis for saying, hey, if they need a right-of-way for something in Baker, or we need to speed up adoption of new maps, and the governor says he is working with the Secretary of Interior, what is the authority for that framework so that we can help the governor with things that maybe he would like to work with you on?    Mr. Amodei. Those were all identified as being habitat, therefore----    Mr. Amodei. Thank you.    Mr. Amodei. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Amodei. Thanks, Mr. Chairman. Madam Secretary, since you are kind of checking into that monument stuff, I would appreciate it you could check and see what your folks did, if anything, in support of the designation of the Basin Range National Monument before the actual designation. So if there was any sort of workups or anything else like that, just a general description of what you did pre-designation.    Mr. Amodei. And the final point is this. I know you have made a point of saying, hey, we work with communities and stuff like that. There actually was a meeting before the Basin and Range designation, but I would represent to you that the attendance at that meeting was highly selective, and did not include some of the folks you would assume, counties affected, county commissioners, blah, blah, blah, blah.    And so, while there may have been an indication to you, like, listen, we met with folks in the community, that is probably a true statement, but it might help to say what is the cross-section as opposed to like where do they live. Do they actually live in the community, and do they represent, because I know you guys are pro-diversity, diverse interests in the community.    So with that, I yield back. Thanks, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Amodei. Thank you, Neil.    Mr. Amodei. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Voice. Microphone.    Mr. Amodei. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Neil, thanks for your continued willingness to meet with us.    I am going to start out with a couple of things. I am not going to take the committee's time up, but I want to kind of highlight them for you because they will be coming to your staff.    We have got a situation in Nevada with the lithium property in Silver Peak that has got a little protest going on in terms of ownership and transfer. And there are some issues with respect to when that can happen and how that can happen that emanate through your solicitor's office in Sacramento that I am going to be asking you for a briefing for offline----    Mr. Amodei . There is some stuff that we need some more facts on.    Also your Planning 2.0 effort is one that sends a lot of information out in terms of stuff that we learn from going through the resource management plan updates for the 11 States. We want to see where you are going on that. I have read what NACO puts out on it, and there are two sides to every story. So I would kind of like the other side on that if I could.    The final one briefing wise is the Secretary laid out a deal about science yesterday, and more money in Interior for science and stuff like that. And so, I want to pass that on to you that we are concerned that a lot of the science about the Great Basin, as you well know, Sage hen crossroads of the West, the majority of the Great Basin, sagebrush steppe ecosystem. And every time I talk to the Desert Research Institute folks and the folks in the College of Agriculture at the University, and even sometimes NRCS, and even USGS, has anybody been talking about these chicken issues from Nevada. And while the director has said I am happy to work with them, I have not seen much of that. So I want to revisit that and go I am not telling you to do what the Nevada science says, but I think they ought to have a seat at the table when we are talking about this. So we would kind of like a briefing on that, and thank you guys for your willingness to do that.    I want to follow up on the focal area stuff real quick. In preparation for the hearing, we asked Fish, and the Forest Service, and you guys, where do the boundaries come from. And we did that about 60 days ago, and the only response we got was from the Forest Service, and I am quoting them, ``Sagebrush focal boundaries were given to us by U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service.'' Were they given to you by the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service?    Mr. Amodei. No, no, the other ones I want briefings on.    Mr. Amodei. I do not want you to work on. Your first question is, the Forest Service said they got their sagebrush focal area boundaries over their real estate from Fish and Wildlife Service. Is that true for BLM?    Mr. Amodei. Okay.    Mr. Amodei. So it is fair to me, if I want to talk about how that got created and where the boundaries are, I need to talk to Dan Ashe about it.    Mr. Amodei. Okay, great. Thank you. I also want to touch on Secretary Jewell said, hey, I am talking with Governor Sandoval, which is a great thing, and I said, okay, so what is the framework for that. Do you have like secretarial discretion or whatever? And her answer, I think I heard her say is, well, he is kind of highlighting things for me, and I am passing them down to Neil, and they are going to John Ruhs, and there you go. And that Neil has specific authority under that stuff.    All well and good in my mind. But when we talk about things like maps that were brought up earlier, and it is like, okay, we got a new map that has a PJ and an urban overlay to it, and the RMP amendment process is not nimble. And I am not saying that critically. I am just saying it is as a historical observation. We do not amend those things every couple of years.    And when I first go out to the field and I am in three district offices, it is like so how do we account for the fact that the White Pine Public LandsManagement Act has 15,000 acres--I believe you had a hand in that--for economic development between Ely and McGill. And now we have got one of the iterations of map that says that is now chicken habitat.    It is like before we even get to well, this one was signed by the President and this one was signed by the Secretary, you know, it is like how do we react to those things because I got to pass a new law, lands law, which a lot of us are too old to probably see that come to fruition, go amend the RMPs, or one of them said, hey, I have got some discretion in that if I find it.    What is the guidance in terms of how these people react to things, and not that maps should get smaller because we know from instances over the summer that there are areas of habitat that were not marked that should be marked. And so, my concern is when you talk about real-time stuff, whether it is grazing, whether it is whatever, to amend those is not an easy process if we look historically. Anything new in the making for amending those?    Mr. Amodei. Right.    Mr. Amodei. Right.    Mr. Amodei. If I might, I will get the rest of that offline, but I appreciate that.    Mr. Amodei. Focal areas are going to require quite a bit of minerals examination I understand. The minerals examiner population in BLM is not impressive, and it is older than me, which there is ``R'' word ``retirement.'' I would like to talk to you about that offline in terms of if we got 5,000 of these things to do and we have not got a lot of examiners and minerals examinations, I just kind of want to get a feeling for how that is going to go.    And with that, I think in view of how much fun we are having this morning, I will yield back and look forward to talking to you and your folks offline about that. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.