    Dr. Gilmore. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, members of the committee. In my opening statement I will focus on readiness for operational test and evaluation.    My estimate is the program won't be ready to begin IOT&E until mid-calendar year 2018 at the earliest. That would be about a 1-year delay relative to what the program is carrying currently as its objective dates and about 6 months relative to its threshold dates.    The reasons are the following. The most complex mission system testing remains, as does verification and fixes to significant problems, some of those fixes already having been identified and some not. Mission system stability, including the radar, still a problem. Inadequate fusion of sensor information from sensors on the same aircraft, as well as among different aircraft, continues to be a problem. There are shortfalls in electronic warfare, electronic attack, shortfalls in the performance of the Distributed Aperture System, and other issues that are classified with regard to mission systems.    Stealth aircraft are not invisible. To achieve success against the modern stressing mobile threats we are relying on our $400 billion investment in F-35 to provide, mission systems must work, in some reasonable sense of that word. And we must provide every incentive to the contractors to make the mission systems work leading up to and after IOT&E, in my view.    The program has now changed its approach from schedule-driven software releases, which had overlaid old problems on top of new problems, to a capabilities-based approach. So now the program is addressing the significant deficiencies with a given version of software prior to proceeding with the next version, and I certainly commend that approach. And that should help work through and solve some of these problems that I have mentioned with mission systems.    Other reasons IOT&E is likely to be delayed include the need for weapons testing and certification. The rate at which that has been done in the past must triple in order to get all the events done. There has been talk of cutting the number of events by two-thirds. If that occurs, that would simply shift the work to IOT&E and make essentially certain late discoveries of problems requiring fixes during IOT&E.    The program is exploring ways to up the rate of testing, including using ranges at Eglin, and that would be a good decision, but decisions and action need to be taken soon.    There is also the issue of certification of full weapons usage throughout the full flight envelope. The most recent test community estimates are that that would occur in October 2017 for F-35A, February 2018 for F-35C, and May 2018 for F-35B. And we are looking at this. Some have proposed an incremental rolling start to occupational tests. That may not be practical, and it was certainly problematic when we tried it on F-22.    There are still problems with the Autonomics Logistics Information System , which is critical to the combat operations of the aircraft. There are many resource-intensive workarounds still required. Under the program's current schedule, ALIS 3.0, the full capability version required for IOT&E, would not be released until the first quarter of 2018.    There is also the need for concurrency-driven extensive modifications required to early-lot aircraft bought for IOT&E when it was thought that IOT&E would begin in 2013. The current unmitigated--meaning no measures taken to correct the problem--schedule shows mods extending into third quarter calendar year 2019. The program is, however, working on a multipronged approach, including using later-production aircraft slated for operational use and taking hardware from recently delivered aircraft on the production line that could move the completion of those modifications into 2018, and a decision is needed now on that.    There are also inadequacies in the U.S. Reprogramming Lab that is used to generate the Mission Data Files, which are essential to the success in combat and certainly success in operational testing of the aircraft.    The program's optimistic schedule for delivery of a validated--but, in my view, very possibly inadequate--Mission Data File for operational testing is the third quarter of 2017, but that date assumes the U.S. Reprogramming Lab receives a fully capable version of Block 3F by April 2016, next month, which we already know under the program's current plans will not happen until this summer at the soonest.    So for all these reasons, I suspect that we won't be ready for operational testing until mid-calendar year 2018.    Thank you.    Dr. Gilmore. The fourth-generation aircraft that we have and the systems that they have, and even with upgrades, wouldn't be able to handle the threats that we have already seen being deployed by our potential enemies for over half a decade. Those are very challenging air defense threats that are mobile, so you can't count on knowing where they are. The F-35, with mission systems that work as I alluded to in my opening statement, will provide capability that we don't have in any other platform to dynamically sense that very stressing mobile threat environment you can't know ahead of time with certainty and deal with it.    So that is why it is so important that we get the F-35, including its mission systems, to work. It will provide us capability that we otherwise won't have and can't get in upgraded systems.    Dr. Gilmore. Well, the rate at which these instability incidents were occurring with Block 2B was one every 30-plus hours, and now it is one every 4 hours. And the initial versions of Block 3i don't provide any more combat capability than Block 2B, it was supposed to be rehosting of Block 2B with the new processor.    So with regard to whether 8 to 10 hours is sufficient, what you want is a low probability that during a combat mission, which comprise several hours, you want a low probability that one of these upsets that takes time to reset--and several minutes in the middle of a fight is not acceptable--you want the time between these instability incidents to be long enough that you have a very low probability it would occur in a multi-hour combat mission.    Whether 8 hours would be sufficient is something that we will certainly be looking at in IOT&E. It was much better than once every 8 hours with the Block 2B software. And again, 3i initially provided no more capability than Block 2B.    Now, as we add capability and more complexity in Block 3F, you might see the numbers come down again. Ultimately, operational testing will tell us what is sufficient.    Dr. Gilmore. First, with regard to requirements, I reviewed the requirements document before I came here. And there is a clear statement at the beginning of the requirements document, which has been in force for a number of years now, that the F-35 would replace the A-10.    Dr. Gilmore. I am happy to send you a copy of that.    Dr. Gilmore. In any event, with regard to----    General Bogdan. Can I correct the record? When I talk about requirements on the program, I talk about a specification that I put contractors on to deliver a capability. The document you are talking about is a service document known as an operational requirements document,----    Dr. Gilmore. And that's the one the Chief of the Air Force, the Chief of Staff of the Air Force signed----    Dr. Gilmore . Namely, the operational requirements document. So that is what I was talking about.    With regard to the close air support tests, comparison tests, yes, we are planning that. We are planning all the open air tests as we speak, working with the joint operational test team and the services. We expect to have that effort completed in June or July of this year. And we are happy to share those results with the committee and with you.    With regard to funding, the costs of the close air support tests, including combat search and rescue and Sandy <dagger>-------------------------------------------------------------------------------    <dagger> ``Sandy'' refers to a mission in which an aircraft (most often an A-10) is tasked to support and provide protective coverage for a combat search and rescue mission to recover an ejected pilot behind enemy lines.---------------------------------------------------------------------------    Dr. Gilmore . Compared to not doing them----    Dr. Gilmore . You know, compared to not having the A-10s fly, you know, conducting the same missions that the F-35s would conduct in those two areas or those three areas, varies between $3.5 million and $5.2 million. The difference is the amount of refly that you have to do. When you are doing--just like when you are doing a test, you can't count on every scenario that you are trying to run actually working.    Dr. Gilmore. So you have to plan in the test for refly, the same way General Bogdan is planning for refly in developmental testing. So that is the reason for the range of $3.5 million to $5.2 million. We are working to, with the joint operational test team, to fit all of these comparison tests within the budget for operational testing, which was established, I think, about 5 years ago in the TEMP that is now rather out of date. But, nonetheless, we take that budget seriously. And we are working to fit all the comparison testing within that budget.    If there is--if we do go over, which, again, we are trying very hard not to do because we do take that budget limit seriously, it wouldn't be by more than 10 or 15 percent. And I would remind the committee that the Block 2B operational utility evaluation, which was supposed to have been done in 2015, was canceled at my recommendation 2 years ago because it was clear to me that the aircraft wouldn't be ready for that kind of rigorous operational test. And the service acquisition executives agreed. And that was a savings of about $100 million.    So we are working to keep within the existing budget and the CAS comparison testing, CSAR, and so forth is, again, a small amount of the overall cost, $3.5 million to $5.2 million.    Dr. Gilmore. Well, if we begin the operational testing, according to my estimate, which would be mid-calendar year 2018, the operational test will compose, will comprise, rather, about a year. It will take about a year. And then it would be a few months after that, no more than 6, hopefully fewer, to actually finish the report.    Dr. Gilmore. Yes.    Dr. Gilmore. The operational requirements document? I haven't heard that they are.    Dr. Gilmore. I haven't heard that they are. And then the F-35s are going to be replacing the F-16s.    Dr. Gilmore. So I am a bit puzzled. But all I know is what the existing operational requirements document said.    Dr. Gilmore. I am not aware of any.    Dr. Gilmore. Well, you know, I don't know whether the capabilities will be degraded.    Dr. Gilmore. That is what the comparison testing is supposed to find out.    Dr. Gilmore. And that is why we are planning it to be, you know, absolutely fair. We are going to consider all the conditions under which close air support are done, all the different kinds of threats. And it certainly will be a challenge.    In fact, the A-10 couldn't survive in the highest threat environments. But we are also looking at, you know, less stressing threats like the ones that the A-10 is being used in, the environments it is being used in today: urban, rural situations, buildings, vehicle personnel, different kinds of control for the close air support, different kinds of control interaction, all of the things that you know are done in close air support missions.    We are going to set up the missions. And then the A-10 pilots and the F-35 pilots will use those two aircraft to their best capabilities, using whatever TTPs they have. We are certainly not going to specify how the missions are done. We are going to specify what the mission is. And then we will do matched pairs comparisons of how well each set of pilots and aircraft can perform those missions the way they choose to.