    Mr. Shimkus. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I was almost going to sneak out from the hearing. And I understand there is some people who want to see this information. And I think if you did national polling, people would say sure, I would like to have it on. I don't think I have ever in my life read a menu label. I don't think I have ever looked for calorie numbers on anything I have consumed. And I bet that, I bet you I am in the majority of Americans.    So I just throw that out there. I really struggle with this. This is the perfect example of a nanny state, of a national government telling individual citizens and saying what is best for them and directing and pushing private sector individuals, to push people to consume things that they feel--that, it is, and it is unfortunate but we are here.    And so we have some issues to address. And I was here when we passed the healthcare law. All we passed was the Senate version of a bill. The Obamacare that passed, the healthcare law was a Senate bill that we passed on the floor without any additional debate or oversight for a year and a half later.    So, I want to go to Ms. Hubbard. OK. Here is the example, I have sons that I love very much. So they go and they get a drink at one of the convenience stores. They have personally titled a Scourade. Now, I am not sure what is in this thing. I think it is Sprite, Coke, Powerade, you know, that they mix themselves. You can't label for that, can you?    Mr. Shimkus. How many kind of items just in one of your locations would have multiple concerns about getting the right calorie count so you wouldn't--and if you didn't and if you were held accountable by, I guess, Federal law enforcement, I guess we are going to have Federal law enforcement, police, coming into retail stores, checking the menu labeling and ensuring adequate calories are posted in multiple combinations?    Mr. Shimkus. A felony?    Mr. Shimkus. Mr. Quinn, also a delegate, I guess that is what you call it in Virginia, part of this debate early during the healthcare law was the same debate we have here in Energy and Commerce, is that there was a concern that if we don't have a national--this is now put in a national bill, then there would be maybe local, community movements or county movements or even States would then disrupt national chains.    So to the extent some of the national chains say save us from ourselves or save us from the different parts of the country who may do individual referendums and have multiple--can you speak to that from both positions that you, as a representative, not representing the State, but, just can you address that?