    Mr. Stier. There we go. Thank you so much, Chairman Meadows, Ranking Member Connolly, Congressman Mulvaney, for having this hearing. It's phenomenal that you're shining a spotlight on such an important issue. Thank you also for the trips you've been taking to Federal agencies. It's a really terrific thing. I've heard great feedback, and building more relationships between Congress and the executive branch is absolutely vital.    Ranking Member Connolly, you raised the question in your opening statement about is it NASA's mission? I would tell you it is not the mission; it's leadership. What the data says across the board is you've got a highly committed workforce, whatever they're doing, if they're working at GSA or HUD. But where you have great leadership, you have engaged employees. And when I say great leaders, that really breaks down to a set of different issues that includes the ability to communicate effectively, get good information out, build trust with the employees, and also create a performance culture that's absolutely essential.    And I would note that, again, Chairman Meadows, you cited some terrific stats at the front end. There are some good stories, some bad stories. There's a lot of room for improvement, and I think focusing on agencies--I'm proud to be on this panel of all the folks here who are great public servants. It's a great way of bringing up the good things that our folks are doing that they can spread across government.    I want to focus my time, however, on making four recommendations of things that I think you all can do to help improve government management through improving government employee engagement. And the first and foremost, that would be modernizing the statute that is the basis for the information and all the work that you're doing here right now, the Federal Employee Viewpoint Survey.    The statute was part of the 2004 NDAA and now needs to be modernized for four different reasons, most important, and that is that OPM is in the process right now of rewriting the regulations. There are 45 required questions. They're bringing that down to 11. A number of the questions that you cited, Chairman Meadows, in that beginning, will not have to be required going forward if those regulations go through.    I think it's essential that this committee weigh in on making sure that critical information is actually gathered. OPM has done a terrific job. This is a change that I think unfortunately would unravel some important things, including our ability to do the Best Places to Work rankings, because one of our three key questions would be removed from the regulations as well. So we hope that the committee will look, number one, at trying to ensure that the right questions are actually included in the survey.    Number two, the survey needs to be conducted every year by the Office of Personnel Management. The statue currently does not require that to happen. Kudos, frankly, to OPM under the Obama administration, they've chosen to do it every year. Clearly, it's a more efficient operation to have one entity do the survey for all of government, and it's both cost-effective and it enables comparison across agencies, which you lose if OPM isn't required to do it for everybody. So that would be the second point on change that we think would be really important.    The third piece which is absolutely vital is getting the information out much faster. OPM has accelerated the time, and you'll see some nodding heads here about that. The truth of the matter is that you ask someone's opinion about what can be improved in their agency, and if they don't see anything done with that opinion for 6 months or 7 months or 8 months, that's a real problem. The only way the agencies can actually do anything with this is if that that information is turned around a lot faster. And therefore, I think that's a place, again, where you could legislatively put some, you know, incentives to make sure that it's getting out there much faster, not just the agencies, but to the public for organizations like the Partnership for Public Service.    And finally, we think information should actually be reported by occupation because that would enable really critical comparisons across the board wherever feasible.    So three other very quick suggestions for improvements that this committee could lead the way on, and the second one would be making sure that political leaders are actually held accountable for addressing engagement.    So one interesting thing that goes on here, we talk about a performance culture. In any other organization I've seen, you have the top leadership that has certain expectations that cascade down to the rest of the organization. The career workforce have performance plan obligations. The political workforce doesn't. Some agencies require performance plans for political appointees, but that's frankly a rarity. That ought to be done across the board so the career workforce can actually see how their work lines up against the priorities at the top for the agencies. And that should include a focus on talent management and employee engagement.    Number three would be improving the effort to create a culture of recognition and improve manager performance. So this is an area that I hope I can come back to. But we should be switching to probation period presumption that you automatically become non-probationary after you come through a year. Rather, our view is that a manager should actually have to make that choice. And the same goes for someone coming into a management position. If we have time at the end here or during your questions, I'd love to get into that.    And then the last piece I would like to focus on is just what you're seeing here, the sharing of best practice. To my mind, everything that should happen in the Federal Government is happening somewhere, just not in all the places it needs to. And we need to figure out ways to scale best practice, and that's a place your oversight can make a very big difference.    Thank you very much.    Mr. Stier. I think you're 100 percent right. I think, frankly, you need definitely to be able to recognize good performance if you want to encourage that to be the norm. And we don't have a culture of performance recognition in government, and that's one of the reasons why I think Federal employees are risk-averse. They see real downside and no real upside. So you have to provide that upside in order to be able to get the innovation that you want. Again, I think--not to pick on NASA in this context, but that's an area that they focus a lot on, and I think that's extremely important.    If I might also add, it's also very important not to roll up too much in the way of the data. So we talk about Department of Homeland Security being last. It's a very large organization and with multiple subcomponents, some of which are doing extremely well like the Coast Guard, which we heard about earlier. And so I think you need to disaggregate to some degree. Certainly, you need to hold top leadership accountable for the whole thing, but there are bright spots at DHS that ought to be, you know, recognized, as you're suggesting here.    But your point is phenomenally important. We have the Service to America medals, the CMEs where we find extraordinary people. Next week, we have a breakfast--the 4th, the 3rd. I hope you'll be there, just awesome stories about what you get when government is doing really right.    Mr. Stier. I do. I feel like the ranking member ----    Mr. Stier. All right.    Mr. Stier. All right. Well, so if I might, Mr. Chairman, respond?    Mr. Stier. Okay.    Mr. Stier. Okay.    Mr. Meadows.--so that's why I'm ----    Mr. Stier. Just very quickly in all seriousness, there's no question that an organization of 240,000 people is a much trickier proposition that an organization of 17,000. However, that's a different question about saying whether it's the mission or it's the leadership. If you look across this table and you ask each of these individuals, are they at their agency because they want to be at their agency, my bet is they'll say they care about housing, they care about labor, they care about, you know, homeland security, they care about the issues at NASA.    The Federal workforce, if you look at the data, says that by and large the employees are as mission-committed across the board as any organization. Where you see the differential is in their perspective of their leadership, not in their mission commitment. And that is true, and to your point earlier in the private sector, same thing. People who care about NASA issues are at NASA. People who care about homeland security, law enforcement, whatever issues are at DHS. What differentiates their views about their work environment and whether they're engaged is whether they believe that their leadership is giving them the resources they need to do their jobs well, whether they can see from what they do how they're connected to the overall mission, whether they, you know--on and on and on. That's where the clear--that's what the data shows.    I'd love to continue this conversation further. The turnaround issue is a separate one about the size that DHS has to deal with. That's one reason why I say break it into blocks, into the subcomponents. Thank you.    Mr. Stier. Well, or, you know, bluntly, I'm--you know, I will take a DHS example. Look at the Secret Service, which was an organization that actually had very high scores that you've seen decline over the course of the last 4 and 5 years. And I would posit that that's about leadership again. When you look at the--you know, the FDIC and the SEC, they swapped places in our rankings. I think that's about leadership. One was on the top, one was at the bottom. They flipped it, and that--so that's what you see.    The large--I mean, this is a statistical issue. The larger you get, the more close to the mean you're likely to get, and so that's going to drive your ----    Mr. Stier. Absolutely.    Mr. Meadows.--medium-size, small agencies, et cetera?    Mr. Stier. Absolutely. And at some point you slice it too much so the reality is we keep getting asked, well, we're not--we're a large agency but we're 240,000, we're not like 15,000, but you can only do so much ----    Mr. Stier. Super large, exactly.    Mr. Stier. But I think the bottom line here is that you look at the data, leadership is like two-thirds of what's driving what we're seeing here. And that's, you know, political leadership--and there's things you can do, which is what I've suggested, to help encourage the better behaviors.    Mr. Stier. I think, one, to recognize OPM has made it faster already but there's more that can be done. An example is the survey is held open for 3 months. It doesn't need to be that way in my view in today's day and age. There's a lot of technology and methodology that allows it to be done in a shorter time horizon.    So if you start asking people in the beginning of April, which is what's happening right now, surveys in the field, and you're not done until the end of June, that already means that folks that got their opinion asked in April are waiting forever before their information is actually collected.    I think that, like with a lot of things, this is a place where you can legislate and say this is our expectation, that this is the private sector benchmark and we expect the government to meet it. And if you did that, I think we would wind up with a faster turnaround and, as I might add, it should be public as well.    Mr. Stier. That's a terrific question, and the answer is yes, you do see that correlation. We don't have as much research done in the public sector as I'd like to see done, but in the private sector, there's a ton of data that show improved employee engagement, shows improved performance, increases bottom line ----    Mr. Stier. The VA actually has some good data that shows in those hospitals where they have higher employee engagement rates, you have higher customer service ----    Mr. Stier. Yes. It's what you would expect and it's there. What's also interesting is, subsequent to our starting the Best Places to Work rankings, the Government of Great Britain, Australia, Canada, you're now seeing this as a global phenomenon where other countries are recognizing that a good way to hold leadership accountable is to listen to the employees and to focus on employee engagement. So it ----    Mr. Stier. I would say it is slightly differently, and I'll give you the reason why.    Mr. Stier. I think that there is an opportunity to improve taxpayer results by improving the quality of the leadership experience of the employees at DHS.    Mr. Stier. Yes.    Mr. Jordan.--you said it ----    Mr. Stier. But I say that because I think it's still the case--I mean, that's one of the reasons why I'm all for the best places to work and not the worst places. I still think that the American taxpayer is getting a lot of good service from DHS.    Mr. Stier. There's an opportunity to make it better is my only point.    Mr. Stier. Yes.    Mr. Jordan.--the glass-half-full way. That is fine.    Mr. Stier. That's the way my mom taught me.    Mr. Stier. Well, first and foremost, you noted, you know, IRS is part of Treasury. It's the biggest part of the Treasury Department.    Mr. Stier. It drives the numbers there. You know, one thing I would note is we think there's an opportunity to actually ----    Mr. Stier. Yes, please.    Mr. Jordan.--just to interrupt, when you look at the numbers of the lower four, DHS being the last, but the lower four, two of them are going up in satisfaction of employees. IRS is going down even--their employee satisfaction with their working environment is going down even faster and lower than DHS. So they are moving--if this continues, it will be a couple of years where Ms. Bailey won't have to take all the tough questions; it will be Mr. Koskinen from the IRS taking it. If he is not already gone, he will be the one having to answer the tough questions.    Mr. Stier. Well, two quick things, the one is that we think there is an opportunity at the Partnership to do something around customer service similar to best places around employee engagement, and that would be to create a common customer service index for the Federal Government. And that would be a way that you would get more of your, you know, better correlations, but frankly, it would provide good accountability information for government agencies. That's a conversation that we would welcome to have. So that'd be terrific. Thank you.    Mr. Stier. And I think it's important to be focused on the employee engagement because all of us benefit with more engagement that way.    Mr. Stier. Thank you.