    Mr. Sensenbrenner. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Koskinen, first of all, thank you for coming here. I think that you have been able to present your side of the story in a very articulate manner in response to both friendly and hostile questions.    I want to make an observation before asking a couple of questions. This Administration has made a career or maybe history of basically ignoring whatever Congress wants to do in furtherance of its constitutional oversight responsibility. That includes blowing off subpoenas, delaying things, not having full disclosures, covering things up. And in the case of Lois Lerner, who was cited for contempt, the U.S. Attorney announced that he would not present the contempt citation of a separate court in a coequal branch of the government to the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia 30 minutes before he left office following resignation.    That, in my opinion, is an impeachable offense. But since he left office 30 minutes after he committed the offense, there was nothing that Congress could do. You know, I think we have to look at our ourselves. One of the things I think we should do is to allow the counsel for the clerk of the House to be able to go directly into U.S. District Court to enforce congressional subpoenas and, you know, other types of process to support our constitutional oversight responsibility.    And I think a lot of the problems that we have had not just with you and with the IRS, but with a lot of the other agencies, would be resolved if we could go directly into court rather than having to go through the roadblock of the Justice Department.    Now, that being said, I am very curious on how Lois Lerner, who as a member of the senior executive service, and who developed a reputation as a partisan when she was working for the Federal Election Commission, ended up getting to the IRS and being put in the position that she was in. I know this happened before your time, and I know you probably don't know why, but could you tell me, you know, what the process is of transferring SCS personnel from one agency to another agency and who initiates that and who signs off on that, you know, aside from the member of the SCS who is proposed to be transferred?    Mr. Sensenbrenner. Let me see. I don't think it was a coincidence that Lois Lerner left where she was from at the FEC and ended up where she went to in the IRS. You know, there had to be some kind of political design involved in that, and I think Congress should look into whether there are political transfers.    You know, the other thing, you know, I am proud of the fact that I am conservative, and I know you are not. But I think that one of the things that all of us who work for the government are supposed to do is to engender and increase public trust of government institutions, which isn't going very well now.    Now, put yourself in my shoes, you know, somebody who represents 715,000 people in Wisconsin. How do I tell my conservative constituents that they should increase their trust in the IRS and that what happened to a couple of my groups will never, ever happen again? Thank you.    Mr. Sensenbrenner. Thank you.