    Mr. Gallegos. Well, good morning and thank you, Chairman Barletta and Ranking Member Carson, for having us here this morning. And thank you for holding this hearing today to discuss the growing importance of utilizing innovative funding strategies to implement critically needed improvements along the United States border.    Today's fiscal environment requires strategic investments in border infrastructure that, you know, maximize limited resources and incentivize what we would call leveraged partnerships. I appreciate the opportunity to testify today on the unique funding or financing approaches that we in San Diego are exploring to help provide the need to safely and efficiently move people across our border crossings with Mexico.    Today I am not only representing the San Diego Association of Governments, but also representing the Coalition for America's Gateways and Trade Corridors. SANDAG serves as a forum for regional decisionmaking in San Diego County that incorporates all 18 cities and the county government along the U.S. border, where we have a combined population of a little over 5 million people. We are also the federally designated MPO, or metropolitan planning organization for the San Diego region.    And in my capacity as executive director of SANDAG, I am proud to serve as a board member of the coalition, a diverse coalition of more than 60 public and private organizations dedicated to increasing Federal investment in America's multimodal freight infrastructure. The coalition works to bring national attention to the needs of the U.S. multimodal system and to educate Members of Congress and the public on the need to develop consensus for Federal investment policy that supports intermodal connectors, trade corridors, freight facilities, and gateway access.    I would like to ask if we could advance a couple of slides to give the committee some perspective on the region context.    Mr. Gallegos. We could go to the next one, please. Click through all of those.    Mr. Gallegos. What this tries to do is show that, on the California and Mexico border today, we have seven border crossings. Four of those are in San Diego. As was highlighted in the earlier panel, San Ysidro is known as the busiest international border crossing in the Western Hemisphere, literally millions of pedestrians and vehicles cross each year. Otay Mesa is our major commercial gateway for international trade between California and Mexico, and it serves over 800,000 trucks annually.    Land border crossings like these are facing rising passenger and commercial traffic levels and congestion, as a result of increased international trade and levels of personal travel. Border crossings are a source of our economic mobility for our region, as well as the Nation. People and goods traverse our vibrant binational region daily.    However, due to the current 1- to 3-hour border wait times that occur daily, this represents lost economic opportunities and impacts our economy in a negative way. As a result, in 2005 SANDAG launched an initiative to innovatively plan and finance a state-of-the-art border crossing which we will refer to as Otay Mesa East.    Can you go to the next slide?    Mr. Gallegos. So, recognizing limited Federal resources available to implement new border crossings, it was determined that a new approach to financing border infrastructure improvements was needed. SANDAG has partnered with the California Department of Transportation, also known as Caltrans, in trying to develop this new border facility.    In order to facilitate this new financing approach, State legislation was passed that authorizes SANDAG to issue bonds for acquisition, construction, completion of transportation facilities, and to impose tolls and user fees for the use of the State route that would lead to the new border crossing.    Under this strategy, the region will capitalize on its experience and strength with tolling. SANDAG has been involved in variable tolling on Interstate 15 since 1996. We believe a variable tolling approach will not only serve as a source for new revenue for new border crossings, but will also serve as a mechanism for managing demand, which we think is important.    By utilizing SANDAG's financial authorities, we will be able to maximize public investment in the port of entry by utilizing toll revenues and then hopefully being able to leverage those with State, Federal, and local dollars. This would permit us to develop a new port of entry faster than following traditional funding processes.    Based on estimates, coupled with increased capacity and higher levels of service, we estimate that this new port of entry would generate a little over $4 billion over a 40-year period. This toll revenue would allow SANDAG to underwrite about $650 million worth in bonds that could be used to pay for the new facility.    This vision for the 21st-century border will decrease dependency on Federal dollars by focusing on new partnerships that help leverage the Federal dollars, establish a transportation demand tool that will help improve the efficiency of our border crossings, implement a border wait time detection system that would allow for a statewide--or a systemwide approach, and to managing traffic congestion at the border, something that doesn't happen today. And it would also allow for improving roads on both sides of the border that make our system more efficient.    We believe that this new border crossing will provide much-needed traffic relief and serve as an economic engine for our region and the State.    Go the next slide.    Mr. Gallegos. So I wanted to use this slide to illustrate some of the progress we have made today. We have managed to leverage about $150 million of State and local dollars with about $286 million in Federal dollars. And what you see there in magenta, that first section has recently been completed and is now open to traffic. And the sections in blue and brown are the ones we are working on, and we hope to have those at least to sign and ready to go to construction by 2018, at the earliest.    You can go to the last slide.    Mr. Gallegos. And so, let me close by saying that SANDAG, as well as the Coalition for America's Gateways and Trade Corridors, are delighted to have this opportunity to address critical border issues of border station construction and look for ways to maximize and leverage dollars.    And I also want to take this opportunity to thank the Members of Congress for the last transportation bill. For the first time it starts really addressing dollars for freight, and helps us hopefully maintain the competitive edge that I think this country has globally.    So with that, Mr. Chairman, I want to thank you, and I would be pleased to answer any questions you may have.    Mr. Gallegos. So I think first we should acknowledge the world's busiest border crossing. And so, the fact that they have, you know, double-staffed the booths should allow us to get, hopefully, more throughput production out of the new border crossing. And I think the steps that are taking--that are still to come in phase 3 and--because the last panel highlighted phase 3 became sort of phase 2, and phase 2 became sort of phase 3.    But the one thing that needs to be done and done as soon as possible in the next two phases is to improve the pedestrian experience. We have pedestrians who are taking several hours and cross and facilities that are less than adequate to handle the pedestrian movement. But we are optimistic that when phase 2 and 3 come, that all that is going to improve.    We should also highlight, Mr. Chairman, for the committee that we have worked closely in partnership with GSA and CBP to bring local dollars forward to also make key transit connections in a key intermodal center that will allow the local transportation system to integrate with the Federal investment that is being made. And that is something that I think we got to work harder at doing better in the future, that we, you know, not only look at the border crossing itself, but what are the connections that are necessary to make them work on both sides of the borders, both on the Mexican and the U.S. border.    Mr. Gallegos. Well, first of all, thank you for the question. And I think the innovative approaches that we are proposing is one way to do that. But another, I think, key component for us has been the development of border master plans. And in many ways, they are similar to general plans that cities have, so that if you understand how lands proposing to be zoned to be used on both sides of the border, both on the Mexican side and the U.S. side, that those land use plans then become the drivers for, you know, the businesses, the investment, the growth that is going to happen in those borders.    And so, I think local governments working with the State, working with the Federal Government on both sides of the border, can develop these master plans as a planning tool to allow governments at all three levels on our side of the border and governments on the Mexican side of the border to do a better job of planning and forecasting what our needs are going to be in the future. And I think these border master plans are a fairly new phenomena. We haven't been doing them for a long time.