    Mr. O'Brien. Thank you, Vice Chairman Walberg, Ranking Member Connolly, members of the subcommittee. Thank you for the opportunity to testify on the Federal Long Term Care Insurance Program.    OPM's mission is to recruit, retain, and honor a world-class Federal workforce to serve the American people. Part of that mission requires OPM to administer benefits, including the insurance product such as the Federal Long Term Care Insurance Program, for Federal employees, annuitants, and their families.    At the outset, let me make clear that I share the committee's frustration that premiums needed to be raised by such a significant amount. I and my colleagues at OPM are painfully aware of the financial burden and hard choices those premium increases placed on participants. However, we cannot avoid our primary responsibility to those participants to assure that when the time comes for someone to use the benefit that they have paid for, the funds will be there to deliver those services.    The Federal Long Term Care Insurance Program currently serves roughly 270,000 members whose premiums cover 100 percent of program's costs. All those premiums and the income those premiums generate is held in a single Experience Fund by John Hancock. While the fund is held by John Hancock, it belongs to the program and not the insurer. The Federal Long Term Care Insurance Program must assure that it can provide benefits decades into the future. Therefore, premiums must be based on long-term projection of both costs and revenues.    We are here today because at the end of the most recent contract cycle, the long-term insurance program had to respond to two hard facts. First, estimates of long-term care costs are increasing. And second, projection of long-term revenues to support those costs are decreasing. The confluence of higher anticipated costs and lower anticipated returns is not unique to the Federal Long Term Care Insurance Program. The entire long-term care insurance market faces this challenge.    Given these circumstances, increased premiums were necessary for the long-term viability of the Experience Fund. Without the increase, there would be an unacceptable risk that the Experience Fund would not have sufficient funds to pay for future claims.    In order to test the market and ensure that the reasonable efforts were made to attract the most competitive proposal, OPM made the decision to recompete the contract. John Hancock was the sole bidder, and OPM awarded the contract in April 2016. The premium rates proposed by John Hancock were reviewed by OPM's staff and its actuaries. In addition, OPM contracted with a separate independent actuary to evaluate the proposed premium rates and confirm the reasonableness of the assumptions used.    While the long-term viability of the Experience Fund made a substantial rate increase necessary, OPM was well aware of the economic hardship that the rate increase would cause participants. OPM's priority became to do all it could to ensure that enrollees had the information and opportunity to make informed choices about the costs and benefits of coverage in light of their own circumstances and needs.    Working with John Hancock and long-term care partners, we conducted an enrollee decision period from July the 18 to September 30. Outreach efforts included three direct mailings to enrollees with personalized information about the rate increase and options that they could use to adjust their benefit package to reduce their premium or keep the same premium; a Web site, also with personalized information, as well as a set of informational videos that explain benefit options; and finally, a fully staffed call center that assured individuals could get their questions answered by a real person.    In large part, the enrollees took advantage of this enrollee decision period. By the end of October, 172,000 enrollees, or just shy of two-thirds of the entire population, took some action in response to the premium changes. Of those who took action, most chose to keep their premium constant by reducing their benefit package.    While OPM remains committed to the FLTCIP program and the individuals it serves, we must also acknowledge that the long-term care insurance marketplace has changed substantially from 2002 when the program started. At that time, over 100 insurers offered long-term care products. Today, only a handful of insurers are actively selling long-term care insurance, and those insurers are primarily serving individuals by individual policies rather than group plans.    The challenge of matching premiums with long-term costs and revenues is real and ongoing. OPM staff is and will continue to closely monitor these trends and what it means for the long-term care insurance program and work to ensure that participants have an array of options to meet their needs.    Thank you for the opportunity to testify today, and I am happy to address any questions you may have.    Mr. O'Brien. Yeah. We do not have any proposals to bring before the committee right now. However, we are very interested and committed to working with anyone on ideas that might work. We appreciated some of the ideas that are shared in their testimony and we look forward to working with people to figure out what we can do moving forward.    Mr. O'Brien. Honestly, we do not think that shortening the contract----    Mr. O'Brien. Sorry about that.    Honestly, we don't think that shortening the contract period from 7 to 3 years--we can make adjustments during the contract periods if we desire to. So a shorter contract period does not necessarily solve any problem.    Mr. O'Brien. That's an excellent question, and I'd like to kind of go through the timeline. What we had found at the end of the last contract cycle, there were two sets of hard facts we had to deal with.    First, when we got the funded status report in June of 2014 was when the reevaluation of long-term cost projections by John Hancock indicated that the long-term care--long-term costs of the program were higher than we were originally projected.    Then in April, as part of the contract when they provided us with bids, they had done additional revisions of their assumptions, including revisions to their long-term projection of revenue returns. So we had--as I said in my testimony, we had the confluence of two unfortunate factors. We had higher long-term projected costs and we had lower long-term projected returns. So those two facts meant that we had a very huge increase coming on.    We then had a decision we could make. We could have made a decision where you could have phased in the increases over several years, but we knew what the magnitude of those increases were going to be.    So Mr. Cohen has made the thing that people would rather have more frequent, smaller increases, but I would put that in context, given the magnitude of the bad facts that we had to deal with, it's different to say, yes, give me smaller increases rather than give me 30 percent this year and then follow it up with 40 percent next year. Because then you have the situation, long-term care that people can make the 30 percent increase and they stretch to make their budget, but they can't make the 40 percent increase. So they're in a circumstance where we have effectively made them pay additional money for a benefit they will not be able to take advantage, because they made the choice----    Mr. O'Brien. Well, I'm--we were criticized in hearings in 2009, and we took those criticisms to heart. Exactly the points you're making, Congressman.    Since 2009, the materials that are shared with enrollees have extensive information about the fact that premiums can increase. In fact, people positively attested they are aware of that. I'm happy to share with you in detail the information of how we've changed the materials and what information we now provide people since 2009 to clarify the possibility that their premiums will increase.    If we can improve on that and make it even clearer, we are happy to do so, but we think we made extensive changes to the materials to make that clear.    Mr. O'Brien. Roughly 3 percent of policyholders chose to drop coverage so that they took the contingent nonforfeiture option. Of the 172,000 people who made a decision during the decision period, roughly a little over half, or 93,000 of those, took the option whereby they reduced their benefit to keep their premium the same.    Mr. O'Brien. There were various options in terms of how you could reduce the benefit to keep the premium the same, so it wasn't a one-size-fits all.    Mr. O'Brien. Yes.    Mr. O'Brien. I believe what I said is that we've given----    Mr. O'Brien. I'm sorry.    Mr. O'Brien. Okay. I believe what I'm saying is that we do not have a position that I can offer in terms of recommendations to this committee as far as what we think we should do to move forward in terms of addressing the problems in long-term care insurance. I have found this hearing very, very helpful. There's a number of ideas and proposals and ways to deal with the challenges of the program, and we are wide open to working with this committee and all of these individuals on how we can come up with solutions.    Mr. O'Brien. My testimony is that we do not have a proposal that is ready for being shared with the committee at this time. The options and the discussion that has been offered around here goes in a number of different directions. We would like to evaluate those possibilities and come to this committee and this group with a proposal that we could really play out and we've weighed all the pros and cons, and we have not yet done that.    Mr. O'Brien. We are continuing to work. I cannot give you a timeline at this time, sir.    Mr. O'Brien. Yes.    Mr. O'Brien. I think about a dozen has been stated at this meeting.    Mr. O'Brien. Would I had that option, it would have been great.    Mr. O'Brien. I would like to avoid that as well.    Mr. O'Brien. Again, what we had is we had, first, a revaluation by John Hancock in terms of their long-term cost projections, which we learned about in June of 2014. And that was when we knew that there were going to need to be rate increases, but those were the higher costs. Then later, as there were continued refinements to the assumption, including the revisions to the long-term investment returns, we got the new premium rates in April of 2015. And that's when we had the situation where we had 83 percent average rate increases that we rolled out.    It's a fair discussion about whether or not you would have done that incrementally, you know, did one increase followed by the other increase, and which would have been the least pain? The decision we made, which was--and the risk we thought we ran once we knew that there was going to be substantial rate increases needed over the period to keep the Experience Fund solvent into the future, which is our primary responsibility, is that if we had done it in what were going to be large increments no matter what we did, increments of 20 and 30 percent over several years, we thought we ran the risk of essentially having people stretch to stay in the program, and then a year later when they got the next increase be unable to do it, and they would have been paying an additional year's premium that they could not afford and have gotten no benefit from it.    What we decided--and it's fair to say there were other decisions that were possible--was to do the entire increase at this point based on the best information we have to take the fund, you know, on the best information we have into the future and provide these opportunities for landing spots, you know, as opportunities to maintain the current premium, cut your benefit a little and pay a little bit more premium or keep the same premium, if that's all you could afford. That was the decision we made, and I still feel it was the correct one.