    Mr. Bishop. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    I apologize for my delinquency. I was at another hearing going on at the same time, and I was required to stay there until its completion.    Let me welcome the witnesses this morning, and let me get right into FDA security of food records. Some Members of Congress have expressed concerns about whether FDA has taken adequate measures to protect additional trade secrets and confidential information entrusted to the agency as part of its regulatory activities under FSMA.    In particular, in August of 2015, the House committee on Energy and Commerce investigated FDA's security of food industry trade secrets and confidential information. The report notes that FSMA expanded FDA access to company records involving sensitive business information of regulated entities in the food industry, and it questioned FDA's ability to protect that information.    In February of this year the committee leadership sent a letter to FDA asking for information to allow the committee to determine whether FDA has taken adequate measures to protect additional trade secrets and confidential information entrusted to FDA.    Can you describe what actions FDA has taken to respond to these concerns?    Mr. Bishop. Thank you. Thank you very much. I look forward to that.    State agriculture officials and representatives of the National Association of State Departments of Agriculture have continued to push for full FSMA funding so that front line State officials can prepare for implementation.    NASDA further supports the administration's request for an additional $25.3 million in budget authority for FDA food safety and FSMA implementation for fiscal year 2017.    Can you describe how FDA's federal staff work with your state partners on the ground to ensure that states have adequate technical support and resources to implement the various regulations under FSMA?    And what type of support is provided to the state public health and agricultural agencies to implement FSMA's requirements?    And what is the level of financial and technical resources that is provided to states?    Mr. Bishop. Thank you.    Let me talk about the Cancer Moon Shot Initiative. February 1st, the White House launched the National Cancer Moon Shot Initiative, and according to the President's budget request, FDA is requesting $75 million in mandatory resources, a direct transfer.    As part of the initiative, FDA will establish a virtual Oncology Center of Excellence to streamline collaboration across FDA's human drugs, biologics, and devices and radiological health programs. It has also mentioned collaboration with NIH.    Can you explain the collaboration between NIH and FDA, and what are the expected deliverables in fiscal year 2016 and from what resources?    Mr. Bishop. I commend you for that, and as a cancer survivor, I certainly appreciate the elimination or the proposed elimination of all of the silos that have slowed down the collaboration.    So I wish you the best in that, and any way that we can do to be helpful, please let us know.    Mr. Bishop. Thank you very much. I want to talk about Congressional directives regarding the FDA foods program. The enacted fiscal year 2016 agricultural appropriations bill contains a number of other policy riders for a range of programs that are related to FDA's foods program, and not all of the provisions are directly related to food safety activities but involve other FDA food programs.    For example, the enacted law prevents the use of any funds to, one, implement the 2015 Dietary Guidelines for Americans unless the Department of Health and Human Services and the U.S. Department of Agriculture comply with specified requirements; two, prohibits implementation of policies that would require a reduction in the quantity of sodium contained in the federally reimbursed meals, foods, and snacks sold in schools below a certain level set in the regulation; and three, enforce FDA's final regulations regarding restaurant menu labeling.    The fiscal year 2016 appropriations bill also allows states to grant an exemption to schools from certain whole grain requirements that took effect in July 2014, and it asserts that no partially hydrogenated oils shall be deemed unsafe or adulterated until FDA's formal phaseout, starting in June 2018.    The Senate committee report further expresses concern that FDA has not published the results of its study of consumer responses to nutrition labeling regarding added sugars. Can you describe how the FDA has responded to these congressional directives within the agency's food program? I note that FDA's preliminary responses to some of these requirements were discussed in your justification of estimates for the Appropriations committee. So would you address that for me, please?    Mr. Bishop. Thank you, sir. That is all I have.    Mr. Bishop. Thank you very much.    Let me welcome you, and before I start let me associate myself with remarks of other colleagues and our witnesses with regard to our colleague, Mr. Farr. He has really brought thoughtful, meaningful questions and ideas to this committee, and we are going to miss him very greatly, and I just want to add my voice to those who are saying adieu and indicating how much we really are going to miss your thoughtful dialogue here.    I have got a couple of questions. One, the Price Loss Coverage (PLC) Program, there are a number of farmers who participate in the Price Loss Coverage Program who have recurring difficulties in the processing of payment requests, as well as issuing of the payments themselves.    In 2015, you enrolled 1.76 million farmers in the Agriculture Risk Coverage (ARC) and the Price Loss Coverage Programs by conducting unprecedented education campaigns. ARC and PLC are part of the farm safety net providing assistance only when there are year-to-year crop revenue and commodity downturns.    It is my understanding that the FSA IT staff determined that the issue was a defect that occurred in the payment software process which supports several of FSA's payment applications.    We first contacted the Department regarding this issue in December of last year, and we were assured in January that the software issues were being addressed and corrected. In fact, we were told that the software had been modified and was being tested for a late January release.    But just as recently as last week several farmers have contacted our offices to express concern that the problems still persist and have not yet been addressed.    Can you tell us exactly what the status is and what the plan is to get this issue resolved?    Mr. Bishop. Please do because we continue to get recurring complaints from our constituents.    Mr. Bishop. Let me talk about cotton. Earlier this year I joined 99 members and colleagues requesting that you make cottonseed an eligible commodity under the new Price Loss Coverage and the Agriculture Risk Coverage Programs that were created under the 2014 farm bill.    Needless to say many of us were quite disappointed with your decision and the legal interpretation that the farm bill does not provide you the authority and that you do not otherwise have the authority to make that cottonseed designation.    However, as a result of some direct conversations and discussions with the Secretary, it appears that we may have an alternative temporary solution, which would center around the creation of a Cotton Gin Cost Sharing Program.    Can you update the subcommittee on any progress which has been made in this area or if there are any other developments with respect to cottonseed, and what administrative authority does USDA have that can be used to provide assistance to the cotton folks who are in dire need right now?    Mr. Bishop. Thank you.    I think my time has just about expired. So I will yield back.