    Ms. Stefanik. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank you to the panelists for being here today. I have two questions. The first one will be quite broad. The second one will be quite specific. As you are well aware, the threats to the United States have evolved dramatically in the last 10 years. State and non-state adversaries have adapted to a new digital environment quite well. And it is important that the United States invests in the time, training, and infrastructure to counter the whole spectrum of cyber threats.    So as we see in the news, cyber provocation against the DOD infrastructure continues to increase, what is your assessment of the DOD's ability to counter such intrusions today? And what can I tell soldiers that I represent at Fort Drum in my district what we are doing to ensure that they are protected? And what have we learned about the enemy? And how has that changed our approach? That is the first broad question.    Ms. Stefanik. Okay, so the specific questions are actual follow-ups to your answer. When you reference the cybersecurity scorecard process, what is the scorecard exactly? Can you get into more specifics? Can this information and will this information be shared with Congress? Are there plans to expand scorecards beyond cybersecurity? And how does a negative scorecard rating of a DOD component, what is the consequence of that?    Ms. Stefanik. Can that information be shared with Congress?    Ms. Stefanik. And the results of the scorecards that are shared?    Ms. Stefanik. And the last question is, you talked about the Department's plans to move to the Windows 10 operating system with a mandate to so by a certain date. What is the cost of that transition?    Ms. Stefanik. Great, I would look forward to getting more of that in writing afterwards. I yield back.    Ms. Stefanik. Thanks, Mr. Chairman. My final question relates to the personnel side of this issue. So one of the challenges that I think we clearly face is ensuring that our cyber, technical, and workforce capabilities can scale economically. And a significant issue for the industry is the clearance process.    Is there any thought being given to an approach for fast-tracking clearance processing for critical skills position, such as computer network operations programmers, to better enable effective support as your mission requirements expand?    Ms. Stefanik. Mr. Halvorsen, do you have anything to add?    Ms. Stefanik. Okay, thank you very much. I yield back.