    Mr. Perry. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I would like to drag this hearing back to what I thought it was about, which is financially rewarding terrorism in the West Bank and with an eye toward that.    The U.S. policy toward the Palestinians consists of three end goals: To establish a stable--I am just reading them--lasting and peaceful end to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict through direct bilateral negotiations, that is one; two, to counter Palestinian terrorist groups; and, three, to establish norms of democracy, accountability, and good governance.    Now, the U.S. funding of the United Nations Relief and Works Agency for Palestinian Refugees in the Near East, or UNRWA, as we usually call it, runs counter to every single one of these three policy goals. UNRWA's ties to what I characterize and what many of us characterize as a terrorist organization, Hamas, both threaten bilateral negotiations and undermine U.S. efforts to counter Palestinian terrorist groups.    Since 2006, Hamas-affiliated candidates have held all 11 seats on the UNRWA teachers' union executive board. UNRWA schools use textbooks and materials that delegitimize Israel, denigrate Jews, and venerate martyrdom. These materials work to indoctrinate the Palestinian youth, making them susceptible to radical militant groups such as Hamas.    The unfortunate yet foreseeable result of this curriculum can be seen in an April 2016 poll that found that 78.6 percent of the youth in Gaza and 46.4 percent of the youth in the West Bank support the Knife Intifada. Furthermore, 76 percent of the terrorists taking part in the Knife Intifada were under the age of 30. Now, UNRWA's education system seems to have created a large pool of indoctrinated youth hellbent on attacking Israelis.    UNRWA's employees are screened for ties to terrorism, but the vetting system, believe it or not, focuses on things like al-Qaeda or the Taliban but does not focus on Hamas or Hezbollah. It is crazy. Ninety-five-point-five percent of Palestinians in the West Bank and Gaza believe the Palestinian Authority is corrupt, and 82 percent of Gazans believe Hamas is corrupt. Yet UNRWA effectively works as a support service for both of these organizations, taking care of basic government services. This, in effect, subsidizes with American dollars these groups' corrupt and oftentimes terroristic activities.    The total annual budget for the United Nations Relief and Works Agency for Palestinian Refugees in the Near East, or UNRWA, for Fiscal Year 2015 was $1,246,802,614. And since its inception in 1950, the United States has contributed more than $5.6 billion to the agency, more than any other single nation. And in Fiscal Year 2015, the United States contributed $390.5 million, making up 31 percent of the agency's budget.    Do any of you fine gentlemen on the panel object to my legislation, which would prevent U.S. taxpayers from continuing to fund this agency?    Mr. Perry. It doesn't close up; we just don't fund it anymore.    Mr. Perry. My tax dollars, your tax dollars, their tax dollars don't fund it anymore.    Mr. Perry. I guess somebody is going to have to make a decision on what their priorities are.    Mr. Perry. I say that a dirty sea and sewage is bad, but it is better than people being stabbed, blown up, rocketed, et cetera.    Mr. Perry. Okay.    Mr. Perry. That is what they can do. But what we can do is stop funding the training camps that would be described as our elementary schools, our daycares, our middle schools, right?    Mr. Perry. We are funding that.    Mr. Perry. Troubled?    Mr. Perry. You got to be more than--with all due respect, sir----    Mr. Perry . We are all troubled, right? We are talking about action here. This hearing is about the funding of terrorism----    Mr. Perry . Taxpayer funding, and that is why I asked the question.    Mr. Perry. So while we talk about platitudes here and we are all troubled--and we all are, rightfully so, yourself included--we have an opportunity here to do something.    Mr. Perry. With all due respect, sir, I hear what you are saying, but the policy that comes to--and I thank your indulgence, Mr. Chairman--what I see as appeasement at some point, that it is my duty, that it is my duty to figure out how to solve that problem or I must pay some blood money, extortion, seems counterintuitive to every moral code that I have ever followed in my life.    Mr. Perry. Maybe round one can be a forcing function.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I yield back.