    Mr. Cardenas. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman. And I appreciate this opportunity to discuss this important issue that really is hampering our economic ability throughout the country. One of the things that the United States has been recognized for, and we should be very proud of, is we are the innovative capital of the world, but when we have people who take opportunity to try to thwart that, that is something that, to me, strikes at the core of our ability to continue to be an economic driver, not only for ourselves as a country but for the world.    Last year, I introduced a bipartisan bill to address patent troll abuse at the International Trade Commission. Patent trolls have been impacting businesses in every forum, and we should do everything that we can to curb their ability to exploit businesses of every size, small and large. Patent trolls' abuse of the complicated patent system can harm our economy, and hamper innovation by imposing huge litigation costs on productive companies.    I would like to get a sense of the significance of the problem that we--that faces us here today. Ms. Ranieri, in your testimony, you quoted Seventh Circuit Judge Posner's statement, and I am paraphrasing, patent trolls are not trying to protect the market for products they want to produce, but instead, lay traps for producers. How does patent toll activity negatively affect the economy and innovation as far as you are concerned?    Mr. Cardenas. So, for example, what you just described, I would imagine could, in fact, wreak havoc on a small inventor, a small company, maybe with 5 employees, or 10 or 20 employees, that that particular product is the reason for their existence as a company. Could that kind of activity actually bring such a company like that to bankruptcy or to actually fold? And when I say fold, that means that that 5 or 10 or 20 employees in that scenario now will have to go look for work elsewhere. Do--have you ever seen that happen?    Mr. Cardenas. Upwards of how much did he spend? I mean, was it only $5,000, $10,000, $50,000 perhaps?    Mr. Cardenas. Exactly. That is a small business. Very few small businesses can part with those kinds of resources and stay in business, and that is at the core of what the problem is. The problem here is, in my opinion, we have individuals and law firms that are just preying on people without even any regard or concern for the cause and the consequence of what happens. And to lose in such a case, or what have you, it appears, in my opinion, that an organization that would bring that upon a small business would probably still flourish and go on, probably have many irons in the fire, such as the one you just described, but you have a small business, one after another, after another, who just disappear because of this practice that should not be allowed.    Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman. I yield back.