    Mr. Schneider. I think another thing--this isn't directly a contract issue--is to use the tools that they've already purchased. I think one thing we see a lot in both the private sector and in the public sector is the acquisition of technologies that then aren't even configured properly and used properly. So a lot of the investment that happens both within private organizations as well as the public organizations is to take the technology purchases and make sure that you have the right human capital and the right best practices to deploy those properly. I mean, the most cost-effective thing you can do is use the money that you've already spent more wisely, so I think that's one key that we see as well.    Chairwoman Comstock. Okay. Thank you.    Dr. Casado?    Mr. Schneider. Yeah, we're starting to see a lot more engagement in Silicon Valley from various elements of the government. One example is the DHS has obviously been very active over the last couple of years. There's a new DOD project called DIUX where they've now established in Moffett Field right across from Silicon Valley trying in much the way that Incutel's been able to invest in startups to bring some of their technology needs to the Valley, so I think we're seeing a lot more engagement over the last year.    Mr. Schneider. I think it's very similar in that it's a best practice that's not codified directly into the framework but it's something that in the ability to protect your information is becoming an industry best practice. The example I would give in the discussion about in the future there probably should not even be passwords as a core element of how we access information because it's so eminently hackable, and we really feel like a future with rich, multifactor levels of authentication is the right approach, and you can imagine yourself. You go back to your office afterwards, you sit down to check your email. If you're using a mobile device that tracks your location, there's already two or three factors of authentication that say I'm supposed to be in my office, I'm in my office, I'm accessing email, my device says I'm there, you may then ask for a PIN or additional kind of level of authentication but it's really having those kinds of dynamic authentication we see in the future and not static passwords that have been such a broken part of security today.    Mr. Schneider. One area that we're very invested in right now is on helping kind of the people part of the equation. I mean, technology will continue to be an important element of any security approach and automation underneath, but clearly it's the people on top that we have to make sure are adequately trained, and one of the areas we've been highly invested in over the last couple years is simulation platforms to help us all understand what cyber breaches look like, what cyber incidents look like and be able to respond to those. So many companies today, for example, they send out fake phishing emails to their employees and see whether they respond or not, and if they report it to their security organizations. That's one simple example. There's also simulation platforms that take real-world breaches and model those and allow security professionals to interact with those. So that's an area that's been, I think, on the DOD side, you know, things like cyber range initiatives, very mature for a number of years. This is really now coming into the private sector and civilian agencies and a scenario that Symantec has invested heavily in, and I think there's a lot of potential for cooperation with some of the labs.    Mr. Schneider. I think one of the challenges of cybersecurity is it's a global phenomenon, and many of the attackers are not in the United States and they're not in a particular state in the United States, but the assets that they're protecting may be. So I think the legal kind of considerations can be pretty complicated.    The other thing is, as more and more infrastructure moves to cloud platforms, which are also deployed globally, even where those assets are becomes more of a challenge. So I think in general, the answer is yes, but there's a lot of complexity to the global nature of cybersecurity.    Mr. Schneider. Actually, one point if I can.    Mr. Schneider. There are a number of great examples where there's been cooperation between the private sector and law enforcement to do takedowns. I could give you a number of them. I mean, Gameover Zeus is a recent one where Zeus has been a financial fraud botnet that's been around, very successful for a number of years. It was put out by a private-public partnership. The next version of that came online. Symantec and a number of private companies as well as FBI and Europol brought down that botnet. And this is the botnet that actually was really propagating things like Cryptolocker, which maybe you heard about, where it takes people's machines and encrypts all the information and extorts you to get that information back. So there's some very kind of successful examples, but I think to your point, a much more consistent global approach is needed.    Mr. Schneider. Yeah, there's a particular individual in Eastern Europe that has been prosecuted and convicted.    Mr. Schneider. No. It's in Europe.    Mr. Schneider. Yeah. I think ultimately social engineering is always going to be part of the security equation because we as human beings are fallible. So I think systems have to be put in place to enable us to do a better job of helping to secure our own information as well as, you know, our company, our agency's information, and I mean, I think some of the examples I would give you, though, are in the training area that we talked about, helping all of us to think more about security, be more thoughtful about security. But secondarily, it's the kind of security architecture underneath that makes it much, much harder for the attackers to get the information that we care the most about. So all the world's information is not created equal. As you identified, medical health records are much more important to us or financial records are much more important to us than the lunch menu that we're going to look at today. So it's taken a much more, I think, granular approach to information protection, identifying the sensitive information that we care the most about and put more security investment around those kinds of assets than kind of the generic assets that are out there.    Mr. Schneider. And I think the other point is, there's a huge gap of security professionals in this country today, so creating the educational programs to enable returning veterans and high school and college students to choose careers in cybersecurity is something that's very important as well.    Mr. Schneider. I think the approach that makes a huge amount of sense when you think about all this connectivity is to really understand and protect the information and the identities of the folks that are trying to access it, and that's really what we've seen in security over the last, you know, five-plus years is this move toward not just protecting systems and networks but truly understanding the information and the most sensitive information and putting the right kinds of protection around that.    Mr. Schneider. I mean, I think there's a set of approaches that are not defensive and are much more proactive that are in place today and will continue to expand. So one example is around things like honey pots, so if the bad guys are attacking you and you give them a place that looks like a legitimate part of your infrastructure that they go to and spend all of their time and energy attacking, you protect your real assets and you're able to study what they're doing at the same time. There's also things like shock absorbers where the harder an attacker hits you with traffic, the more you slow them down and do things like tar pitting. So there's a whole set I think of defensive and more proactive defensive measures that aren't offensive, don't go directly after the attackers that are in place today and are actually very successful within the enterprise.    Mr. Schneider. If you think about, you know, threat information, vulnerability information, I mean, for many, many years in the cybersecurity industry we've been sharing those kinds of information, and some of the keys are being able to take it and aggregate it and anonymize it and share it in a safe way because we're taking information that is, you know, specific to a particular industry or a set of customers and trying to gain the security knowledge but not, you know, not put any of that information at risk. So it's something that's been happening for many, many years in the security industry and I think it's an important element but not, of course, the final answer.    Mr. Schneider. The one point that I would make and kind of double-click on again is education. I mean, there's a huge and growing gap in the number of cybersecurity professionals available, and Symantec's been doing a lot of work with local universities, but it's not just universities, you know, it's primary education, it's getting the boys and girls that are in high school today and actually really focusing on girls as well to think about careers in cybersecurity and the skill sets that goes with that.