    Mr. Allen. Yes Sir Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank you to the panel for being here today and your testimony on this important subject. Obviously, I think the American people have spoken, and they want choice, and they do want accountability. I think each one of you demonstrated that as well.    Ms. Merriweather, I have had an occasion to visit some universities and some schools in the district. Frankly, in talking with the administration at one of the major universities, I was shocked to learn, I said what is your biggest challenge, and they said the emotional health of our students.    Of course, I remember back on my college days. Those were some of the best days of my life, toughest days, but was a great time in my life.    I was more shocked to go into a fairly wealthy area of the district and talk to an elementary school, and I'm sitting there with the administration, and I said what is your biggest challenge, and they said it is the emotional health of our students.    Now, obviously, there was a time in your life where you were in a bad place. I mean you were dealing with things that I think is unfair for a young person to have to deal with, to be honest with you. I am just totally amazed to hear your courageous and heroic story.    What was it that turned you around? What I told these folks at the elementary school is I said we have to address the mind, the body, and the spirit, the three aspects of the student. What is it that turned your life around?    Mr. Allen. Well, by law, I am not sure our public schools can address that, the whole, by law. Teachers are restrained from doing the very thing that saved your life, because they could be sued.    I will tell you an example of that. We have a school--of course, you know, the facts are this, and we can talk about accountability all we want to, but the reason I am in Congress is because of Heritage School in Augusta, Georgia. That is a Christian school. That school takes in the kids, innocent kids, who are declared losers in the public school system.    Only one of those children has not graduated from high school, and they are pursuing a music career in Nashville, and will probably be able to buy General Motors based on their talent level. That is the only student who has not finished high school and most of those kids are in college, whereas in Richmond County, we have 33,000 kids, we graduate about half of them in the public school system.    Mr. Robinson, those are the facts. Why do we keep debating this?    Mr. Allen. Yes. For disclosure, we elected, my wife and I, to send our children to a Christian school. Mr. Bryan, we do not regret that. In fact, our children have got a good education and they seem to understand a great value system.    Where in the value system--I am out of time here--from the standpoint of what you are doing in North Carolina--