    Dr. Jacobs-Young. So thank you for that question. Absolutely. Right away, when we had the issues in the Midwest with avian influenza, ARS partnered with APHIS and began to redirect our scientists to help them, first of all, determine what we are dealing with, what type of strains we are dealing with. We developed the diagnostic test, and then we began right away on work on a vaccine to address the two strains that we have been facing.    And so ARS has developed a vaccine, and we are now working with the Department as they determine the potentials for commercialization of that vaccine, which addresses the two strains that we experienced this year.    Dr. Jacobs-Young. It has not been transferred to a commercial partner as of yet for production, and so that is part of the negotiation. As my colleague just said, we are the research side, we develop the science, and so we work with our partners to negotiate the commercialization.    Dr. Jacobs-Young. We do not. At this time what we can certainly submit some information for the record on what we think would be the approximate need for the country.    Dr. Jacobs-Young. All right. So thank you for the question. So, sir, what I do know is that we are currently in negotiations to identify a commercial partner.    Dr. Jacobs-Young. Yes. That is a good question. I know that they are in conversations, and I know that the urgency is very, very much appreciated right now. We are all very concerned about being prepared, and so with the temperatures, and I understand that there are some conditions right now that we have some window to work with a commercial partner to be prepared, but the best I could do is get some information for the record to get back to you.    We are working with APHIS, and so they are our partner in this.    Dr. Jacobs-Young. Well, when we develop vaccines in ARS is typically we try to develop vaccines that can be retrofitted into existing pharmaceutical vaccine-type production processes, and so we have done the same thing in this case.    At this point, the best answer I can give you is I can give you some information for the record. We are the science agency, we do not do the negotiations with the commercial partner.    Dr. Jacobs-Young. Okay. Fantastic.    Dr. Jacobs-Young. So ARS has really had an opportunity to strengthen the infrastructure for our animal research inside the agency. Should I talk a little bit about the panel review, the external panel review?    So we have had an external panel review at MARC. It has been published and shared with many Members on the Hill. In that report, they found no evidence of animal abuse and made some recommendations on things that we can strengthen at MARC, and we have taken those recommendations, and we have implemented each one of them.    Dr. Jacobs-Young. The report did not recommend voluntary reporting to the Animal Welfare Act, but we are working with APHIS to voluntarily have an inspection register each one of our animal research locations, and we have already started a pilot program. APHIS has already inspected, I believe, two of our locations, and so we are working with APHIS to determine how this would be implemented. They do this with the National Zoo, and there are other Federal properties that they partner with, and so we are working with them to register each one of our locations.    But we have identified an animal care ombudsman here at headquarters so that if anyone had any concerns about animal welfare, that they could contact that individual anonymously, confidentially. We hired an officer, an animal care and use officer for ARS.    What the panel found is that we had adequate policies and procedures. There just wasn't one person that had the responsibility to ensure that they were being followed across this huge centralized agency, and now we have that person in place.    We have implemented formal training for all of our employees involved in animal research and some of our administrators. Those will all be completing the training. The first phase really focus on the IACUC members, and so those IACUC members have been trained, and we have also updated our policies and procedures and our Memorandum of Understanding with the University of Nebraska because we have--if you remember, that location has 50 percent ARS employees and 50 percent University of Nebraska employees, and so we clarified some things and really cleaned up our partnership with Nebraska in terms of this brand new MOU.    So there has been a lot of work under way. That panel went on to review some of our other locations. So they had an opportunity to review four other locations, including several in Georgia, down in our Athens location. Once again, that panel came back saying that they found no evidence of animal abuse and that they were impressed with our care of our animals, and so we are awaiting the OIG investigation and expecting an interim report very soon.    Dr. Jacobs-Young. Yes, so just some quick examples, things that will resonate with each of you, especially if you have children and you spend some time at McDonald's. If you noticed it now, the Happy Meal comes with fresh apples. That technology was developed by ARS that permits children to enjoy those fresh apples and they are not brown and they still taste crispy. I have had them a couple of times myself.    DEET, Lactaid, mashed potatoes, those flaked potatoes, the ability to have frozen foods in your grocery stores, all of those technologies began at ARS. So part of our entire mission is to deliver the innovation, and so the office of technology transfer, as Dr. Woteki said, is critical.    On last year alone, we filed 110 patent applications. We had 28 licenses executed. So it is just a part of who we are. We don't patent the patent, so some people say why don't you have more. We only patent when it is necessary to disseminate the information and get it out there. We released 348 new varieties of plants last year. So the entire goal is to deliver it, and so we have a few things to show for the work.