    Mr. Berrios. Mr. Chairman and members of the subcommittee, the virtual bankruptcy of Puerto Rico's economy is a self-evident reality. Puerto Rican voters have repudiated the territorial status that is the root cause of our economic and social problems. The territorial status was never democratic and has now become tyrannical.    Internationally, the community of Latin American and Caribbean states has recently reaffirmed its support for the right of Puerto Rico to its self-determination and independence. And yet Congress refuses to comply with its decolonizing obligation toward Puerto Rico.    This subcommittee is well aware of Puerto Rico's status problem. For decades it has held hearings on the issue, and many in Puerto Rico can reasonably wonder whether this oversight hearing pursues a legitimate legislative purpose, or is merely a pro forma, partisan, quid pro quo. Only time will tell.    I shall utilize this hearing to publicly propose a route map toward the solution of Puerto Rico's status problem. The relationship between Puerto Rico's territorial status and our economic and social problems has been well summarized by Senator Ron Wyden, Chairman of the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. I quote, ``Puerto Rico faces huge economic and social challenges. . . . The lack of resolution of Puerto Rico's status not only distracts from addressing these and other issues, it contributes to them. As the most recent reports from the President's Task Force on Puerto Rico's status found--and I quote--`identifying the most effective means of assisting the Puerto Rican economy depends on resolving the ultimate question of status'.''    Senator Wyden further added, ``The present relationship undermines our moral position in the world.''    To say that Puerto Rico should first decide what it wants, as President Obama has proposed, is merely an excuse to evade the legal responsibility of the United States as a colonial power, particularly when the President insists that the territorial relationship already repudiated by the Puerto Rican electorate should be one of the options. Colonialism is the problem, not the solution.    We, therefore, propose the following process to resolve Puerto Rico's status problem. Puerto Rico and the U.S. Congress should engage in a collaborative process of self-determination for Puerto Rico.    In Puerto Rico, various proposals have been advanced to initiate the process. The party I preside, for example, has proposed a status assembly in which each status option, proportionately represented, would formulate a proposal for its desired non-colonial, non-territorial option, requiring a response by the U.S. Government by a date certain. Ultimately, only realistic, non-territorial options negotiated with the U.S. authorities would be submitted to the Puerto Rican electorate.    Unfortunately, the present government of Puerto Rico refuses to move in this direction. However, Congress could jump start a process directed toward the same end. Bipartisan representatives of the congressional leadership, in coordination with the executive branch, could convene representatives of the different status alternatives to present their respective decolonizing status proposals. In response, Congress would then specify which alternatives, and under what conditions it would be willing to consider. The Puerto Rican people could then cast a meaningful vote for the available non-colonial, non-territorial options.    If Congress takes no action, and the colonialist PPD prevails in Puerto Rico's 2016 election, the democratic bankrupt territory of extreme dependency will continue to breed support for statehood. If the pro-statehood party prevails, Congress will then be faced with a statehood petition as a consequence of a statehood yes-or-no vote. That vote would be totally uninformed as to the conditions that Congress would impose, and driven principally by the widespread notion that statehood represents an endless cornucopia of Federal funds. You would then be faced not only with the economic crisis in Puerto Rico, but with a political crisis of unforeseeable consequences to the United States. The rational way to avoid such a scenario would be to start a collaborative process of self-determination.    Time is running out. To conclude, I must urge and demand of the President of the United States the immediate release of political prisoner Oscar Lopez Rivera, who has been in prison for more than 34 years here in the United States. Thank you very much.    Mr. Berrios. It is Mr. Berrios.    Mr. Berrios. Yes.    Mr. Berrios. No hay problema. Of course, I think the island economy will be much better off as a republic, because we would then have the tools necessary and the powers necessary to diversify our economy, to protect our production, to enter into commerce with other nations, to buy in cheaper markets. For a number of reasons--I could keep on enumerating them.    Now in Puerto Rico, we have been under depressive conditions since 2006. We have gone down 13 percent in our gross domestic product--13 percent. We have shrunk. And since 1970, we have been practically stagnated. This political status does not produce prosperity for the people of Puerto Rico, and we need the necessary tools to enter into the world market, keep up with the commerce with the United States, but have in our hands the means, as every other nation in the world does, including the United States, to promote its own economy. And the only way to do that is through the powers of independence.    Mr. Berrios. As a sovereign nation, of course. I would pose the following rhetorical question to you--If independence is so bad, why do we have more than 200 and some-odd independent countries, including the United States, and only one territory?    Mr. Berrios. Well, the question is quite easy to answer with just the past products of the archives of the United States. The same downward spiral that started in 1970, and which has deepened to the present crisis since 2006, will continue. That will mean more dependence, more and more dependence, because Puerto Rico cannot exercise the potential of its productive capacity. And that will mean that the type of argument you have heard today for statehood, that is more and more and--billions of Federal funding as the Resident Commissioner said. Yet you will see more people aspiring for statehood for the wrong reasons.    Puerto Rico would then be on the verge of potentially becoming a ghetto state, and that is not the type of future I foresee for my land. We need the political powers, in order to develop our own economy and have a friendly relationship with the United States and with the rest of the world, not more and more dependency--more votes for statehood, because people believe statehood is just what the Resident Commissioner said, billions of dollars in funding.    Who aspires to that? We then have 80 percent living off food coupons or food checks, instead of 50 percent? That is the future of Puerto Rico if Congress doesn't act soon with more or less what I have proposed. Let's talk about this. Let's enter into the mutual collaboration process to find a way out for your benefit, and for our benefit.    Mr. Berrios. Thank you very much.