    Mr. Cummings. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman, for holding what has become a critical annual hearing for our committee and for making sure that GAO's report gets the attention it warrants.    Today's hearing will focus on GAO's fifth annual report on duplicative programs and opportunities for cost savings. It will allow us to zero in on areas where we can work together to cut waste and save money. That is what this committee is all about and that is what our constituents expect of us.    Unfortunately, today's report from GAO indicates that Congress has been doing far worse than the executive branch in implementing recommendations to eliminate duplication and to promote the efficiency and effectiveness of the Federal Government. According to GAO's report, the executive branch has fully or partially completed 86 percent of GAO's recommendations, while Congress is struggling around 45 percent. Clearly Congress must do a better job of focusing on its own actions, rather than trying to blame everything on the executive branch. Specifically, GAO has made 369 recommendations for the executive branch and 317 have now been fully or partially completed. In contrast, GAO has made 69 recommendations for Congress, but only 31 of those have been fully or partially completed.    This year's report from GAO highlights some areas where Congress could legislate to eliminate waste and duplication. For example, GAO recommended that Congress consider permanently rescinding the entire $1.6 billion balance of U.S. Enrichment Corporation fund. According to GAO, the Congress authorized this revolving fund in the U.S. Treasury for environmental cleanup costs associated with disposing of depleted uranium at two specific facilities and for expenses related to the fund's privatization. GAO has determined that both of the funds purposes have been completed, but only Congress can permanently rescind the entire balance of the fund.    Overall, it is clear that significant progress has been made in implementing GAO's recommendations over the past 4 years. GAO made a total of about 440 recommendations between 2011 and 2014, and about 348 of these have been fully or partially addressed by the executive branch and Congress. GAO estimates that these efforts have resulted in about $20 billion in financial benefits to date, with another $80 billion in savings projected through 2023. We must recognize these accomplishments and shine a light on them. We want them to become the model that we'll strive to achieve.    And at the same time, it is also clear that more work simply needs to be done. For example, GAO identified potential duplication in laboratory inspections. GAO highlighted one laboratory that had been inspected eight times by the Environmental Protection Agency and the Drug and Food Administration over an 8-year span. Of course these facilities must be rigorously inspected. But if relevant information had been shared between the two agencies, they might have reduced duplication and been able to direct attention to other needed inspections. Better leveraging of resources and potentially increasing the number of facilities inspected serves not only the best interest of the agencies, but of the taxpayers as well.    To conclude, I want to thank both of our witnesses, Mr. Dodaro and Ms. Cobert, for being here today. Mr. Dodaro, you and your talented staff, are providing a critical service to the Congress and the American people by issuing this report. I also appreciate the work that you and your colleagues at GAO do every day to increase the effectiveness and efficiency of the Federal Government and to help ensure that our tax dollars are spent wisely.    And with that, Mr. Chairman, I yield back.