    Mr. Cartwright. Thank you, Madam Chairwoman.    Dr. Harrison, thank you for appearing before us today. I had a couple of questions for you.    You said you are appearing today expressing your own opinions and those of nobody else, is that correct?    Mr. Cartwright. You told us about the results of some studies that you did, one about ozone and one about the CPP. My first question about the CPP study is that was something your company did, NERA Economic Consulting?    Mr. Cartwright. Can you give us an idea of how much time went into that study?    Mr. Cartwright. It was not a minor study that NERA Economic Consulting did. It was a major one, is that correct?    Mr. Cartwright. I was looking at footnote 2 from your written testimony. It said that, among others, that study was prepared for the American Coalition for Clean Coal and, Electricity, the American Fuel and Petrochemical Manufacturers and the National Mining Association. Have I read those correctly?    Mr. Cartwright. In laymans terms, does that mean they helped fund the study?    Mr. Cartwright. Dr. Harrison, is it a matter of complete indifference to you whether those associations and organizations continue to fund studies prepared by NERA Economic Consulting?    Mr. Cartwright. It is a yes or no question. Do you care if they continue to fund your outfit?    Mr. Cartwright. Let me ask it this way. What about the American Wind Energy Association, did they help fund that study?    Mr. Cartwright. What about the Solar Energy Industry Association, did they help fund your study?    Mr. Cartwright. Did any sustainable energy association at all get involved in funding your study?    Mr. Cartwright. Dr. Tierney, I have some questions for you about the clean water rule.    The EPA and the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers proposed the clean water rule to clarify the definition of waters of the United States which are the water resources that under the Clean Water Act receive numerous protections against pollution.    The EPA Stated, ``The agencies are eager to define the scope of the Clean Water Act that achieves the goals of protecting clean water and public health and promoting jobs and the economy.''    Dr. Tierney, ensuring that the Clean Water Act achieves these goals is important, would you agree?    Mr. Cartwright. The Bureau chief of the Environmental Protection and the Office of New York State Attorney General Eric T. Schneiderman, recently testified, ``Presently, jurisdictional decisions related to waters of the United States are made on a case by case basis subject to fractured and inconsistent legal interpretation by the courts fostering uncertainty, delay and further litigation.''    The EPA has Stated they have received numerous calls for clarification of waters of the United States from a variety of stakeholders. Members of Congress, developers, farmers, States and local governments, energy companies and many others demanded new regulations to make the process of identifying waters protected under the Act clearer, simpler and faster.    Dr. Tierney, in general, Federal regulations that make a process clearer, simpler and faster will most likely benefit stakeholders, would they not?    Mr. Cartwright. Clarifying it makes it simpler and easier and more effective for everyone, right?    Mr. Cartwright. Thank you.    I yield back, Madam Chair.    Mr. Cartwright. Thank you, Madam Chair.    Dr. Tierney, our Ranking Member, Congresswoman Lawrence, brought up a very important point. That is, what are the human costs of what we do to our environment?    You and I talked earlier about the clean water rule and the intent of clarifying what waterways and bodies of water the Clean Water Act applies to. Under the Clean Water Act, the lack of clarity on what waters are and are not subject to the Clean Water Act protections could result in higher risk of pollution of water resources in the Nation's public health, is that a fair statement?    Mr. Cartwright. We have been bandying about estimates of costs for all sorts of things today. One thing I wanted to mention was the EPA estimated that the proposed rule, the clean water rule, would provide annual benefits to the public between $388 million to $514 million, which significantly outweighs the estimated costs of between $162 million to $278 million for mitigating impacts to water resources and taking steps to reduce pollution.    The benefits of this proposed rule include reducing flooding, filtering pollution, providing wildlife habitat, supporting hunting and fishing and recharging groundwater. Broadly, do you agree with those statements?    Mr. Cartwright. Thank you. I am encouraged by the efforts of the EPA and the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to clarify this definition and help make the government function more efficiently and effectively with rules that are clear and easy to follow.    Madam Chair, I do have a couple UC requests. I request unanimous consent to enter into the record a report from the National Wildlife Federation entitled statement for the Record of the National Wildlife Federation in Support of the Clean Water Act, Waters of the United States Rulemaking, dated today, February 26, 2015.    Mr. Cartwright. There was some discussion about whether the EPA reached out to the Crow Tribe of Montana. I ask unanimous consent to enter into the record a June 12, 2014 letter to Darrin Old Coyote, Chairman, Crow Tribe of Montana, from the United States Environmental Protection Agency.    Mr. Cartwright. I yield.