    Mr. Gibbs. Good morning. The hearing of the Subcommittee on Water Resources and Environment will come to order. Housekeeping here. I ask unanimous consent that the hearing record be kept open for 30 days after this hearing in order to accept other submissions of written testimony for the hearing record. Without objection, so ordered.    Today we are having a hearing on review of the President's fiscal year 2016 budget request for the United States Army Corps of Engineers and the Tennessee Valley Authority. I would like to welcome everyone here to the hearing today to review the President's fiscal request and the Tennessee Valley Authority. The administration's budget proposal for fiscal year 2016 continues an unfortunate trend of underinvesting in our Nation's water resources. Many of the Army Corps of Engineers' activities that we are examining are investments in America. For nearly two centuries, the Corps has contributed to the economic vitality of the Nation and has improved the quality of life. This administration keeps missing the opportunity to use the Civil Works Program as an investment in the country's future. This administration has time and time again not put the same priority in the Corps' program as Congress has.    Congress and the administration both need to be supportive of programs that have a proven record of providing economic benefits. The fiscal year 2016 budget request by the administration for the Corps of Engineers is $4.7 billion, which is almost $750 million less than what Congress appropriated in fiscal year 2015. This is even more unfortunate given the strong bipartisan message set last Congress by the enactment of the Water Resources Reform and Development Act of 2014.    Congress made a conscious effort in WRRDA 2014 to enhance America's competitiveness by strengthening investments in the Nation's water resources infrastructure, including wrapping up the Harbor Maintenance Trust Fund expenditures for their intended purposes. But again, the President's budget proposes to spend only $915 million of the Harbor Maintenance Trust Fund for the operation and maintenance activities in fiscal year 2016, half of what is estimated to be collected, that was collected in fiscal year 2015. These harbor maintenance taxes are paid by shippers for the purpose of maintaining America's ports.    While this administration is not the first to shortchange America's water transportation systems, requesting only half of what was collected will not keep up with the growing demand at the ports. Budgets are about priorities. A priority of any administration should be to put the United States in a competitive advantage in world markets, especially since world trade patterns are expected to be dramatically different when the Panama Canal expansion begins operations next year.    Additionally, when Congress enacted WRRDA 2014, there were several big ticket items included in the law. Provisions related to the Harbor Maintenance Trust Fund, the Inland Waterways Trust Fund, permit processing, project streamlining, WIFIA, public-private partnerships, and deauthorization of old and inactive projects were included in the law that was signed by the President in June of last year.    While the WRRDA law was transformative and at times complicated, we remain disappointed at the pace and the prioritization in which the Corps of Engineers is carrying out the drafting and implementation guidance. As we are rapidly approaching the 1-year anniversary of the enactment of WRRDA 2014, we would hope and expect the Corps would put more of a priority in writing implementation guidance. After all, WRRDA is the law of the land. It is not a suggestion for the administration to casually disregard.    I am very pleased that the subcommittee will also hear about the Tennessee Valley Authority's budget. I want to welcome the TVA's president, Bill Johnson, who will be testifying for the first time before the subcommittee. The Tennessee Valley Authority is the Nation's largest wholesale power producer and fifth largest electric utility company.    While TVA's power and nonpower programs have been funded through its revenue since 2001--meaning they receive no appropriated funds--we are concerned with the agency's overall financial health since the agency carries a rather large debt load. I anticipate that we will hear more about TVA's debt reduction plan today, especially in light of Mr. Johnson's impressive track record of reducing costs. I look forward to the testimony from our three witnesses today.    At this time I recognize Mrs. Napolitano; pardon me, we are going to go to Mr. DeFazio first.    Mr. Gibbs. OK. First, the ranking member of the full T&I committee, Mr. DeFazio from Oregon.    Mr. Gibbs. Next I recognize Mrs. Napolitano, the ranking member from California.    Mr. Gibbs. I would like to welcome our panel today. We have three witnesses. Our first witness is the Assistant Secretary of the Army-Civil Works, Secretary Darcy. Then we have General Bostick. He is the Chief of Engineers, Army Corps of Engineers, and Mr. Johnson is the president and CEO of the Tennessee Valley Authority, and also I would be remiss not to thank General Bostick and General Peabody behind him for their service and their careers serving our country in the United States military.    Secretary Darcy, welcome, and the floor is yours.    Mr. Gibbs. Thank you, Secretary.    General Bostick, the floor is yours. Welcome.    General Bostick. Mr. Chairman and members of the subcommittee, first, Mr. Chairman, thanks for recognizing the service of our military members. And I would like to point out that although John Peabody is not testifying today, this is the last hearing where he will prepare me and Secretary Darcy as he prepares for retirement. We are going to lose a great----    Mr. Gibbs. We may have some more before August, you never know.    Mr. Gibbs. Thank you, General.    Mr. Johnson, welcome.    Mr. Gibbs. Thank you. And I will start off the questions. Secretary Darcy, the budget is really about setting priorities, and I am really concerned about the President's budget calling for a $750 million reduction in what we actually spent in fiscal year 2015. Can you explain why the President isn't putting as much importance on Civil Works projects as Congress is?    Mr. Gibbs. Why does the administration also propose spending less than what is collected--now half of what is collected in the Harbor Maintenance Trust Fund than the full amount?    Mr. Gibbs. As you are aware of what we did in WRRDA, we are trying to increase that at least 2 percent a year with expected growth of the Harbor Maintenance Trust Fund collections, and I really don't think the administration is putting enough priority in that, especially when you look at what has happened in our harbors and with the Panama Canal coming into operation next year.    Coastal Corps projects, let's see, we have the budget request, $81 million from construction of seven of the coastal navigation projects funded in this budget; how many of those projects will be completed by next year or in 2016?    Mr. Gibbs. Can you give us a list of those projects?    Mr. Gibbs. Make sure we have that.    Mr. Gibbs. I am very concerned about what is happening, especially our gulf and east coast ports, getting the dredge depth amounts so we can take those new Panama ships fully loaded and offload them. To the best of your knowledge, the Nation's 10 largest ports, how many of those are authorized to mention today?    Mr. Gibbs. Of our 10 top ports.    Mr. Gibbs. Yes.    Mr. Gibbs. I think it is two, but I am just guessing. General?    General Bostick. I was just going to say, at this point there should be about three on the east coast and three on the west coast that can handle the 50-foot depths, so New York, New Jersey; we are going to be at the depth in Miami here at the end of the June, July timeframe, and--and I believe it is Norfolk is the third one on the east coast and then there is     Mr. Gibbs. Yeah, those aren't deepwater ports out there anyway, so it doesn't really matter. The ports, especially in the gulf and east coast, additional ports by the end of 2016, how many do you think will be there? You mentioned Miami will be, you mentioned Norfolk and New York are already there.    General Bostick. Right, those are the three, and then we are focused on the we-can't-wait ports.    Mr. Gibbs. Pardon? Pardon?    General Bostick. Then we are focused on the five we-can't-wait ports. Miami is one of them, and they are all in different stages of development. They won't be ready by 2016. The only one----    Mr. Gibbs. Or end of 2016; 2017, for that matter. Do you have any idea?    General Bostick. I can't tell you exactly which ones will be ready. I think we can walk through each one of the projects and tell you their status, but----    Mr. Gibbs. I have a followup question to that because I am really emphasizing what is happening at the Panama Canal. We have the three you mentioned on the east side of the United States, and if the Harbor Maintenance Trust Fund, if more of that was expended, do you know, would that push it up to close to 70 percent of the revenue going for that? Would that help get those other ports up to speed by 2017 or not? Secretary?    Mr. Gibbs. OK. I see the administration recommends the Secretary of the Army be authorized to impose a $1 billion fee or tax over 10 years on commercial operators for the inland waterway system. I guess how would you plan to collect that tax, and would this have to establish a new bureaucracy for this collection? This is a new tax that has been proposed by the administration, I believe.    Mr. Gibbs. I want to be clear on this. I think the proposal is not what we did last Congress that increased the diesel user fee----    Mr. Gibbs . Just 6 cents. I think this is an additional.    Mr. Gibbs. OK. I will probably follow up on that later. I am out of time right now. I will turn it over to Mrs. Napolitano.    Mr. Gibbs. Mr. Webster, you have 5 minutes.    Mr. Gibbs. Ms. Frankel. There she is.    Mr. Gibbs. Mr. Denham.    Mr. Gibbs. Mr. Garamendi.    Mr. Gibbs. Mr. Davis.    Mr. Gibbs. Mr. Huffman.    Mr. Gibbs. Mr. Rouzer.    Mr. Gibbs. Ms. Johnson.    Ms. Johnson of Texas. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman, and Ranking Member, for having this very important meeting on the budget and the priorities of the Army Corps fiscal year 2016 budget. I want to thank the witnesses also for being here. I am grateful for the hard work and service to the country that the Army Corps of Engineers does. I know that they are at work day and night, building and maintaining our national infrastructure, completing projects that keep the safety and well-being of Americans all over the U.S. Having said that, I did want to bring to light a concern that I am sure the members of this committee have, and I apologize for being in another markup, another committee, so I have been in and out.    But as of January 15, the Army Corps of Engineers had an unallocated sum of approximately $100 million specifically apportioned for flood risk management programs as part of the fiscal year 2015 workplan. As of January the 15th, the Corps was directed by the Congress to allocate such funds within a 45-day period, to expedite the transfer of management and operation of flood risk management projects such as the Dallas Floodway Project in my district.    Just yesterday my staff informed me that the city is poised to take in serious consideration, matching a Federal investment of $8 million with $7 million in municipal bonds to complete the Dallas Floodway Project that will add recreational features, community amenities, and flood control between the levees--amenities between the levees and flood control, as well as provide money to repair severe erosion in the floodway. Now Secretary Darcy, I understand that you were just completing an international trip, so I want to especially thank you for taking time to join us today, and I want to inquire about two separate items.    Can you explain why the Army Corps has not yet complied with the congressional directive to allocate the existing $100 million from fiscal year 2015 workplans, specifically a portion for expediting flood risk management, and projects and their eventual transfer of operation to non-Federal entities? And I want to thank you for the feasibility study and the environmental impact statement on the modified Dallas Floodway Project signed yesterday. But having said all that, I would like also to ask if you intend to move forward with approving the record of decisionmaking related to the Dallas Floodway Project as well as moving forward with the recommendation to allocate the $8 million for said project.    And I would like for you to speak to these two things that are very central to my area and certainly urge some movement in the affirmative in some way. So let me allow you to comment.    Mr. Gibbs. Mr. Katko.    Mr. Gibbs. Ms. Norton.    Mr. Gibbs. Mr. Babin.    Mr. Gibbs. Mr. Graves.    Mr. Graves of Louisiana. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. First of all, thank you for being here. And, General Peabody, I want to join Congressman Davis in giving accolades to you. I have enjoyed a working relationship with you and look forward to your future and wish you luck.    I would like to associate my comments with Congresswoman Johnson who expressed concern over the $130 million holdback. Madam Secretary General, that is a strong concern. One thing that you do, and I really appreciate the jurisdiction of this full committee in that it has jurisdiction over Stafford Act, FEMA disaster response, and Corps of Engineer mission, which is largely the proactive efforts. Study after study indicates that proactive efforts pay off multiple times over as compared to reactive efforts, and obviously Hurricane Katrina is a perfect example of that where we probably expended 10 or 12 times as much money doing disaster response as we would have if we had just actually done the proper protection on the front end.    First question for you. Back in 2013, the White House announced that they were going to shut down White House doors and save the Government approximately $70,000 in doing so. During the same period of time, the Corps of Engineers has spent $72 million in the Morganza, the gulf project studying it since approximately 1992. You spent $20-something million studying the West Bank project for over 40 years in south Louisiana. You have spent over $100 million and studied the Louisiana coastal area restoration efforts, ecosystem restoration efforts, and spent over 20 years doing that.    Can you help me reconcile the cost savings that the White House was trying to achieve while the Corps of Engineers is spending hundreds of millions of dollars and decades studying projects that we should be moving forward on today?    Mr. Gibbs. Representative Graves, since you have to leave, did you have another question you wanted to ask?    Mr. Graves of Louisiana. I do. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Thank you, Congresswoman Napolitano. I did have another question. Chief, you just pointed to the fact that Congress writes laws, and that is why we are here. I had the chance to work with some of the people sitting behind you on WRDA 2007 conference, in fact, some of the people sitting next to you on WRDA 2007 conference. If you take Hurricane Katrina to the current, I believe there are 16 different statutory deadlines that were placed in various bills, WRDA 2007, various appropriations bills since Hurricane Katrina. The Corps of Engineers has missed every single deadline that was in the law.    Rolling forward to WRDA 2007 authorizing provisions, numerous places, ``the Secretary shall,'' crystal clear; there is no discretion, black and white. I can go through there and find over and over and over again where the Corps of Engineers flat out ignored, ignored the provision; and my 10-year-old could tell us exactly what it means. This whole organization is here, the Congress is here to write laws. And it is the Corps' job to actually enforce, to implement those laws. When we sit here and do these things, and you just decide what you are going to follow and what you are not going to follow, what does that say to us? Why are we even here if you guys are going to just do whatever you want?    General Bostick. In all due respect, Congressman, we do follow the law, and we respect the Congress, we respect the law; and to the degree possible with the resources and the time and the expertise that we have, we work as diligently as our teammates can to follow that law and to execute it to the letter as best we can. There are some times where lawyers disagree on how to interpret different parts; and in those cases we come back to the Congress and try to get the clear interpretation, but in no way would we just flagrantly decide that we are going to disobey the laws of the country.    Mr. Graves of Louisiana. General, I think you and I need to sit down and look at some laws, and I think that you would come to a very different conclusion. Unfortunately the State of Louisiana has had to sue the Corps of Engineers because of fatally flawed interpretations of laws that are delaying projects.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I just want to say when you work on WRRDA 2014 implementation, I have already seen some implementation guidance come out that I think deviates from congressional intent, and I just want to warn you that we are going to be paying very close attention. Thank you very much.    Mr. Gibbs. Mrs. Napolitano.    Mr. Gibbs. I will start with Mr. Johnson. You finally get a question, so thank you for your patience. I want to talk a little bit about the TVA's debt limit. The limit is $30 billion, and you have kind of been pushing that. In your strategic plan you say that TVA would reduce its debt by $3 billion to $5 billion over 10 to 12 years. Is that still the plan?    Mr. Gibbs. And how would you avoid reaching that $30 billion? Can you go into details a little bit about the plan?    Mr. Gibbs. On an annual basis how much is TVA for interest expense?    Mr. Gibbs. OK. TVA recently purchased a natural gas plant in Virginia. Can you please explain TVA's rationale to expand its fleet of facilities given TVA's large number of older facilities that need maintenance?    Mr. Gibbs. Oh, it is not in Virginia?    Mr. Gibbs. OK, so it was an error from my staff.    Mr. Gibbs. OK. Well I want to commend you for your short tenure there and the work you are trying to do to address the issue. As we said in my opening statement, your operations are self-contained, funded; but there is always that liability aspect if something were to go wrong that could come back on to Congress and taxpayers. So thank you for that.    Ms. Darcy, there is no provision in section 7001 for adding criteria or for projecting studies and projects from the annual report that meet all five criteria that are in law. Can you describe to us the list of projects submitted that met all five criteria pursuant to section 7001 in WRRDA?    Mr. Gibbs. Nineteen. OK. I want to talk a little bit about the annual report. I think you would probably agree that the first one you did was a little incomplete or inconclusive. The question that really comes up, it was clear, I think, in the intent of Congress implementing this, that as long as the five criteria were met, everything comes to Congress, to this committee; but the Corps has put in an administrative review process. I will give you two examples of that. The Brazos Island Chief's Report. Two Chief's Reports were in the appendix because of administrative review. Then we have in the city of South El Monte, California, a land conveyance which has been held up to my understanding, which seems to me that should be a pretty simple procedure to move forward, and I guess my question is where did this administrative review come in that is holding up inclusion of all the things out there that should be in the annual report?    Mr. Gibbs. OK. I just want to make it clear to the administration what I think Congress' intent was, that as long as the criteria is met that it is under Federal purview, jurisdiction, the Corps, that these things should be coming to us to make a determination. And so we have got a little heartburn, I guess to say, about the administrative review process. We wanted to make that clear.    The other concern I have on the annual report is I am not convinced on the implementation out to the country, out to the districts, that the word has been put out how this process is supposed to work now since we don't have earmarks. As you know the process is supposed to work where the local districts be the lead entity working with port authorities, local governments, and develop or identify the challenges out there and put that in the report. I had some officials in from the Galveston-Houston area last week, and I explained that to them. I said go back to the Galveston district and talk to them and see what is going on.    I will just hold this out as an example because there's a couple projects one that needs a reauthorization or addendum, but there is one that will be a new authorization for a study on the flood gate, flood wall there in Galveston, the bay into Houston. It seems to me that ought to be a top priority, national priority. Because I know when, I think it was Hurricane Ike or Rita, whichever one, hit that, up in Ohio, northeast, we felt the results of that because of all the refineries down there. And so, I want to make it clear that hopefully the Corps is doing the job of getting this word out and how this process is supposed to work now and work with the local entities. But I was kind of surprised that they came to me first and wanted to know, well, can you get this authorized. And I said, well, you have been working, so it was kind of unclear. So I just wanted to----    Mr. Gibbs. I could be wrong on this, but the February 1 I think was for future years. I don't think it was for this year as much. They are shaking their heads I am right on that. So that might have been a miscommunication, and so it maybe caused some of the problem. But I just want to make sure going forward, that everybody understands what we are trying to do in this report. And so since we don't have earmarks, this should be a very transparent process that would lead to accountability but then also identifying those needs and challenges out there in the countryside, I think that is the best way to get it from the grassroots up. And we got to make that work, and I am sure that General Peabody and General Bostick and everybody wants to do it that way, but we have got to make sure we get it done.    Mr. Rokita, I think is next on the list. We will be back.    Mr. Gibbs. Ms. Frankel.    Mr. Gibbs. Mr. Davis.    Mr. Gibbs. Mr. Rokita.    Mr. Gibbs. Mrs. Napolitano.    Mr. Gibbs. OK, thank you.    Ms. Darcy, I want to follow up a little bit. We were talking about the annual report, and a couple of questions come to mind. In the appendix, if it didn't have the administrative review process, I will get to that in a minute, but if that wasn't a consideration, of the projects listed in the appendix, how many would have been in the actual report if it wasn't for the administrative review process; do you know?    Mr. Gibbs. Pardon?    Mr. Gibbs. OK. This is why I want to drill on this. It is my understanding that the Executive order the Corps used to do, the implementing guidance language for the annual report, is not a recent Executive order. I guess it goes back probably to before any of us were born. It is just an old Executive order. Is that correct?    Mr. Gibbs. Because it seems to me there is a conflict here because the concern I have, the law, in the order was clear that if it made the five criteria, it goes in the report, not the appendix. The reason I think this is important, because the law is pretty clear, Members of Congress on this committee can only authorize what is in the report. The question is, would we be able to authorize or not, or address what is in the appendix? And there is a question that we probably can't, that is in the appendix, so there is a clear problem here.    If something is in the appendix, we might not be able to address it, when we hopefully do WRRDA next year, and I would argue the law is clear, that everything should be in the report. That is what the law says. So the law should supersede the Executive order in the implementation of guidance.    So that is a thought to think about, because I think we all want to get to the same place here, and if we, as a congressional committee, can't authorize projects, if it is not in the report because it is in the appendix which might be a technical thing, that might work against what we are trying to do. So I just want to raise that question and you can address it, but you can see what I am trying to say.    Mr. Gibbs. OK. General Bostick, earlier this year you were recorded as saying that the construction backlog was $23.5 billion. Is this reflected in WRRDA 2014 deauthorization of a number? We deauthorized $18 billion of projects. Can you kind of expound on how the Corps calculated the $23 billion in backlog? Was $18 billion included in that; where did that come from?    General Bostick. No, the actual backlog is probably in excess of $60 billion. The number $23 billion was based on what it would take for us to complete the projects we are currently working on.    Mr. Gibbs. OK.    General Bostick. Currently funded and working on. It would cost about $23 billion to finish that and at a rate of about $1.5 billion annually in construction.    Mr. Gibbs. Well, that gives clarity. That helps. I think we should be clear on that.    Also, in WRRDA, the Corps is supposed to give us a list of projects that includes the deauthorization part. We haven't received that list yet. Do you have any idea when that list will be coming forward? Maybe that is Secretary Darcy, I don't know, either one, what is the answer?    Mr. Gibbs. Pardon?    Mr. Gibbs. OK. This year?    Mr. Gibbs. Just want to make that clear.    Mr. Gibbs. OK. Thank you.    General Bostick, the President's budget proposes $379 million for the Corps of Engineers to construct ecosystem restoration projects. Of that amount, how much is devoted to projects to comply with the Endangered Species Act or other biological opinions? You might not be able to answer it, but you can try.    General Bostick. I don't know the answer, but I will get it for you and follow up, sir.    Mr. Gibbs. OK. Because we have a concern--when I am out in the countryside talking to all different entities, working in the field and stuff, and Endangered Species Act, there are some things out there that need to be addressed, I think, some commonsense rationale.    Can you give us, General Bostick, an update on the Olmsted lock and dam project? I know you hit on it a little bit with one of the previous questions from Mr. Rokita, but when do you expect the operational and completion date?    General Bostick. I would to have follow up for you. To my recollection, it is in--well, I would have to follow up on the date. I would be or--pardon me? In the fall of 2018 is----    Mr. Gibbs. Could you repeat that quick for us?    General Bostick. The current projection is the fall of 2018.    Mr. Gibbs. Fall of 2018. I do want to commend--from the reports we are getting, things are going there well now, progressing well, and new project managers. Things actually could be ahead of schedule, so that is good because that project has been going on for a long time, and it is holding up a lot of other projects, so it is good to get that off the books and get done. And of course, the economic benefit for the entire country is immense.    Ms. Darcy, developing an implementation of WRRDA, can you give us an update process where the Corps is in regard to     Mr. Gibbs. OK. I do want to talk a little bit about waters of the United States. I know you don't call it that anymore, but I still do. First of all, what is the status of the final rule package? I know it went to OMB. Do you have any idea what----    Mr. Gibbs. OK. Can you characterize the comments the court provided to the EPA and the waters of the U.S. rule package? How did the EPA address those comments in the rule package that went to OMB? You had about 1 million comments.    Mr. Gibbs. Can you verify or not? I heard from a fairly reliable source within the Corps, by the way, that I won't mention, that the U.S. EPA put out kind of a draft guidance to their regional offices regarding orders about 3 or 4 weeks ago.    Mr. Gibbs. For the implementation.    Mr. Gibbs. Well, wait, can you help me here a little bit. I am struggling here a little bit. We have a proposed rule, and we had a comment period and 1 million comments or so. Of course the EPA and the Corps haven't been forthright telling me the changes they are going to make or to the American public. Moving forward, OMB but then--and I think you just said it. U.S. EPA sent a guidance out to their regional offices about the implementation even though the final rule hasn't been approved by OMB.    Mr. Gibbs. OK. So they shared it with the regional offices, but they haven't shared it with Congress or the public, what they expect the final----    Mr. Gibbs . Proposed rule to be. Is that correct?    Mr. Gibbs. OK. That is interesting. I will get to you in a second. I think Mrs. Napolitano has another question, and I will get back. I do have one comment.    When Ms. Norton was asking the questions about the cost. I know in the President's budget he puts $5 million in there for, as you said, for additional training, staff, for the additional permitting process, and then it will cost more if you go back. The bill we passed out of this committee last week says not to lose sight that there is other analysis out there that this proposed rule could cost stakeholders or the economy over $228 billion. So the cost well exceeds the cost of taking a timeout, saying let's get this right, so that is my editorial comment on that, but I will also say on that part of it with the expansion of WOTUS, it will require more permitting. I think that is a lot of what this is all about, and the President's budget really concedes that because they ask for additional money for more staffing, for more--requires some more 404 permits, whatever, and so I think that kind of substantiates my concerns that just because there is more permitting out there, doesn't mean we are going to actually improve or protect water quality.    I will turn it over to Mrs. Napolitano for another question she may have.    Mr. Gibbs. OK. Ms. Darcy, I have one followup or another question. But I would be remiss if I didn't bring up Cleveland and----    Mr. Gibbs. Everyone is chuckling because this has been a very hot topic and now there is a lawsuit involved. The Federal standard. My understanding is the Federal standard was put in place by the Corps back in 1988, and it was really to, you know, make sure who is paying for what, but the Federal standard, my understanding, says that dredge material will be disposed of in the most cost-effective environmentally safe way, OK. And so basically now what has happened in Cleveland, the State of Ohio, the Ohio EPA has a disagreement with the Corps of disposing of some of the dredge material out of the Cuyahoga River, and up previously, it has all been put in the confined landfill because of PCB issues, and now the Corps says part of that river, the contaminants aren't as great, that the PCB issue is not as much risk, even though they did concede to dispose of the dredge material 9 miles out in the lake to get away from the Cleveland water intake, so that is a little worrisome or interesting.    The issue here with the PCBs I think is rather unique. I think when you look at disposing of dredge material around the country, around the Great Lakes, we know it is a phosphorous issue, a nutrients issue. According to the Ohio EPA, they have a fish advisory, I think in the law no more than once per week consumption, and they said they are real close to the threshold that could go to 1-month consumption.    And so I guess I would look at the Federal standard, the big question here is that environmental safe aspect. Can you please comment on how you see the Federal standard working here, playing, and what discretion you as the Assistant Secretary of Civil Works would have in determining if the Federal standard, how it applies?    Mr. Gibbs. Now with the lawsuit the State of Ohio has filed in Federal court in Cleveland against the Army Corps on this issue, determining the Federal standard, basically, and who is going to pay the delta cost. I think everybody's in agreement for the Ohio EPA and I believe you are, too, you can concur that it is very imperative that the dredging get completed.    I think in my previous conversations that you are committed to that, too, because the economic consequence to northeastern, northern Ohio is quite significant, and that is why I have been so involved to make sure this gets done. Now we just have the issue, who really is responsible, and the courts are going to work through that, I guess.    I do believe that the Army Corps did send a letter to the Ohio EPA to say that last mile that is being challenged, that the Corps is willing to dredge as long as they pay it, so you made the offer and now I know there will be a counteroffer going to the court probably. But I hope that you are committed, and I know General Peabody and Bostick are committed to get this done even while it is going through litigation. I don't want to--hopefully, nobody is going to hide behind the wall, well, we are litigating now, we can't do it. I hope that is not going to be the attitude because I think it is a way to work through this during the litigation.    Mr. Gibbs. I thank you for your commitment that we can work through this, and I guess I won't get all too excited about--I know that from the Corps' perspective, there could be an issue about if this court decision, how this ever worked, goes against Corps, the Federal standard, that opens up the door all around the country. I might be totally off base here, but I think with the PCB issue, it is a little unique. This is kind of an interesting thought just come to mind. Do we have a PCB issue in dredge material anywhere else in the country like this? Is this rather unique? I see General Peabody kind of shaking his head.    General Bostick. We have similar levels in other places.    Mr. Gibbs. Pardon?    General Bostick. We have similar levels in other places where we have open lake placement. So we are not treating this area differently than we are----    Mr. Gibbs. Well, I guess this is where the court will have to make that determination. That is the court's, but I just want to make it clear. I hope that the parties involved here want to work through this so we can get done what needs to be get done even during the litigation process. That is what I am asking, and I think we are committed.    Mr. Gibbs. Oh, I totally agree. And I think we are close. Was it the 217 agreement, or 26, I forget the number.    Mr. Gibbs. Twenty-year plan. I think that we are close. I think the only issue is who is going to pay the dollar cost on the last mile of the 6 miles, that is where we are at. And alternative uses for dredging material, I think, as you look at the general public, we have to find alternative uses. And of course, in Cleveland, there is an alternative use. I think we can make it work, and I think the port authority and the State of Ohio wants to get there. Toledo is a bigger challenge because of the number of cubic yards out there of dredge material, but you know, there ought to be some value to that, it is high nutrients, and we just got to start thinking outside the box and figure out how we can make it cost benefit, make it work because I don't think the general public is going to be--especially in Lake Erie because it is so sensitive because of the shallowness of Lake Erie, especially in the Western Basin.    I appreciate the time and the commitment to do what we need to do here in America's maritime infrastructure. And Mr. Johnson, I appreciate your patience to sit through all this and not have as many questions towards you, but that doesn't mean that we are not concerned and we want to make sure that the Tennessee Valley Authority can move ahead and be profitable and work well, so I commend your work in doing it and your goals to get there. So thank you, and this adjourns our hearing.