    Mr. Warren. So to hit your point about interoperability, top question was with whatever system DOD purchases, is interoperability guaranteed?    DOD, no matter what system is bought, the requirement to maintain the interoperability that we have accomplished will continue. So we talked in prior hearings about a tool called Janus, which today, allows us to look at the DOD record and the V.A. record in the same screen simultaneously. So that interoperability, the ability to see the record in the care setting is happening today.    Mr. Warren. So the interoperability in terms of the information sharing and doing, we are doing that using the same services. Both of the departments approximately 2 years ago--and I believe we had a joint hearing. I think it was the largest hearing I had ever been in, with 50-plus members.    We talked through how the mission differs between V.A. and DOD and drove DOD to a decision in terms of buying an end-to-end system with a logistics tail, and that we would continue to work with the VistA system, which is a veteran-centric solution, and keep evolving it forward.    Mr. Warren. If I could, the viewer is to show the ability to view the data. There is a key point that we need to make sure we lay out there.    If you look at the DOD side with respect to care, the majority of their care takes place outside of their health care delivery system--it will also take care of--it will be given outside of whatever their new system is.    On the V.A. side, with the third-party care we have been giving, as well as what the Choice Act will be doing, a large amount of our care will also be outside of that health care system. Our biggest challenge is how do you move the data between different systems? How do you present it up in a care setting?    Janus shows that you can do it. The data gets translated so it is the same. All Janus did was to show that you could do it, yes, in a read-only. Right now, the enterprise health management program, which is--in San Diego, moves it to the next step, which is the ability to go in--    Mr. Warren. Sir, I wish it was that simple. When we talk about health care delivery, the viewer is how the clinicians interact with the data. But the systems we are talking about are more than just the viewing of the data. It is the pharmacy system, it is the immunization system, it is all of the other----    Mr. Warren . A medical center.    Mr. Warren. So buying one big system that does all that stuff, if you go look at the national health service in the U.K., they showed that one system could not do all that stuff across all those different places.    And so what is key is how do you make sure the data moves between the systems, not just V.A. and DOD--in a way that clinical care can take place. And I believe that is the path we are on, and we have been able to show that we can accomplish--but glad to come and sit down more, walk you through and show you how those systems are working together, and how the data is formed.    Mr. Warren. Sir, to your question about the reduction in the 2016 request:    It did take us longer when we moved from how we were doing a single record to how we are going to go forward, recognizing the sharing of information with third-party providers. So instead of asking for dollars in 2016 that we could not spend, we felt it was more appropriate to basically work off of the funds we carried over in 2014; the resources we received in 2015. And that is why there was a reduction in 2016.    We are still on track to make the interoperability commitments. In fact, that sharing of information, and again, Janus is just one piece of it--on track to meet that. And you will see a robust request for 2017 and 2018, as we pick back up the effort, again, work through the transition of reduction in 2016 because we could not spend those resources. And in 2017 you will see a robust request coming in.