    Mr. Goodlatte. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I appreciate your holding this hearing.    Our Nation's financial system provides the life blood for industry, small businesses, and our communities to develop, grow, and prosper. Ensuring that this system functions efficiently in both good times and bad is critical to the ongoing vitality of our economy. The recent financial crisis illustrated that the financial system and existing laws were not adequately prepared for the insolvency of certain institutions, which threatened the very stability of the global economy and our financial industry.    There has been considerable debate over whether Congress' main response to the financial crisis--the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act--is adequate to respond to a future crisis. Today's hearing, however, is not focused on that debate. Instead, we turn our attention to the private and public efforts to strengthen the Bankruptcy Code so that it may better facilitate the resolution of an insolvent financial firm while preserving the stability of the financial markets.    The subject of today's hearing, the ``Financial Institution Bankruptcy Act of 2015,'' is a reflection of these efforts. The bill is calibrated carefully to provide transparency, predictability, and judicial oversight to a process that must be executed quickly and in a manner that is responsive to potential systemic risk.    Additionally, it incorporates the ``single point of entry'' approach, which a growing consensus of experts in public and private industry believes is the most effective and feasible method to resolve a financial institution that has a bank holding company. The Judiciary Committee has a long history of improving the Bankruptcy Code to ensure that it is equipped properly to administer all failing companies.    The Financial Institution Bankruptcy Act adds to this history by enhancing the ability of financial firms to be resolved through the bankruptcy process. The development of the legislation before us today has been a collaborative effort that included the financial and legal community, Members of Congress on both sides of the aisle, the Federal Reserve, the FDIC, the courts, and Treasury.    I applaud Congressman Trott for continuing the efforts of last Congress to strengthen the bankruptcy code and Chairman Marino for holding today's hearing on this important reform. I look forward to hearing from today's witnesses on the Financial Institution Bankruptcy Act and whether the passage of time has resulted in the need for any further revisions to the bill.    And at this time it is my pleasure to yield the balance of my time to the gentleman from Michigan, Mr. Trott, the chief sponsor of the legislation for any opening remarks that he might have.    Mr. Goodlatte. And I yield back. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.