    Mr. RICE. Excuse me. Could you pull the microphone just a little closer, please?    Mr. RICE. Thank you.    Mr. RICE. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And thank you to all the members of the panel for being here. I just really love hearing your success stories. I think the best welfare to work program is a good, healthy economy, like you have in Florida, like you have in Texas. Looking at the poverty rates, you know, we were about where we are, around 15 percent in the country in the early 90s. Then it went down to about 12 percent and stayed there for a long time. And since 2008, it's been back up around 15 percent. So I think the best thing that we can do here in Washington is to do what we can to get our economy going. And the best way to do that is make this country competitive. But that being said, so many things you all have said intrigue me.    You know, I come from Myrtle Beach, South Carolina, which has a lot of similarities to Florida. And the tourism economy has a lot of similarities, or same issues, with Omni hotels. And I hear employers all the time in my hometown tell me that they simply cannot fully staff. I had a lady who has 3000 hotel rooms in Myrtle Beach tell me that they needed literally hundreds of people.    Now, one problem we've got that you probably don't have in Dallas and less so in Florida, is we're a little more seasonal. And I'd love to have your advice on how--we actually arranged for a job fair in a rural community. Had you know, a couple hundred people show up. Arranged for buses to go back and forth. And it was, it worked well, but it just gradually diminished. How do we keep that fire going, Ms. Larrea?    Mr. RICE. Okay. Thank you. And I only have a limited time. You and I could talk about this for a hour. But I want to have Ms. Doucet--is that how you say your name?    Mr. RICE. Doucet. These jobs that we're talking about, with the seasonal hotels in Myrtle Beach and also with Omni in Dallas, I assume we're talking about like housekeeping and linen and all these types of things. Are you paying minimum wage, or are you having to go above minimum wage to attract these people?    Mr. RICE. But with a three percent unemployment rate, I imagine you're well above minimum wage. Am I----    Mr. RICE. Does the government, does the government force you to pay over minimum wage, or you do that in response to the competition and the need for these people?    Mr. RICE. Thank you, ma'am. Thank you.    Mr. RICE. Mr. Brame, I want your advice on this. We have in Florence, South Carolina, which is a little more industrial, we have a great technical school. The Southern Institute of Manufacturing and Technology. And they have something called a computerized digital machining program. And they can only take--excuse me--80 kids a year. And it's a two-year program. And they have two problems. One, they can only get 40 kids a year to sign up for it. And two, they don't finish the program. The ones that do--because there's such a need for this--that the people get hired after one year, making 60 to 80,000 a year. What would be your advice on A, how they can attract, and B, retain these kids, when there's such a dramatic need for it?    Mr. RICE. Thank you. I yield back my negative 40 seconds.