    Mr. Ehnes. Mr. Chairman, Ranking Member, and members of the committee, thank you for the opportunity to testify on the accountability, policies, and tactics of law enforcement within the Department of the Interior and the U.S. Forest Service.    My name is Russ Ehnes, and I am the Executive Director of the National Off-Highway Vehicle Conservation Council, or NOVCC. We are a 501(c)(3), nonprofit, educational foundation. We have a 25-year history of working in partnership with the U.S. Forest Service to improve the management of off-highway vehicles' opportunities nationwide.    Through that period, NOVCC has conducted dozens of off-highway vehicle management workshops across the Nation in every Forest Service region. We have also published a book entitled, Management Guidelines for Off-Highway Vehicle Recreation; and we will soon release a comprehensive off-highway vehicle trail design, construction, maintenance and management guidebook.    The common theme in all of these workshops and publications is the ``four E's,'' and the ``four E's'' are engineering, education, enforcement, and evaluation. The concept is simple. If managers apply proper engineering to trails and facilities, educate the public about how to use them responsibly, use enforcement when needed to address compliance issues, and evaluate the results and make adjustments, then OHV use will be successfully managed, sustainable, and fun.    The ``four E's'' are a simple and proven technique, and it has resulted in high quality, sustainable off-highway vehicle recreation opportunities across the Nation.    NOVCC is a strong proponent of enforcement, which is one of the ``four E's'' and one of the most important tools in the land manager's toolbox. Enforcement is critical not only for compliance, but is also an important educational tool. Not every encounter with the public results in a citation, nor should it.    Enforcement also contributes to visitor safety and to visitor sense of security while recreating on public lands. For the off-highway vehicle community, issues arise when the Forest Service supervisor and the district rangers cannot use enforcement to augment their management programs.    My personal example is similar to examples that NOVCC hears about across the country. I am currently the President of the Great Falls Trail Bike Riders Association, or GFTBRA. We have a very robust and successful partnership with the Lewis and Clark National Forest. GFTBRA contributes hundreds of hours of volunteer work every year, has a dozen certified sawyers, and employ two full-time seasonal workers to maintain trails. We've published over 80,000 maps in partnership with the U.S. Forest Service. The result is one of the best managed trail systems in the country.    In spite of these efforts, we still have compliance issues on holiday weekends in several locations. The few people causing the problems tend to be less involved in clubs. They're typically very casual users who show up once or twice a year on a holiday weekend and ride near campgrounds illegally. We know where they will be. We know when they will be there, and we know what they will be doing. Several years ago we asked the Forest Supervisor for help. We asked him to have the enforcement officers visit three key areas at key times.    He agreed that the timing was right and that the need for enforcement was critical, but could not promise that it would happen since he was not sure that this would be the top priority for his law enforcement person. He could only ask to see if it was the top priority of his LEO.    I mentioned we have a very strong partnership with the Lewis and Clark National Forest. Several years ago, we had a GFTBRA sponsored trail ride that was permitted in the Little Belt Mountains. At those rides, we inspect each and every vehicle to make sure they are in compliance with state sound limits, spark arresters, and to make sure that each vehicle is registered with its OHV decal. We also require the participants to wear helmets even though it is not required by state law.    Unbeknownst to us at that ride, and also unbeknownst to the recreation planner that we had worked with to coordinate the event, the U.S. Forest Service LEO set up a check station on a route leading into and out of the event. He did not issue any citations. Everyone was legal. However, the level of trust that we had worked to build with the Forest Service was damaged. Many of the riders wondered, ``Why didn't the LEO just stop at our staging area to check us? '' Many riders felt ambushed.    The issue is pretty simple as I see it. Forest supervisors are charged with managing national forests, and one of the most important tools in their toolbox is not dependably at their disposal. While cooperation between the supervisors and the law enforcement officer is generally the rule, it is the exception that causes problems for our community.    Mr. Ehnes. Mr. Chairman, Congresswoman, it is an attitude that does exist in some agencies, and we have done, I think, a very good job in many areas of building very strong relationships with the Forest Service.    The stove-piping is helping damage those recreations from the standpoint that we have good communications with the Forest supervisors, the district rangers, the recreation staff; and in my personal experience with the Lewis and Clark, I will call all of those people friends. We work very closely to make sure that our resource for our recreation is managed well and the people are educated.    In the example that I gave of the checkpoint that the LEO set up at one of our rides, it was perplexing to our riders because we as an organization feel as though we have a very strong relationship and did not understand why that had to happen that way. It would have been a great opportunity for the LEO to introduce himself to our riders and actually enhance the relationship had that person come into the camp.    If the communication or the direction from the Forest supervisor or the district ranger would have been in place, that's probably what would have happened because it would have heard about the strength of that relationship.    Mr. Ehnes. Mr. Congressman, yes; and I want to be clear that check stations are an important tool in the right areas. I live in Montana and have recreated there for 45 years on public land, and I nor anybody that I am acquainted with has ever encountered a check station on a trail anywhere. So, it is not a tool that gets applied in Montana on a consistent basis.    There are places where it is appropriate. In this situation, the permitted event was with the Great Falls Trail Bike Riders and Montana Trail Vehicle Riders. As I mentioned, we go through a great deal of effort to make sure that compliance is perfect, that our people are examples, and that we use those events to educate anybody that we run into.    I think that had we had the opportunity for enforcement to be informed about our relationship with the Forest and have them engaged with us at the trail head, it could have been an opportunity for us to build a strong relationship. We really want to work with enforcement to help them do a better job, understand how to report crimes, all of those things that could have resulted in a better outcome.    The fact that they were out just a little ways from the trail head with clearly the intent of checking our members who are the shining stars, if you will, of the OHV community, did damage their trust because they felt a little bit ambushed.