    Ms. Miller. Well, thank you very much, Chairman Whitfield and Ranking Member Rush and members of the subcommittee for inviting me to share my expertise today. I appreciate the subcommittee's interest in the Department of Energy's energy conservation program as well as opportunities for Congress to improve it.    I am the senior policy analyst at the George Washington University Regulatory Studies Center, where I analyze the effects of regulation on public welfare, including the effects of DOE's energy efficiency standards on consumers specifically.    Through my research, I have identified ways in which these standards can harm consumers rather than benefiting them by limiting the products available and removing from the market appliances that might best suit their needs.    DOE's energy efficiency standards regulate appliances used in most households such as dishwashers, air conditioners, and refrigerators, and as a result, they affect almost all U.S. consumers. These standards increase the prices of common appliances in exchange for reducing consumers' energy and water bills in the future.    While DOE does estimate that consumers receive large net benefits from this tradeoff, it does not take into account the diversity of Americans, or that U.S. households have very different needs and preferences when it comes to household appliances. As a result, one-size-fits-all energy efficiency standards can deprive consumers of the ability to make purchases that best suit their circumstances and constraints, and in such cases, these regulations are a cost to consumers rather than a benefit.    For example, efficient dishwashers or clothes dryers save consumers more money in the long term the more frequently they are used and tends not to benefit households with lower frequency of use, which includes couples or single residents, such as the elderly. In proposing energy efficiency standards for clothes washers, DOE calculated large benefits by estimating that a household operates its clothes washer 392 times per year or more than once a day on average.    And while this might be realistic for large families or households with small children, it does not represent every household. In fact, even after accounting for their lower energy bills, the standards ended up costing the nearly 70 percent of American households that use clothes washers less frequently than six times per week. And to illustrate from personal experience, a very efficient dishwasher made sense for my mother, who has nine children and used to run the dishwasher as much as four times per day, if you can imagine that. But my current household of two, we run the dishwasher twice a week, and in our case, it is not likely that a more efficient and more expensive appliance is going to be worth the investment.    In addition, efficiency standards are particularly costly for low-income households. Wealthier Americans can afford to wait years or even decades to recoup the higher cost of an efficient appliance while poor Americans with less certain streams of income have higher opportunity costs. DOE calculates high benefits by using a relatively low time value of money, which field studies find represents wealthier households.    Changing DOE's model to reflect the actual time value of money to low- and median-income households shows that they encourage large net costs as a result of efficiency standards. When a paycheck has to cover rent, food, and other necessities, a very efficient appliance may not be affordable even if it does reduce electric bills in the future. Many families simply cannot borrow at the 3 percent rates that DOE assumes.    But energy cost savings are not the only justification for these standards, as we have heard, as more efficient appliances can also reduce environmental emissions, but these environmental benefits are typically quite small relative to the cost of the standards. In fact, the costs outweigh these benefits by a factor of three to one. By looking at environmental benefits alone, DOE would not be able to justify the standards that it has set for most appliances.    In sum, the payoff from more efficient appliances will vary depending on a household's income, size, and other characteristics such as geographic location. It is perfectly rational for individual households to prefer to purchase different appliances, including those that do not meet DOE's standards. By taking away those choices and preventing households from buying the appliance that best suits their individual needs, DOE is imposing a cost on consumers and not a benefit. This is particularly true for low- and median-income Americans and the elderly who bear the highest costs of appliance efficiency standards.    Thank you all for your time. I look forward to your questions.    Ms. Miller. It began in 2009.    Ms. Miller. That is right.    Ms. Miller. Since 2012.    Ms. Miller. Uh-huh.    Ms. Miller. I would say that these standards have very different effects on different households based on some of the characteristics that I mentioned, and also some that I state as well in my written testimony.    For instance, if you live in Texas, maybe it is more beneficial for you to have an efficient air conditioner, but do you care how efficient your furnace is, how often are you ever going to use it?    Ms. Miller. In that case, you may not actually save any money by getting an efficient furnace. So I would say that different situations----    Ms. Miller. Absolutely.    Ms. Miller. That is correct, and the Department used that in its analysis.    Ms. Miller. That seems to be the case, and the Department also does acknowledge that there are negative impacts on those groups in its own analyses.    Ms. Miller. It is not a view that is outside the mainstream.    Ms. Miller. I think it is a valid question to say what is this analysis based on, and I think to reiterate some of the other remarks made by other members of this panel, it is difficult to see where those claims come from in DOE's analysis.    Ms. Miller. And if you are looking at dishwashers specifically, if you look at the standards that were finalized in 2012, they assumed, as you mentioned before, Mr. McGuire, that the payback period would be about 12 years, which is only as long as your dishwasher is going to last, and I think they assume that households would save on net $3.