    Mr. Walker. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I would like to commend you guys for the duration here and hanging in there. But I think even more I am impressed with these young ladies who have sit on this front row the entire time. I don't know who their parents are, but maybe we need to have you back on a committee on parenting or something. So, yes, excellent job there. Well behaved.    I want to start off by addressing something absolutely crucial to the understanding and the purpose of this hearing. I have heard a few comments today saying this is frivolous, why are we here, but let's be clear. The exact purpose that we are here today, and that is because of President Obama's executive overreach. Whatever the President could not pass through Congress in his first 6 years is now getting force-fed to all Americans. He has created chaos at the Federal, National, and at the State level by expanding the executive powers at whim. That is one of the reasons that you guys are here today.    Strong Statement, but I believe his disrespect of the presidency, that is, the President, the legislative process, and the States as independent sovereign bodies. Most of all, he has cheated Americans out of their constitutional prerogative to be heard by their elected representatives.    I do have a question. It seems like today that we have tried to make a case in some instances that only a little bit of illegal activity is OK. I don't understand that, so my question is what percentage of voter fraud is OK. I know that is rhetorical, but I would love to hear just a quick response on how you feel about that for the record.    Mr. Walker. Well, thanks for taking pride in that, Mr. Husted.    Mr. Kobach?    Mr. Walker. Thank you.    Mr. von Spakovsky. Congressman, the whole reason the U.S. Supreme Court upheld the voter ID as constitutional in 2008 was because it said not only does this Country have a history of voter fraud, but could make the difference in close elections. It is a completely invalid comparison to take the number of prosecutions in cases and compare it to, for example, the total number of votes cast in a particular State because of that very issue, it can make a difference in close elections.    I keep going back to Fairfax County, the 117 individuals we found who were not U.S. citizens who had voted in past elections. Virginia has millions of registered voters. Yet, in the past few years we have had attorney generals in other cases decided by less than 500 votes in one case, less than 1,000 votes in another case. And that was only one county where we found over 100 non-citizens who had voted in prior elections.    The key thing is any kind of fraud like that cheats American citizens from the value of their vote.    Mr. Walker. Thank you.    Mr. Dunlap?    Mr. Walker. Thank you, Mr. Dunlap.    One last question. I have about 45 seconds left, so just a quick answer. What percentage of voter fraud goes undetected? Is there any way to have a number on that? How would we know that?    Mr. Walker. Thank you. That is my point.    Yes, go ahead, Mr. Kobach.    Mr. Walker. So the point being this: the numbers that we have heard thrown out, .02 percent here, really is a number that shouldn't even be taken into consideration because of what we can't detect that is voter fraud.    Mr. Husted, I will let you close, then I will yield back.