    Mr. Whitfield. I would like to call the hearing to order this morning.    Today we are going to have another discussion on a discussion draft addressing hydropower regulatory modernization, and the FERC process coordination under the Natural Gas Act. As you know, we have had a series of meetings and hearings on drafts that we want to incorporate in an overall energy bill, and today, as I said, we are going to be focusing on hydroelectric power and natural gas. And our goal is to help unleash the potential of these affordable domestic energy sources by modernizing the applicable regulatory process at FERC.    If ever there were such a thing as a bipartisan energy source, it is certainly hydroelectric, and natural gas would be at the top of the list. So I look forward to working with all of my colleagues to minimize the red tape and maximize the benefits of these two sources for the sake of affordable energy, the environment, national security, job creation, and certainly economic growth.    Hydroelectric is a source of clean, reliable, and affordable power, yet the federal process for licensing new capacity or relicensing existing capacity is considerably more cumbersome than for other renewable sources. For example, I have been told that it is not unusual that these hydropower projects to obtain the permits sometimes takes on average maybe up to 5 years, and I know we are going to hear today about a process that has taken 15, 16 years. But on the other side of the coin, for wind and solar projects, the Administration is so focused on moving those that you can get permits in 18 months, and then also you get exemptions from the Migratory Bird Act and also the Eagle Protection Act. So there is a lot of favoritism in those areas.    So this discussion draft will establish FERC as the exclusive authority on hydroelectric licensing, and includes several provisions to eliminate redundant and unnecessary requirements, and put the review process on a reasonable schedule. It also encourages the creation of new hydroelectric power from existing non-powered dams by providing a licensing exemption for qualifying facilities. In all cases, all cases, the environmental and safety requirements for these facilities will be maintained. So we are not taking away any power from the agencies that have that responsibility.    A few weeks ago, we had a hearing and I talked about Dire Straits, they had a song, Money for Nothing, Chicks are Free. Today, we have the words of Woody Guthrie in his song, Roll on Columbia, and it goes like this, and up on the river is the Grand Coulee Dam, the mightiest thing ever built by man, to run these great factories and water the land, it is roll on, Columbia, roll on. So we want to help Woody Guthrie keep this water rolling, produce this hydropower. Now, he didn't talk about natural gas, but FERC is also involved in the approval process for interstate natural gas pipelines, and the problems are much the same as with hydroelectric power: a slow and unpredictable approval process that is out of touch with America's energy needs today. This is particularly true of natural gas, given the tremendous increases in domestic output over the last decade. So getting that gas to the power plants and factories and consumers that need it will require new pipelines as well as upgrades of existing pipelines. In fact, this was a major point in the Department of Energy's Quadrennial Energy Review. It was clear that a more streamlined permitting process will help to build these pipelines.    So that is out goal. We want an efficient, quick process, but we want to protect the environment and make sure that we provide adequate protections for safety and everything else. So that is what our hearing is about this morning.    I am really delighted, we have two panels of witnesses, and I will be introducing our first panel in just a minute. At this time, I would like to recognize Mr. Rush for his opening statement.    Mr. Rush. I want to thank you, Mr. Chairman. Mr. Chairman, before I begin, I want to ask for unanimous consent that we hear you sing the Woody Guthrie song, you know.    Mr. Whitfield. Well, thank you. I will do that a little bit later.    Mr. Rush. I want to thank you for holding the hearing. Unfortunately, Mr. Chairman, we are once again holding a hearing on two unrelated issues that each deserve their own separate consideration in their own right. The FERC process coordination under the Natural Gas Act is an updated version of H.R. 161 and H.R. 1900, which the subcommittee has previously examined, and is an attempt to expedite the FERC process for permitting natural gas pipelines. The biggest concern I have, Mr. Chairman, is one that I brought up in each of my previous attempts to modify this process, which is that this bill is simply a solution in search of a problem.    Mr. Chairman, FERC data shows that between 2009 and 2015, over 100 million natural gas pipeline projects were approved, spanning over 3,700 miles in 35 states, and with a total capacity of over 45 million cubic feet per day. Additionally, Mr. Chairman, while the average time from filing to approval was under 10 months, an overwhelming 91 percent of applications were decided within 12 months. Even the GAO has concluded that FERC's pipeline permitting process is both predictable and consistent, and pipelines are being built in a timely manner. In fact, Mr. Chairman, in testimony from stakeholders, ranging from the Interstate Natural Gas Association of America to Dominion Energy, this subcommittee has heard repeatedly that the current permitting process works well, and FERC has done a good job of deciding permits within a reasonable time period.    So, Mr. Chairman, the question remains, is there really a problem?    As far as the second and unrelated part of this hearing of dealing with the licenses of hydropower, I must say, Mr. Chairman, that this is the first time this subcommittee has even held an oversight hearing on this issue in at least the last 3 Congresses. Since I began as ranking member of this subcommittee in 2001, this is the first time we have even looked at this issue. And today's hearing does not have one single witness from any of the agencies who can testify on the impact that this draft legislation would have on any of our other natural resources that the citizens of this nation depend on in our waterways. Mr. Chairman, there is not one single representative from the Department of Interior, or commerce, or any of the state agencies who can testify on how this bill might impact our shorelines, our rivers, or our streams in regards to protecting the general public interest outside of the narrow consideration of providing hydropower. Mr. Chairman, there is not a single witness on either panel who can provide this subcommittee with expert testimony on how taking authority away from other agencies, and consolidating power and decision making authority solely within FERC might impact the public interest in matters regarding environmental protection, or families visiting a lake having a sufficient access to boat, fish, hike, or swim.    Mr. Chairman, before we make it easier for private companies to take control of the use of the waters belonging to the people in this great nation, we should at least hear from the experts within those agencies that are responsible for protecting those interests.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I will yield back my time.    Mr. Whitfield. Gentleman yields back.    Mr. Upton is not here this morning. Is there anyone on our side of the aisle would like to make a statement? If not, then at this time I recognize the ranking member, Mr. Pallone, of New Jersey for 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. The gentleman yields back, and thank you very much for those statements. And that concludes the statements.    So as I said, we have two panel of witnesses, and on the first panel, we have the Honorable Paul R. LePage, who is the Governor of Maine. Governor, we appreciate your taking time to be with us today, and thank you for being willing to participate. In addition, we have Ann Miles, who is the Director of the Office of Energy Projects at FERC. Ms. Miles, thank you very much for joining us. And each one of you will be recognized for 5 minutes for your statement, and then we will open it up for questions.    So, Governor, I will begin with you, and you are recognized for 5 minutes. And the little box on the table has the lights which--red would mean stop, but if you are in mid-sentence, you can go on and complete it. Thank you. And turn your microphone on also, thank you.    Governor LePage. Good morning, Chairman Whitfield, Ranking Member Rush, and members of the subcommittee. Thank you for the opportunity to testify today, and the efforts that this committee will take to modernize our federal permitting process for energy infrastructure.    Natural gas and hydropower can provide competitive and clean energy for our economy. We need infrastructure, we plead with you, from pipelines to transmission lines, to take advantage of these plentiful resources. The people of New England want these projects done, but bureaucracy is preventing timely action. Bureaucracy has hijacked democracy.    Natural gas. New England has transitioned to natural gas to generate electricity. We have gone from 15 percent to almost 50 percent in the last 15 years. Our infrastructure has simply not kept up. Our pipeline cannot transport enough gas from Pennsylvania. This has caused prices to spike from $3 per million BTUs to $20 per million BTUs; some of the highest prices in the world. This has dramatic consequences for New England. In Maine, we lost two major employers. Electric bills for residential customers have skyrocketed. The average electric price in our region is now 17.3 cents per kilowatt hour. In some areas, bills have increased by as much as 100 percent. We need a sense of urgency at the federal level to permit natural gas infrastructure. States must step up to prioritize these projects. Together, it can get done.    It makes no sense to me why it should take 3 to 5 years to build a pipeline. We built several hundred miles within our state in 18 months. The legislation before you today would help empowering FERC to make deadlines for other federal agencies. As far as I am concerned, Washington could use a lot more deadlines.    Hydropower. The committee's proposal regarding hydropower is encouraging. This country has ignored the benefits of hydropower. New England knows that hydropower is necessary to provide clean, predictable power. New England governors met last month to discuss infrastructure and transmission line to Canada. The committee must work to overhaul our cross-border permitting laws. Maine shares a huge border with Canada. I am concerned when cross-border permitting becomes politicized, like it has with the Keystone Pipeline. This is not how we should be doing business with our neighbors to the north; Canada.    The committee draft legislation would exempt existing non-powered dams from the Federal Power Act if it does not significantly alter the dam. This is very sensible. We should remove roadblocks for getting power out of existing dams. Maine has a potential of 70 megawatts of additional hydropower available for non-powered dams.    Gentlemen, overzealous activists are taking advantage of federal bureaucracy. I can give you a number of examples. They are blocking affordable energy for our citizens and our businesses. Congress must back our country. We must take it back from the bureaucracy of Federal Government. I often say, you have heard the saying, too big to fail, well, I say Washington is getting too big to work. Congress must act.    And I thank you for your time.    Mr. Whitfield. And, Governor, thank you very much for that statement.    And at this time, Ms. Miles, you are recognized for 5 minutes for your opening statement.    Ms. Miles. Thank you. Chairman Whitfield, Ranking Member Rush, and members of the subcommittee, my name is Ann Miles and I am the Director of the Office of Energy Projects at the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission.    The commission is responsible for siting infrastructure for nonfederal hydropower projects, interstate natural gas pipelines and storage facilities, and liquefied natural gas terminals. I appreciate the opportunity to appear before you to comment on the discussion drafts.    As a member of the commission's staff, the views I express in this testimony are my own, and not those of the commission or any individual commissioner.    I will first comment on the discussion draft addressing hydropower. It has the important goals of improving transparency, accountability, and timely decision-making. Because the hydro draft is extensive, I will only highlight a few sections in my oral testimony. In Section 1302 of the draft, which adds a new Section 34 to the Federal Power Act, or FPA, I support the development of procedures to lower the time, effort, and expense needed to develop hydropower projects at existing non-powered dams. However, it is not always the case that a small capacity project has only minor environmental impacts. Therefore, removing federal jurisdiction for qualifying facilities that are 5 megawatts or less could result in unintended consequences for environmental resources. I am also concerned about some of the specifics of the proposed new FPA Section 34, including, for example, the extent to which it could be read as elevating economic and operational concerns over other public interest considerations. In Section 1303, I do not support the amendment to Section 33 of the FPA to require the commission, rather than the secretaries, to determine whether a licensed applicant's alternative condition under Section 4(e) or Section 18 of the FPA would protect the federal agency's reservation. Further, shifting oversight of the trial-type hearings required in the new Section 35 to the commission would not eliminate the substantial expense and time associated with such hearings, as I understand is the current situation. Instead, Congress may wish to consider eliminating them entirely, and allowing the commission to address disputes on the material facts of the proceeding earlier in the commission's licensing process. Finally, in Section 1304, I am supportive of the intent of the amendments to Section 308 and the new Section 313 to bring certainty and timeliness to the hydro-licensing process. However, without a method to enforce any established schedule, the goals may not be achieved.    I will now turn to comments on FERC process coordination under the Natural Gas Act, or NGA, which has the commendable goal of improving transparency and predictability for federal and state permitting agency actions by adding more coordination, reporting, issue resolution, and accountability. The Energy Policy Act of 2005 provided additional authorities and responsibilities to the commission in Section 15. The proposed legislation includes existing practices the commission added to its regulations in response to EPAct 2005. However, the proposed changes would move some of the activities to later in the process than is the case under current commission practice; thus, lessening efficiency.    There are two aspects of the draft that bear particular attention. First, in Section 15(c)(6), if an agency does not meet the 90 day or otherwise approved schedule, the federal agency head must notify Congress, which would provide some accountability. Second, in Section 15(e), I see value in requiring the commission to make available on its Web site the schedule established with other federal agencies, and the status of federal authorizations, because that information is now scattered in various filings. Overall, the current process for siting natural gas facilities is timely and efficient, and results in fair, thorough, and legally defensible documents. I am concerned that codifying the commission's practices too rigidly might have the unintended consequence of limiting the commission's ability to respond to the circumstances of specific cases, to changes in the natural gas industry, and to the nation's energy needs.    Finally, commission staff would be happy to provide technical assistance, and to work with other stakeholders to help refine both the hydropower and gas discussion drafts.    This concludes my remarks. I would be pleased to answer any questions you may have.    Mr. Whitfield. Well, thank you, Ms. Miles. And thank both of you once again for coming and giving us your perspective on this discussion draft.    Governor, we have had a lot of hearings, obviously, on energy issues, and one of the recurrent themes that we hear about is that in the Northeast particularly, there are a lot of problems with electricity--adequate electricity supplies. I mean some of the nuclear plants are being closed. And one of the problems is, as you--this Administration particularly, is trying to transform the way energy is being produced in America, going more to renewables, less coal, and so forth, and when you push the country so quickly in one direction, it does create some capacity problems, and I think that is what you were referring to. And is this argument that we hear about the Northeast, that they really do have capacity problems, and the polar vortex, the impact of that, do you think it is a realistic problem or is it just something that is hyped too much?    Governor LePage. Well, let me put it this way. If you own a home in Montreal, a home in a major city, and you don't heat with electricity, an average home will cost you about $34 a month in your electricity bill. If you do that in Maine, it is about $90. If you heat in December, January, and February in Montreal, it will cost you about $100 a month if you are using electricity. In Maine, you have to get a bank loan.    So, sir, it is a capacity issue, and it can be resolved with about a 40-mile transmission line to connect into Quebec Hydro and bring it right into Maine. Quebec Hydro right now has 48,000 megawatts. 48,000 megawatts. Muskrat Falls in Lower Labrador is going to be coming online in a couple of years with another 3,800 megawatts of hydro power. We don't need to build dams up in Maine, although I think the the few dams that are already in place, if you put a generator on, you could generate 70 megawatts. But my point is very simply this, there is plenty of electricity, affordable energy, but we can't get to it.    Mr. Whitfield. And so what needs to be done to get to it?    Governor LePage. We need a transmission line in the western part of Maine, about 40 miles to go to the border, and the Canadians are waiting to hook on.    Mr. Whitfield. And is that a project that you have been very much involved in, and----    Governor LePage. It is a project that we have been developing. There are three states that are willing--well, two out of three New England states are willing to do transmission at this point is Vermont is willing to transmit power from Canada into New England, and Maine is willing to transport power from Quebec into New England. The problem is getting through the bureaucracy.    Mr. Whitfield. And how long have you all been working on this project?    Governor LePage. I am in my fifth year of being governor.    Mr. Whitfield. And was it started before you became governor?    Governor LePage. Yes. New Hampshire had started it before I even came in, and that has been at a standstill ever since.    Mr. Whitfield. Well, could you be even more specific on precisely what the impediment has been?    Governor LePage. It has been state and federal.    Mr. Whitfield. State and federal.    Governor LePage. Yes, state and federal, meaning the State of New Hampshire, they have been working with Hydro Quebec for years and years and years, and frankly, we don't know where it is going.    Mr. Whitfield. But----    Governor LePage. I believe that by July or August, the Canadians are going to be looking elsewhere, looking to the other two states, and that is why it is very timely that I be here and say we need your help.    Mr. Whitfield. But you and your legal authorities have looked at this draft, and you do support this particular draft----    Governor LePage. Yes.    Mr. Whitfield . That we have before you?    Governor LePage. Absolutely. We believe that it is very, very important. For instance, there are several projects being proposed to bring natural gas from, let's say, Pennsylvania to Dracut, Massachusetts. We have the infrastructure in the ground in Maine. We have put in several hundred million dollars' worth of pipeline in the roads of Maine, but we have empty pipes because we can't connect to the source. And so we need the resource to come to at least Massachusetts, and four of the New England states are working together to try to make that happen.    Mr. Whitfield. Yes. Yes. Well, we are not trying to upset the applecart with this discussion. We have heard from so many different interests that there are some significant problems. And, Ms. Miles, I appreciate your testimony. There are certain parts of this bill that you think are reasonable, and other parts that you are willing to work with us on. But, you know, it is not only FERC but we are talking about the Corps of Engineers, the Department of the Interior, Bureau of Land Management Fish and Wildlife Service, we have all these federal agencies that have a part in this, and if they drag their feet, there is really not a lot that can be done about it. So we look forward to working with you both and others in trying to simply have a more balanced approach to help solve some of these capacity problems that we face.    At this time, recognize the gentleman from Illinois, Mr. Rush, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Rush. I want to thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Director Miles, are there any instances of a natural gas permitting application being delayed because an applicant has not submitted all of the necessary information, and if so, how would this legislation expedite the process in those cases where agencies are not provided with timely and complete information necessary to perform congressionally mandated project reviews, and what recommendations would you make to help address this particular issue?    Ms. Miles. Congressman Rush, I believe FERC has a very structured, efficient process for addressing natural gas pipeline projects. It consists of the first stage where the applicant will actually investigate whether there is a need in the area to transport gas, and then we encourage all of our applicants with major pipelines to enter into what we call pre-filing. That was established quite a while ago, and we have found some more significant rules around that came in in 2005. Anyway, during that period of time, we work with all stakeholders who have an interest in the pipeline, we work with all agencies who have responsibilities for issuing permits, and the goal of that pre-filing is to figure out what the issues are and what information is needed for not only FERC staff, but the other agencies to do their environmental reviews of siting such a pipeline. Most applicants are very accommodating and they are interested in providing us with the information that is required in all of our resource reports. If, per chance, we don't have it at the time the application is filed, then we will ask further for it.    Mr. Rush. How would this legislation impact and expedite the process in those cases where agencies are not provided with timely and complete information which is necessary for you to perform your congressionally directed processes?    Ms. Miles. We are able to move forward with our environmental document. As long as we have the information we need. Should some agencies need something after us, they then will have an opportunity to get that before they issue their permits. As far as the legislation goes, the one thing that seems to be in the gas legislation is that the head of the agency would report to Congress if there is any delay.    Mr. Rush. Have you had any extraordinary complaints from applicants about the time that it takes you to approve an application?    Ms. Miles. As I said in my testimony, we are issuing the majority of our findings in the natural gas facilities with--about 92 percent within 1 year. There are a few more complex projects that are more contentious, where it may take slightly longer, and we do hear sometimes if it takes a bit longer than that.    Mr. Rush. Would you characterize the purpose of this hearing is to deal with the 8 percent that is not granted approval? It seems to me that if you granted 92 percent, then maybe we have--in this subcommittee maybe we have finally come up with the problem, and the purpose of this subcommittee is to find out what is happening with the 8 percent that are not approved and--because 92 percent of all the applicants are approved within a timely manner, so maybe we are concerned about the 8 percent, Mr. Chairman.    But, Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Whitfield. Gentleman yields back.    At this time, recognize the gentleman from Illinois, Mr. Shimkus, for 5 minutes.    Ms. Miles. Yes. I think there is a little bit of an innuendo. Shared decision-making is absolutely one of the biggest challenges for licensing hydropower projects. That is the way Congress established the statutes, and we have worked many years to try to, through regulation and through some statute, get us all working in the same direction and in a timely--obviously, we all would like a very efficient, timely, low-cost process for hydropower.    As I understood the Section 33 change, it was a very specific part that was put into the statute that allowed applicants to come up with an alternative, and then the agencies to address that through trial-type hearings and through alternative conditions. What I am trying to say is, I believe the agencies need to give us what their bottom line condition is that they believe is needed to protect their reservation. That is what their mandate is under their statute. If Congress were to choose to then, once the commission had all those, to say that it is the commission's responsibility to do a more balanced look across those, then I can't speak for Commissioner Moeller, but I think that is a bit of a distinction.    Mr. Whitfield. The gentleman's time has expired. At this time, recognize the gentleman from California, Mr. McNerney, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. At this time, recognize the gentleman from Pennsylvania, Mr. Pitts, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. Gentleman's time has expired.    At this time, recognize the gentleman from New Jersey, Mr. Pallone, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. Gentleman's time has expired.    I know the Governor wanted to interject at one point. Did you want to make a comment?    Governor LePage. Yes, a couple of points I wanted to make. As I understand, the draft of the bill is for small, non-producing hydro facilities. It is not the large project, it is the small, little dams that are not being produced, the less megawatt, maybe 3 to 4 megawatts, which is really not a real problem in our state. Believe me, there are so many that would just jump at doing that opportunity, and I don't believe it has any impact to the Federal Government. The only ones that are concerned about it are the people here in Washington, not the people in Maine. People in Maine see that as an extra few megawatts of power. So I don't see the impact. But I will say this, to go to your point about do other agencies have an impact, I will give you a real example. We have in Maine the Canadian lynx. The Canadian lynx is called Canadian lynx because it is primarily in the real northern reaches of Quebec. The very southern border might cross over into Maine because we have a few on top of the State of Maine. It took 7 years, because in the United States, it is an endangered species but it is not native to the United States, but it took 7 years to get an incidental taking permit, which we just got a year ago. My predecessor put it in several years ago. And U.S. Fish and Wildlife just sat on it for several years. And so my point is, the importance of what we are trying to accomplish here, at least from the State of Maine, is very simply this. You have rules. No problem. We have no problem with that. Tell us what they are, give us a timetable, we get it done or we don't get it done. But the danger is this. The reason the lyn permit took so long is they gave us a set of things to do. We did them. Then they gave us more things to do. We did them. They gave us more things to do. We did them. And it dragged on for 7 years. If that was tied to a hydro project, it is done, or if it is tied to natural gas, it is done, because no one, for these small projects that I am talking about, 500 kilowatt hours up to a megawatt or 2 megawatts or 3 megawatts, are going to spend their resources, the amount of money and time to permit such a small facility. So we are talking about small, little dams in our state that really are not--we are not talking the Boulder Dam here, we are talking about little, tiny projects along little streams, rivers that are already there, the dams are already there. It is just a matter of putting generation on it. So it is a totally different--we have gotten away from what I think the whole purpose is.    Mr. Whitfield. Well, thank you, Governor, for that comment.    At this time, recognize the gentleman from Mississippi, Mr. Harper, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. Thank you.    At this time, recognize the gentleman from New York, Mr. Tonko, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. Time has expired. Thank you very much.    At this time, chair recognizes the gentleman from West Virginia, Mr. McKinley, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. Gentleman yields back.    At this time, recognize the gentleman from Maryland, Mr. Sarbanes, for 5----    Mr. Whitfield. OK. At this time, recognize the gentleman from Texas, Mr. Barton, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. Gentleman's time has expired.    At this time, recognize the gentleman from Virginia, Mr. Griffith, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. At this time, chair recognizes the gentleman from Ohio, Mr. Johnson, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. Excuse me just one minute.    Mr. Whitfield. Excuse me one minute. When you say--are you talking about--that the FERC application has been granted, or----    Ms. Miles. Yes. The----    Mr. Whitfield . The certificate has been----    Ms. Miles . Commission has authorized it and included in it the conditions that----    Mr. Whitfield. OK. Thank you.    Mr. Whitfield. At this time, recognize the gentleman from Oklahoma, Mr. Mullin, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. Gentleman yields back.    And that concludes the questions for the first panel. Once again, Governor, thank you for being here. Ms. Miles, thank you for being here. We look forward to working with both of you as we continue our efforts to develop an energy package. And thank you again for your time, and we will be in touch.    At this time, I would like to call up the second panel. On the second panel today, we have 6 witnesses. I am not going to introduce everybody immediately, but I will introduce you as you are recognized to give your opening statement. And so if you all, when you get time, would have a seat. I want to thank all of your for joining us today, and we appreciate also your patience.    And our first witness this morning will be Mr. Donald Santa on the second panel. He is the President and CEO of the Interstate Natural Gas Association of America. Mr. Santa, thanks again for being with us. And each one of you will be given 5 minutes for your opening statement, and then we will open it up for questions.    So, Mr. Santa, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. Mr. Santa, thank you very much for that opening statement.    Our next witness is Ms. Carolyn Elefant, who is a Member of the Board of the Pipeline Safety Coalition, and Principal of the Law Offices of Carolyn Elefant. So thank you for being with us, and you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. All right, thank you very much, Ms. Elefant.    At this time, our next witness is Mr. John Collins, who is the Managing Director of Business Development at Cube Hydro Partners. You are recognized for 5 minutes, Mr. Collins.    Mr. Whitfield. Well, thank you, Mr. Collins.    And our next witness is Mr. Richard Roos-Collins, who is General Counsel for the Hydropower Reform Coalition, and Principal in the Water and Power Law Group, and he is testifying on behalf of the Hydropower Reform Coalition. So you are recognized for 5 minutes, Mr. Collins.    Mr. Whitfield. Thank you, Mr. Roos-Collins.    And our next witness is Mr. Randy Livingston, who is Vice President of Power Generation, at Pacific Gas and Electric. And you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. Thanks, Mr. Livingston.    And our next witness is John Suloway, who is Board Member of the National Hydropower Association, and you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. Well, thank you, Mr. Suloway. And thank all of you for your testimony.    And at this time, I will recognize myself for 5 minutes of questions.    It is obvious to everyone that the two subject matters we are looking at is natural gas pipelines, and we are looking at hydropower. And, Mr. Roos-Collins, I think I know where everybody stands on this draft. You focused on hydropower. You indicated--are you--did you say that you believe that there are some problems at FERC relating to licensing and relicensing of hydropower that need to be addressed, or I know that you are opposed to this particular draft, but are there some areas that you do think needs to be addressed?    Mr. Whitfield. OK. Thank you. I just wanted to clarify that.    And, Mr. Livingston, would you say that from your perspective at PG&E, is licensing more of an issue or is relicensing more of an issue?    Mr. Whitfield. Right.    Mr. Whitfield. Right. Now, you said you had seven active relicensing projects right now, I believe, and I think your testimony talked about the cost would be $20 to $50 million. And I think you mentioned $100 million. What was that about?    Mr. Whitfield. And my understanding, I am not an expert, but my understanding, the relicensing is almost as cumbersome as the licensing process, is that correct?    Mr. Whitfield. It is the same, OK. OK.    And, Mr. Santa--well, back to you, Mr. Livingston. I have heard about one relicensing project that you all have been involved in that has gone on for a number of years. I don't know specifically the information about it, but could you give us a recent example of a challenging and cumbersome hydropower licensing proceeding that you are going through that has been particularly frustrating?    Mr. Whitfield. So is it this primarily a federal issue or a state issue, or----    Mr. Whitfield. OK.    Mr. Whitfield. Right.    Mr. Whitfield. And how many years have you been involved in this project?    Mr. Whitfield. Eleven years ago. And it is still not resolved.    Mr. Whitfield. OK.    Mr. Santa, Mrs. Elefant had mentioned in her testimony that from her perspective, there is really no need for change, and she specifically said if you have a problem, you can file this lawsuit. I am assuming that you don't view that as a practical solution because of cost.    Mr. Whitfield. You had mentioned this GAO report, I believe it was in your testimony, but it basically said that the average length of time on one of these pipeline certificates is like 5 years, I believe.    Mr. Whitfield. 558. The 5 years, I guess, was the pre-filing and the other agency permits and so forth.    Mr. Whitfield. Right.    Mr. Whitfield. Right.    Mr. Whitfield. Yes.    Mr. Whitfield. Yes. And I point that out just because it does appear that there is an issue here. I mean some people are indicating that they don't think there is an issue, and that is why we have these hearings to hear all sides.    So my time has expired. At this time, recognize the gentleman from Illinois for 5 minutes.    Mr. Rush. Mr. Chairman, I yield back.    Mr. Whitfield. At this time, recognize the gentleman from Virginia, Mr. Griffith, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. Gentleman's time is up.    At this time, recognize the gentleman from California, Mr. McNerney, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. Gentleman's time has expired.    I have a couple of other questions I would like to ask, and if any of you all want to ask any others, fine. But, Mr. John Collins, one question I want to ask you is, do you think hydropower is disadvantaged by this current regulatory process?    Mr. Whitfield. Yes, I mentioned in my opening statement that there are certain renewables like wind and solar that get precedence, that get preferential treatment, and are even exempted from some federal laws. But OK, I just wanted to clarify that.    And then, Mr. Suloway, and maybe Mr. Roos-Collins might want to comment on this as well, but you stated that other federal resource agencies have the authority to impose mandatory environmental conditions on the FERC license, and that that seems to contribute to delay and additional cost. Am I reading something into your statement, or is that accurate what I have said that you believe?    Mr. Whitfield. OK.    Mr. Whitfield. Do you want to make a comment on that, Mr. Collins--Roos-Collins? I mean you don't have to, I was just----    Mr. Whitfield. Right.    Mr. Whitfield. Yes. Yes.    Mr. Whitfield. Yes, well, I think that is important because sometimes there are additional costs, but maybe the benefits outweigh that. But also let me ask this question. Do these mandatory conditioning authority of other federal resource agencies frustrate FERC's ability to balance or modify the public interest? Do any of you have a thought on that?    Mr. Whitfield. OK.    Mr. Whitfield. OK. Well, thank you.    Mr. Green is recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. You are welcome.    Recognize Mr. Rush.    Mr. Rush. Thank you. Mr. Chairman, thank you so much.    Mr. Whitfield. Well, that concludes the questions, and concludes the hearing. And once again, I want to thank all of you for taking your time and coming and sharing your views and experiences with us. We look forward to working with all of you as we move forward trying to develop an overall energy package.    And we will keep the record open for 10 days. And I would like to ask unanimous consent that the following statements and letters be submitted for the record. A letter from the Edison Electric Institute in support of the hydropower regulatory modernization discussion draft, and second, a statement from the American Public Power Association in support of both the natural gas pipeline permitting reform and hydropower regulatory modernization discussion drafts.    Voice. Without objection.    Mr. Whitfield. Without objection, so entered.    Mr. Whitfield. And thank you all once again.    And that will conclude today's hearing.