    Mr. Ratcliffe. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I think everyone here knows and hopefully agrees that unnecessary regulations hurt job growth and suppress wages, but we often talk about that conceptually. We talk about it in broad strokes. We talk about tens of thousands of jobs that will be crushed by a new regulation created by some unelected bureaucrat or the millions of dollars in compliance costs. But those tens of thousands of jobs are not just numbers; they are individuals, and they are families. They are hardworking Texans like a lot of the folks that I represent. And those millions of dollars in compliance costs do not just appear out of thin air. Those are funds that could otherwise be used to pay salaries or to create more jobs or to invest in future growth.    Just 2 months ago, Gallup released a poll that found that 69 percent of Americans name big government as the biggest threat to our country right now and in the future, not ISIS, not out-of-control spending, not a broken health care system, not a nuclear Iran. Now, those threats are certainly all real. But right now, 7 out of 10 Americans are most worried about a rapidly growing government, a government that does stifle opportunity instead of fostering it. And it is a real problem, as we are hearing today. It is forcing companies out of business that have been around for almost a century. Real people are losing their jobs. Businesses are not growing.    So, Dr. McLaughlin, I want to start with you. Regulators do not seem to understand that the world is interconnected. They appear to view each regulation in isolation and do not seem to understand that they are actually crushing the jobs of their fellow Americans. I want to give you an opportunity to elaborate on this very narrow-minded, naive, in my opinion, view of the world.    Mr. Ratcliffe. So I think you would agree with me that the claimed societal benefits of regulations are often inflated. And if you do agree with me, who is it that is pushing the inflated benefit estimates, and why are they doing that?    Mr. Ratcliffe. Thank you, doctor. Ms. Kaboth, your testimony touched on two very troubling trends that we are seeing: one, out-of-touch regulators who seem to have no grasp of the real-world impact of the regulations. You said they need to understand the local impacts of their rule on real people whose real lives may be ruined by losing their job. I could not agree more.    You also discussed a troubling pattern by this Administration of imposing an illegal regulation forcing the industry to spend sometimes millions of dollars to comply with it, only to then have courts throw that regulation out. And by that time, of course, it is too late for the companies who have spent all that money to do anything about it and to comply. So, as an individual business owner and an employer, I want to give you an opportunity to talk a little bit about the human element and consequence of those two trends.    Mr. Ratcliffe. My time has expired. I would just like to say this in closing: that your company has been in your community for almost a century. That is quite a feat. Congratulations. It would also be quite a shame if the reason it stopped doing business was--after nearly a century--was because of unnecessary regulatory interference. With that, I yield back, Mr. Chairman.