    Mr. Renacci. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank you for holding this important hearing to remind us of the consequences of an unsustainable fiscal path.    As the father of three, I believe that we are responsible to leave our children and grandchildren with a country that is financially stronger than the country we inherited. Unfortunately, though, Washington too often chooses to kick the can down the road and not address the challenges we face.    Absent serious reforms, these challenges aren't going away. However, I am very concerned that many here in Congress still don't understand the seriousness of this problem.    Dr. Cochrane, your testimony discussed the dangers of this mindset. You said: ``Debt crises, like all other crises that really threaten an economy and society, do not come with decades of warning. Do not expect slowly rising interest rates to canary the coal mine. Even Greece could borrow at remarkably low rates. Until, one day, it couldn't, with catastrophic results.    ``The fear for the U.S. is similar. We will have long years of low rates. Until, some day, it is discovered that some books are cooked and somebody owes a lot of money that they can't pay back, and people start to question debts everywhere.''    Mr. Cochrane, you also stated: ``Debt crises are like earthquakes. It is always quiet. People laugh at you for worrying. Buying insurance seems a waste of money. Until it isn't.''    I agree that we need to tackle problems now before the debt earthquake hits. But before tackling the problem, Members of Congress must really start fully understanding it.    That is one of the reasons why I introduced a piece of legislation, a Bipartisan Working Group, entitled the Fiscal State of the Nation, to provide Members of Congress and the American people an annual update on the long-term financial health of the country. Our Nation's finances are one of the most important pieces of information that lawmakers should consider when setting policy agendas for each Congress, but too often I believe that many here in Washington are willfully blind to the subject.    I was a businessman for 28 years. I can tell you that every year, along with every month, I looked at balance sheets and income statements to determine what policies we were going to move forward with, and those became one of the most important reasons that we made decisions we make. We don't do enough of that.    The Fiscal State of the Nation resolution is simple. It just requires the Comptroller General of the United States to present the financial report of the United States to a joint session of Congress on an annual basis. It allows lawmakers and the American public to receive the information in an accurate and timely manner within 45 days of when our country's audited financial statements are issued. Many members on the panel are already cosponsors.    Dr. Cochrane, you note in your testimony that every year the Congressional Budget Office declares our long-term promises are unsustainable. I hear it all the time as well. Yet, Congress continues to just kick the can down the road.    Do you agree that a Fiscal State of the Nation would better help all Members of Congress to understand the pressing financial issues facing our country?    Mr. Renacci. Sure. It is interesting, you used the word ``murky.'' I have been here 5\1/2\ years. I have tried to understand the 700, 800 pages of financial information presented. I have tried to get it simplified to a simple balance sheet so people could understand it. That has been a difficult charge after 5\1/2\ years. It is one of the reasons why I just want somebody to come and explain it all to Members of Congress, because I do think it is an important place.    You also said the rising interest rates on our debts would be less likely the canary in the coal mine but rather more like a looming earthquake. Can you explain that?    Mr. Renacci. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.