    Mr.  Ross. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Mr. Chairman, it is my understanding that this is the last meeting of this task force. Is that correct?    Mr.  Ross. It is my understanding this is the last meeting of this task force?    Mr.  Ross. And that is a shame, because I think the task force with you, Mr. Chairman, and with the ranking member has done a very diligent job objectively identifying some of the greatest threats that we see today in terrorism financing. And I would implore Chairman Hensarling to do more to keep this task force going.    Because what we have learned, I think, in the brief period this task force has been around is undisputed that Iran is the largest state sponsor of terrorism. And despite ongoing sanctions, they continue to finance terrorism activity throughout the world, that they are led by extremist clerics, who are committed to the destruction of Israel and Iran, and that if this Iranian deal goes through, the relief of at least $100 billion in sanctions would flow more money to terrorist groups throughout the world and make this world even less safe.    Ms. Rosenberg, you speak of allowing for other opportunities, if you will, when we are in an engagement of usual and customary financial transactions through the infrastructure of the financial services arena, for example, continued stronger anti-money laundering, increased sanctions. Those sound good. How do we go about implementing that? In other words, we are about ready to probably see the release of sanctions against what has been deemed to be the central bank of terrorism, Iran, and yet, we know that we have to do something so long as they are within the infrastructure, if you will, of financial services, and those would include further sanctions. What would you propose?    Mr.  Ross. And that has proven to be very effective too, the lifting of sanctions.    Mr.  Ross. Thank you. I appreciate that.    Mr. Modell, quickly, I know--and I will have you address that as well. But I think you had a point that I think is very important that we have to realize. And for those terrorist organizations out there that avail themselves of what we consider to be terrorist, traditional terrorist means, which don't use the infrastructure of the financial services arena, brute force is an element, and is it not an element that we have to consider as one of the tools if we are going to successfully combat the financing of terrorism throughout this world?    Mr.  Ross. I agree. And I think we have to realize that as an essential tool in our tool box in order to combat this. Really quickly, yesterday, 15 governors, one of which is my governor from the great State of Florida, sent a letter to the President essentially saying that the Iranian deal highlights concerns that lifting Federal sanctions would only result in Iran having more money available to fund terrorism. They quote the Acting Under Secretary of the Treasury for Terrorism and Financial Crimes as saying that he expects to continue to see Iran funding Hezbollah and its other violent terrorist proxies.    The States do have sanctions. These States do have sanctions against Iran. They don't want to be forced into it because this has been deemed not to be a treaty, and therefore, State law preempts right here, and they are not required to lift for their sanctions.    My concern is that if these 15 States don't lift their sanctions, which I support them not doing, are we going to see Iran then look at this deal and say, U.S., you have breached--you are in violation of this deal, because you haven't lifted all sanctions? Is that a viable consequence, which then could lead to Iran saying, ``Look, you breached the deal, U.S., all bets are off. It doesn't matter what you have done with the sanctions, because you have lifted them, but we are going to go forward with what you want to do?''    Mr. Modell, I will start with you.    Mr.  Ross. Thank you.    And I see my time has expired, Mr. Chairman. Thank you.