    Mr. Grothman. Thank you very much.    My first question is with regard to fraternal organizations, okay? Fraternal organizations, okay?    Mr. Grothman. Fraternal organizations, first of all, are a little bit different breed because they have certain requirements under the IRS code so they are, you know, kind of highly regulated by another agency. And for that, they also disproportionately, I think, take care of smaller investors, maybe a lot of the IRAs or under $25,000, which is just kind of a unique thing as well.    And I think the combination of the fact that they have their own rules under the IRS and that they have a lot of smaller investors are going to make this much more difficult for them to implement.    Have you had discussions with these fraternal organizations? And are you prepared to have further discussions and maybe make changes so that these large organizations which have so many investors in them, including myself, are continued to be able to thrive?    Mr. Grothman. Well, if you want, we can meet in my office. I mean, I think right now these large organizations with I am sure millions of investors and many employees are really jeopardized. And that is a problem you have whenever you have, you know, some massive new rule, some one-size-fits-all rule. Sometimes you have people who don't fit that rule.    And I am told and it makes sense to me that this would be devastating for these large organizations.    Now, do you plan on making further changes before this rule would be implemented or meeting with them again?    Mr. Grothman. Good. Good. That will be good.    Next quick question, and I am kind of jumping ahead here to the testimony of somebody that is going to be speaking later, it just kind of jumps out at me that apparently there is going to be a public database of compensation, total compensation given to employees of firms or that sort of thing. Is that true?    Mr. Grothman. Right. Just what kind of jumped out at me was, you know, if I am making $40,000 a year, if I am making $90,000 a year, if I am making $150,000 a year, all of a sudden, am I reading this right, that all of a sudden that is going to be public knowledge? I mean, maybe it should be. I am just saying it is kind of interesting.    Mr. Grothman. It says a website. No?    Mr. Grothman. Okay. Final question I have for you. People are permitted to earn reasonable compensation and nobody should be able to earn unreasonable compensation, of course, but who defines that and what is the definition of reasonable compensation?    Mr. Grothman. Sure. Well, I have two short questions, keep it short here.    The first one--and I had another committee hearing, so maybe I missed if you dealt with it, Mr. Harman.    I had a little discussion about an hour ago with the Secretary as to whether or not compensation paid to people was going to wind up on a public website. And I was citing your testimony here and it was our testimony. Yes, this testimony that it wouldn't be.    Could you comment on that? Or do you believe that under this rule, you know, kind of an interesting thing, that, say, if I worked for a brokerage firm or whatever, that someone can get on a website and see how much I am making?    Mr. Grothman. Okay, this is the deal.    Mr. Grothman. I asked a question before of the Secretary, and I asked a question off of your expected testimony. It appears to me in your testimony here that you are under the belief that if this rule goes into effect you will be able to get on a website and see how much individual people are making. If you want to look on page 18, the website must be in machine-readable format and include the direct and indirect compensation payable to the firm, each individual adviser and each individual affiliate of the firm for each asset available the last year.    Okay, which looks to me like if I am an employee of, you know, you name it, somebody can get on a website somewhere, has the chance to get on a website somewhere and see I made $40,000 last year, $140,000 last year, whatever I am making.    Now, the Secretary implied that is going to be confidential and the website is only for, I don't know, not public use.    But could you give me your opinion as to what is going on there?    Mr. Grothman. Okay. And when I read your testimony, I take it to mean if I am an agent for a captive industry or whatever, somebody can get on a website, and maybe that is fine, maybe we should all know what everybody else is making. It is just kind of an interesting thing, the proposal is, that I can get on a website and see that John Jones made X amount of dollars last year. Is that the way you read that?    Mr. Grothman. That is just an interesting thing.    Now, my other question will be for Dr. Reid and then we will let you guys be.    The administration claims that advice is costing $17 billion a year. Could you elaborate one more time as to how that figure is arrived at or whether you think it is accurate?    Mr. Grothman. Thank you.    I yield the rest of my time.