    Ms. Jackson Lee. Let me thank you very much, all of the witnesses. Whenever we have witnesses come, it's appropriate for Members of Congress to thank you because we know the sacrifice that you make to come.    Let me also say that this is the Judiciary Committee, and it is important for us to do fact finding but also to maintain and adhere to current stated statutory or court law that has set precedents for the actions that may be in place now. Obviously, as legislators, we have the right to make determinations.    Let me also say that I respect and appreciate the differences of opinion that are in this room and among those in this audience and on the panel as well.    I'm interested in the truth, but I am one who has known people and have lived through the back-alley abortions and seen so many people suffer and die because of choices that they intelligently wanted to make, desperately had to make, and did not have the adequate medical care consultation that was needed.    Let me thank you, doctor. Any time I see a doctor, I want to thank you for taking the oath and recognizing the need for good care. But I do want to go back to what this hearing is all about.    Are you representing--understanding you are under oath, are you representing that the video that you showed was a Planned Parenthood video?    Ms. Jackson Lee. I have a short period of time.    Ms. Jackson Lee. So you are not--that is not a Planned Parenthood video?    Ms. Jackson Lee. And I want to make clear that the hearing is ``Planned Parenthood Exposed: Examining Abortion Procedures and Medical Ethics at the Nation's Largest Abortion Provider.''    Ms. Jackson Lee. Let me pronounce it correctly. Are you a lawyer?    Ms. Jackson Lee. Are you trained in nonprofit law?    Ms. Jackson Lee. Would you then have a legal understanding of the rights and responsibilities of a nonprofit and what they are allowed to do?    Ms. Jackson Lee. But are you a lawyer that understands the law of nonprofits, 501(c)(3)?    Ms. Jackson Lee. But not from a legal perspective? So you would not be able to discern the appropriate response to Federal funding being used for Medicaid healthcare matters versus things that you have now become opposed to, which is your right to do? Not from a legal perspective.    Ms. Jackson Lee. Well, is that something that you are submitting into the record? Do you have some statements from the Medicaid women that were solicited?    Ms. Jackson Lee. Well, were you able to discern by the understanding of the bylaws of Planned Parenthood just what those requests might be? They have every right to engage--I'm not saying it's true--in a voluntary perspective. Let me move--in a voluntary request that someone voluntarily may desire to do.    But let me go to Ms. Fredrickson and set the tone for this particular hearing.    It has been said by Congressman Chaffetz, the Chairman of the Oversight Committee, among many hearings that Planned Parenthood did, if I might quote correctly from the hearing, ``violated no law.'' Is Roe v. Wade the law of the land?    Ms. Jackson Lee. Is that the right for women to choose?    Ms. Jackson Lee. It's no billboard pronouncement that we are promoting abortions. Is that the case? The law simply is on the Ninth Amendment, the right to privacy?    Ms. Jackson Lee. Not an advertisement and billboard for abortion; it is a right to privacy under the Ninth Amendment?    Ms. Jackson Lee. Let me also say that the political agenda that has been framed, many of you have seen, I'm not going to ask you that question, but I'd like to focus on your understanding, Ms. Fredrickson, of what Planned Parenthood does. Do they legitimately have health care for women?    Ms. Jackson Lee. Let me pursue another line of questioning. In order to make sure that we know that we have--Planned Parenthood, excuse me, has a medical structure, as I understand it, abortion care is included in medical training, clinical practice, and continued medical education. Studies show abortion has 99 percent safe record, but more importantly, the 57,000 members of the American Congress of Obstetricians and Gynecologists maintains the highest standards of clinical practice have indicated that that is the case, and that there's misinformation about how abortions today are handled versus, remember what I said, back alley and coat hanger. Are you familiar with that contrast of what women went through, what I say, 20, 30 years ago versus what they doing today?    Ms. Jackson Lee. Let me add the Fourth Amendment to my line of reasoning as well.    But let me just ask this question as I close: On this video, are you familiar with the name Mr.--I'm sorry. His name is Mr. Daleiden?    Ms. Jackson Lee. Yes. Do you realize that he has not publicly released the entire unedited video?    Ms. Jackson Lee. Do you realize that Mr. Daleiden has taken the Fifth Amendment, meaning not willing to come before any Committee?    Ms. Jackson Lee. And do you also understand that he stole the ID of a fellow classmate in high school who happened to be a feminist in order to portray the distorted political and biassed video?    Ms. Jackson Lee. If we are here--and I close Mr. Chairman, and I thank you for this. If we are here to find the facts, is it not factual that through all of the hearings we've not heard of any statement about Planned Parenthood in essence violating the law, Roe v. Wade, constitutional amendments, and the Bill of Rights? Have you heard that, Ms. Fredrickson?    Ms. Jackson Lee. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I yield back.    Ms. Jackson Lee. Aye.