    Ms. Ramirez. Thank you. Dr. Burgess, Ranking Member Schakowsky, and members of the subcommittee, I appreciate the opportunity to appear before you today to present the Federal Trade Commission's testimony on the 17 bills under consideration by the subcommittee. My fellow Commissioners and I appreciate the subcommittee's commitment to protecting both consumers and innovation.    As you know, the FTC is an independent and highly-effective bipartisan agency. We are the only agency with the jurisdiction to protect consumers and promote competition in most sectors of the economy.    As a civil law enforcer, we guard against business practices that are unfair or deceptive to consumers and we aim to do so without impeding legitimate business activity. We also enforce the antitrust laws to ensure a competitive marketplace in which law-abiding businesses can flourish.    In addition to our law enforcement, the FTC engages in extensive research and policy work. The FTC also educates consumers and businesses to encourage informed consumer choices, compliance with the law, and public understanding of the competitive process.    We are particularly committed to addressing the impact of technology and changing business practices as part of our law enforcement, policy, and education efforts. We work to enhance our understanding of how technology affects consumers and the functioning of the marketplace through research and engagement with consumer advocates, industry, academics, and other experts.    Over the last several years, we have also deepened our internal technical expertise. We hired our first Chief Technologist in 2010 and have continued to attract prominent experts to serve in that role. And last year we created the Office of Technology, Research, and Investigation to support our law enforcement efforts and explore cutting-edge technical and policy issues relating to big data, the internet of things, and other emerging technologies.    But, even as commerce and technology continue to evolve, many of the fundamental problems we see in the marketplace remain the same: fraudulent schemes, deceptive advertising, unfair practices, as well as mergers and conduct that harm or threaten to harm competition. The agency tackles these challenges through targeted law enforcement. Our structure, committed staff, and research capacity enable the FTC to meet its mandate of protecting consumers and competition in an ever-changing marketplace.    I appreciate the opportunity to comment on the 17 proposed bills before the subcommittee. While the Commission generally supports several of the bills, we believe that other measures may unintentionally hamper the FTC's ability to continue to fulfil its mission to protect consumers and competition. Our written testimony addresses each of the bills, but let me provide a brief overview.    House bills 5111, 5092, 4460, 4526, 5212, 5245, and 5104, if enacted, would identify and address specific acts or practices that Congress proposes to include in the Commission's consumer protection agenda. We generally share the subcommittee's goals in these areas. For example, to prevent companies from silencing truthful consumer reviews, to stop deceptive safety claims in the sale of sports equipment, to promote fairness and transparency in sale of concert tickets, and to prohibit online travel sites from deceiving consumers about their affiliations with hotels.    The Commission also shares the subcommittee's goal of facilitating deliberations and highlighting important agency work. To this end, H.R. 5116 would give a bipartisan majority of Commissioners another way to meet and deliberate, and portions of H.R. 5098 would require an annual report to Congress on the important problem of elder fraud.    As to several other bills, specifically H.R. 5093, 5097, 5109, 5118, 5136, 5115, and the remaining portions of 5098, we do have certain concerns. We recognize and support the objectives of these bills, the avoidance of undue burdens on business, transparency of agency operations and its application of the law, and assurance that agency actions are based on sound analysis and evidence.    But the agency already has a variety of processes in place to advance these important values. As explained in our written statement, we are concerned that the measures could have unintended consequences for our work and, ultimately, for consumers.    Finally, House bills 5239 and 5255 would repeal the common carrier and nonprofit exemptions to the FTC Act. The Commission supports these measures which would allow us to protect consumers and competition more broadly and to ensure the consistent application of laws across economic sectors.    In closing, I want to reiterate that we are committed to finding ways to enhance our effectiveness, anticipate and respond to changes in the marketplace, and meet current and future challenges.    Thank you very much.    Ms. Ramirez. Congressman, thank you for your question. This is an issue that is of concern to us in connection with the case that you mentioned, Roca Labs. That case involved deceptive advertising with regard to weight-loss products, but the company also threatened lawsuits against consumers who wrote negative reviews in connection with those products.    We believe that it is important for consumers to have access to truthful information, and we believe that the bill that you are cosponsoring would, in fact, permit that. We can't address these kinds of issues individually as effectively as legislation like the kind that you are sponsoring. So, we see this as something that would be beneficial.    Ms. Ramirez. This was a settlement that was reached by the Commission and it did address this issue of non-disparagement clauses that we believe have the effect of impeding accurate and truthful information about products.    Ms. Ramirez. What could happen is that there might be a non-disparagement clause that is included as a term in a contract that consumers may potentially not be aware of. In any event, it does impede the ability of consumers to provide useful reviews online. We think that that is an important avenue for consumers to be aware of reviews of products, and we promote the need for consumers to have access to truthful and accurate information, regardless of whether it is a negative review, so long as it is truthful.    Ms. Ramirez. That certainly could be a scenario that we might encounter, yes.    Ms. Ramirez. Thank you, Ranking Member.    I would highlight at least two concerns. One is that we are already quite transparent about the priorities and work that the agency undertakes. I mean, I will just offer you just a few examples of that. That includes the fact that we include our priorities and plans for the upcoming year in connection with our congressional budget justification. We also go through a strategic planning process that we are required to do at the outset of every administration. We last published a strategic plan, a 5-year plan, back in 2014 covering the years 2014 through 2018.    Also, in connection with our regulatory matters, we on annual basis publish upcoming rule reviews or rulemakings that we are undertaking. That is apart from the significant communication that we have on our Web site where we list upcoming events. Our law enforcement actions, of course, are confidential, but when we do take enforcement action, we absolutely publicize those.    So, No. 1, I believe that we are fully transparent when it comes to our priorities and upcoming plans. And secondly, I worry about the added burden that would be placed on the agency doing more than we already do with existing reporting requirements.    Ms. Ramirez. I completely concur. We, for instance, hold a number of workshops over the course of a year. Oftentimes, we may not know in December what all of the workshops that we may be hosting the following year. We want to be flexible. We want to make sure that we stay on top of emerging trends, and we want to have the flexibility to decide on those going forward. I think the more burdened that we are with reporting requirements, we may feel compelled to stick to a particular framework that has been set out when, in fact, it is more important for the agency to remain nimble and flexible.    Ms. Ramirez. It is not uncommon for an investigation to take longer than 6 months. A lot of the investigations that we handle are complex. The competition investigations that we handle are certainly difficult and complex and do require time.    Let me note that there is regular communication as a general practice with companies that are under investigation. So, any concern about there being a company who may not know the status of an investigation, we generally endeavor to stay in contact with them.    I think that it would be a very severe consequence that would penalize consumers if the measure that you note were to pass. To automatically terminate an investigation for failure to communicate with a company would, in my mind, be far too severe and really would undermine our ability to protect consumers. There could easily be an oversight where there might not be communication, and in my mind, it is a disproportionate consequence, a failure to communicate.    Let me also just note that we already have processes in place. We have a rule that requires any company that is subject to an obligation to preserve materials, if there has not been any communication with the agency over the course of one year, that duty to maintain information expires.    So, we already have rules in place to ensure that there is regular contact with companies that are under investigation, but I think it would unduly harm consumers if this measure were to be adopted.    Ms. Ramirez. Generally supportive of this measure. So, thank you for sponsoring it. We share the concerns that you have about the use of software in connection with the sale of online tickets.    In connection with this bill, we would only have just a couple of comments to ensure that the bill only prohibits unlawful activity and doesn't unintentionally ensnare legitimate activity. And that would be to make sure that it doesn't punish general purpose software and only software that is designed for the activities that you note.    We would also suggest that the bill clarify that consumers could be permitted to resell tickets. Again, our goal would simply be to make sure that only unlawful activity is captured by the bill. But generally, we are supportive and share the concerns that you have articulated.    Ms. Ramirez. We take all complaints. People who have been afflicted and victimized by unlawful activity can report complaints to us online or also via telephone. This is an area that we are concerned about, and I think this measure would allow us to be even more active in an area that we certainly do care about.    Ms. Ramirez. We have our enforcement tools available to us. I mentioned in my earlier comments a case, Roca Labs, in which we encountered this issue. It was a weight-loss case where the company was making deceptive weight-loss claims.    But, as part of that, they have included terms and conditions that included a non-disparagement clause, and the company was threatening to sue consumers who had included negative reviews about this what we alleged was a bogus product.    So, we do have law enforcement tools. We can go case by case, on a case-by-case basis, in an effort to address this issue. I think legislation would enhance our ability to tackle these types of non-disparagement clauses.    Ms. Ramirez. I think it would be beneficial for us to have the additional authority under this measure, yes.    Ms. Ramirez. Sure. This is a standard that the agency has been applying for some time now. It is derived from research that the agency has done to understand how consumers interpret made-in-the-USA claims. And so, based on this understanding of the net impression that consumers take away from those types of claims, we have determined that a product, in order to make an unconditional, unqualified made-in-the-USA claim, that the product in question must be all or virtually all, it should all be made in the USA, in the U.S., rather.    So, as a result, we have been quite active in this area. This particular measure that would apply a consistent federal standard we think would be beneficial. The one comment that I would make here is that I believe that state enforcement is an important complement to the tools that the agency has used in this area. So, that would be something that we would encourage.    Ms. Ramirez. My principal concern here, as in a number of other areas, is that I find state enforcement to be beneficial. I think it would be very unfortunate if we were to lose state activity when it comes to enforcing claims, made-in-the-USA claims. So, in my mind, it is something that I would urge the members of the committee to consider adding ``state''. That is my primary concern.    Ms. Ramirez. The Commission hasn't taken a position on a private right of action. I think my main concern would be ensuring that there is enforcement by state law enforcers.    Ms. Ramirez. Again, I do. I believe that, as an agency, we have limited resources. We do our best to tackle deceptive claims in this area, but I believe that it is important to have other enforcers in the space. In my mind, state attorney general offices have done tremendous work in this and other areas. So, I view, as a general matter and here as well, state enforcement to be important.    Ms. Ramirez. As a Commission, we haven't explored the dangers of different standards. I think we are generally supportive of the measure applying what we believe is a robust standard that the FTC applies. My only comment here would be, again, the focus that we not lose state enforcement. So, we haven't opined. I am not an expert in all of the various state standards. I can certainly see the benefits of having one federal standard. I think the standard that we employ is a robust one that does adequately protect consumers. So, as a result, we are generally supportive of this measure.    Ms. Ramirez. I think there are benefits to having a consistent standard. Again, my principal concern would be to ensure that states continue to play an active role in this area. They have done, I think, a good job, and I think it is always important to have complementary law enforcement.    Ms. Ramirez. That is right.    Ms. Ramirez. Generally, in support of there being a single standard that applies the FTC standard, yes.    Ms. Ramirez. Again, I can see there would be benefits to having one standard. So, generally supportive of your measure.    Ms. Ramirez. Absolutely, we are.    Ms. Ramirez. Yes, happy to. There are Bureau of Economics supports all over the work that the agency undertakes. So, there is no Commission action without the input of our Bureau of Economics. So, already, they are involved in review, our enforcement work, our policy work. They play a very active role. Economic thinking is an important issue that we want to take into account as we consider any of the work that the agency undertakes.    We are both a competition agency as well as a consumer protection agency. So, we are always mindful of the signals that we are sending to the marketplace, and we want to encourage companies to protect consumers and to----    Ms. Ramirez. Yes.    Ms. Ramirez. So, my concern about this particular bill is that it would, frankly, impede our ability to comment on a number of actions, legislative actions at both the federal and state level, as well as regulatory actions by other agencies.    We frequently provide our thinking, including our economic thinking, on proposed action by Congress and other policymakers. However, what the bill calls for is a comprehensive cost/benefit analysis that we may not be in a position to undertake.    No. 1, our expertise is limited to competition and consumer protection. So, oftentimes, we will comment on a proposed bill that may have other impacts, including health and safety. We will not comment on those, but we will simply comment and ask policymakers to consider the competition or consumer protection aspects of those bills.    If we are required to undertake a comprehensive cost/benefit analysis, we would be impeded from commenting on those types of bills. Even beyond that, the types of resources that it would take for us to do a type of cost/benefit analysis of the kind required by the measure would really impede our ability to comment on a number of things. So, I think the measure unintentionally would hinder our ability to provide very useful comments, and I don't believe that that is the intent.    Ms. Ramirez. I think it would dramatically limit our ability to do that because we would not have the ability to undertake a full cost/benefit analysis. And, also, it would dramatically even limit the types of bills on which we could comment, again, if they implicate areas of expertise that are beyond competition and beyond consumer protection, we would feel that we could not opine on the impacts on that side of the equation. So, I am very concerned about this, and I think, again, that it does not accomplish its intended objective.    Ms. Ramirez. We would be severely hampered in our ability to provide useful comments by this measure, yes.    Ms. Ramirez. We provide both formal comments as well as informal comments to a host of policymakers, including state legislators, sister federal agencies. So, this would really impede our ability to provide, I think, very useful observations that the agency can convey.    Ms. Ramirez. I can certainly understand the aim of the Sunshine Act to ensure transparency in government. There are moments when I agree that the Sunshine Act does create problems. Certainly, in our situation right now where we have three Commissioners, I can no longer speak with another one of my fellow Commissioners without implicating in certain circumstances the Sunshine Act.    I appreciate your measure, Congressman, that would add another way for us to deal with the Sunshine Act and allow us to deliberate. There are constraints. At the same time, we are moving forward and we are complying with the Sunshine Act and believe that we can still certainly fulfill our duties.    Ms. Ramirez. No. Again, I think right now, given our current composition and the fact that we do have two vacancies, it has made it more challenging. What it means is that we now have to notice meetings in advance. I used to be able to pick up the phone and speak to at least one other fellow Commissioner. We now have to notice that.    Again, we are certainly working within the confines and meeting our obligations under the Sunshine Act, but there are challenges that it presents.    Ms. Ramirez. It has made it more challenging. Again, we are working again in compliance with our obligations.    Mr. Rush. I want to thank you, Mr. Chairman, and I want to thank Chairman Ramirez for her appearance today.    Chairwoman Ramirez, currently, the FTC Act applies only to companies ``organized to carry on business for its own profit or that of its members,'' which means that the FTC cannot protect consumers from nonprofit companies that committee unfair or deceptive acts.    I introduced H.R. 5255, which would amend the FTC Act to give the FTC authority to cover nonprofits. If a company kind of runs afoul of the FTC Act, consumers, in my opinion, must be protected, even if that company is a nonprofit.    Chairwoman Ramirez, in your written testimony, you discuss how H.R. 5255 would allow the FTC to pursue enforcement of deceptive data security and privacy practices at not-for-profits that have been involved with data breaches. I just want you to take this one sliver of what H.R. 5255 is aimed at, and could you please expand on the importance of this authority specifically as it relates to better security and privacy practices?    Ms. Ramirez. Absolutely. This is a gap that I have serious concerns about. The fact is that a lot of nonprofits, including hospitals and universities, hold a significant amount of consumer information, personal information, that needs to be protected. And we simply don't have the ability to reach nonprofits. There are a few exemptions, but for the most part it is a gap that I think we ought to close in order to provide more complete consumer protection. So, I think it is an incredibly important area. The data security side, it is crucial, but it also impacts us in a number of other areas, including, frankly, in connection with our competition work, where we can't reach certain nonprofit hospitals, for instance.    Mr. Rush. Shifting to the unfair or deceptive acts and practices, what are some cases that the FTC could bring if it were able to bring cases against nonprofits that are committing unfair and/or deceptive acts or practices?    Ms. Ramirez. Well, you cited an important area, which is the data security/privacy arena. Another area that we do often find that certain charities who avail themselves of nonprofit status do engage in fraudulent or deceptive conduct, we can reach that kind of conduct if we can establish that the entity is, in fact, a sham nonprofit. But sometimes it can be difficult to establish that, and this measure would close, I think, an important gap and allow us to be more fulsome in our protection.    Mr. Rush. Can you expound a little on if the authority at FTC were expanded to cover not-for-profits? Tell us a little bit more about how it would protect consumers.    Ms. Ramirez. Again, the examples that you offered are significant to me. Data security is one of the most significant issues that we face as a nation. And so, being able to reach conduct by just universities, for example, or hospitals I think is deeply important. Fraud in connection with charitable organizations is another significant area that is of concern to us. And while we have had some limited activity, where the facts have warranted it and where we are able to establish that a supposedly nonprofit organization is, in fact, one of the top-rating for-profits, we can reach that conduct.    The case of hospital mergers is another example where we would benefit from having jurisdiction over nonprofits. Because of the current jurisdictional limitation, those matters have to go to the Department of Justice for handling, even though we have significant expertise when it comes to ensuring that healthcare provider consolidation isn't anti-competitive. So, I think those are just three different examples of ways that it would be very beneficial for us to have jurisdiction over nonprofits.    Ms. Ramirez. I have at least two concerns in connection with this measure, Congressman. The first is that companies, as you can imagine, would much rather that we not do anything that could risk identifying that they were the subject of an investigation if we determine that it is appropriate the close the investigation without any enforcement action.    One concern that we have is that being required to identify and explain the basis for not taking action and being sector-specific does risk, as you lay out particular facts, does risk the potential that companies, one could make an inference about the identity of companies. So, in my mind, that is a very substantial risk that I think companies would much rather avoid.    Another significant concern that I have here has to do with burden. I think it is important for the agency to be able to, in a very nimble and flexible way, be able to close investigations. Just to give you a sense of the volume of work that we do, in the last year we completed approximately 250 investigations, many of which did not, in fact, result in any type of formal enforcement action.    So, the burden, also, that would be entailed would be very significant. When it comes to providing guidance, we really do endeavor to provide guidance to companies about ways that they can stay on the right side of the law. In my mind, this measure would not accomplish, I think, its intended objectives.    Ms. Ramirez. I would still be concerned about this measure in all candor. I think in order to describe a basis for not taking action, I think one would have to describe certain facts that, again, raises the same risk of potentially identifying a company. So, I think that concern would persist.    Again, I think in my conversations with companies and our interactions with them, they would much prefer the ability of the agency to much more nimbly close the investigation. I will note that, when we think it is important for us to convey information about the closing of an investigation, we do have closing letters that are posted to our Web site. Last year we had approximately 40 closing letters, to give you an example. So, sometimes we might encounter a particular business practice that we feel, while it did not rise to a violation, we think it would be useful to notify industry about the concerns and, then, also just explain why we decided not to take action. So, we certainly do do that when it is appropriate. But I think to require that that be done in every single instance when the agency closes an investigation would place an undue burden and would not achieve----    Ms. Ramirez. We do communicate with companies, but it is not necessarily in written form. And when we do have a formal closing letter, those are posted to the Web site. Again, in our experience, companies really would prefer to maintain our current practice. I have not heard complaints, any significant complaints, about this area.    Ms. Ramirez. What we do when we apply our unfairness authority is to apply that three-pronged test under Section 5(n) of the FTC Act. We have used that standard now for many years, since the 1980s. I think that it provides a very solid framework for analysis in which we focus on whether or not there is likely substantial harm to consumers, whether consumers can reasonably avoid that harm, and then, also, calls for us to also weigh potential benefits to either competition or to consumers from the practice that we are examining.    So, in my mind, that standard has provided a solid analytical framework and the cases in which we have applied our unfairness authority are ones that we have looked at very seriously and very carefully. And so, we generally don't simply look to general public policy considerations, although that may be a factor that is examined. But I think that we have applied its authority in a very careful and serious way.    Ms. Ramirez. My worry is that it would create uncertainty when it comes to applying our unfairness authority, and I have a couple of concerns, in particular. One is that it could operate to prevent the agency from taking action when harm has yet to happen, but could happen in the future.    And let me just give you a very simple example that is cited in the unfairness statement itself that the agency issued back in the 1980s. There we had a case, and the Commission cited it, the Philip Morris case which involved a defendant that distributed free samples of razor blades in a way that could potentially cause danger, particularly if small children opened a package, as you can imagine.    My worry is that, in that kind of an instance because the harms happens in the future, that kind of situation and others could potentially be hampered. And I think the current framework operates well, and I worry about creating uncertainty. And that is just one example of the concerns I have about this particular measure.    Ms. Ramirez. Guidance is an administrative interpretation, of the law. It is not the law. And we, in order to bring an enforcement action, always have to show, and to prevail, we need to show that there has been a violation of the law.    My concern with that particular measure is that, on the one hand, it allows companies to be able to rely on guidance as a safe harbor, but at the same time reinforces this idea that guidance is not the law. So, in my mind, the existing law is the right approach to take. Companies can certainly point to guidance and argue that they have fully complied with the law, but does not provide for a safe harbor, which I think, in my mind, could raise concerns. It could also lead the agency, frankly, to provide less guidance than we currently do, for fear that a company that we believe has engaged in unlawful activity could on a post-hoc basis cling to a statement that is made in some form of guidance.    Another question that this particular measure raises is how one actually defines guidance.    Ms. Ramirez. There is a multitude of work product that is out there that we put out, whether it is in business education, blogs, as well as more formal forms of guidance that we put out.    Ms. Ramirez. Absolutely. I mean, we certainly have found that outreach is an incredibly important tool in order to make sure that consumers have information available to them, so that they can avoid becoming victims. The Pass It On Campaign is one of our incredibly successful campaigns.    One thing that inspired us to go in that direction was the fact that we learned that consumers, in particular older consumers, don't like to be told what to do or what not to do. And what this campaign taught us is that, if we can pass information, if we get information to consumers and ask them to pass that information on to their friends and family, consumers tend to be, all of us tend to be more receptive to receiving that information and passing it on to others, as opposed to being dictated to. So, that campaign has proven very effective.    I agree with you that making sure that we address the needs of older Americans is incredibly important. So, in addition to the law enforcement efforts that we undertake, we are very much engaged when it comes to outreach and education.    Ms. Ramirez. So, when it comes to rulemakings, actually, twice a year we publish a chart of information about all upcoming rulemakings. What we aren't obligated to do is that we aren't required to identify specific workshops that we may decide to do over the course of an ensuing year. I think that that is a good thing not to be required to do that because it gives us a lot of flexibility to undertake workshops and participate in other forums that address issues that we may not have thought about, that we see as emerging trends that need to be addressed.    At the same time, I think the proposed measure to provide additional information about the work that we do in connection with protecting older Americans, that is something that we would be happy to provide information about. So, we are happy to do that. But my worry is on being forced to identify, for instance, workshops. I think it might have the unintended consequence of eliminating the flexibility that we currently have.    Ms. Ramirez. We do. It is an agencywide endeavor, and we are consistently engaging with industry, with consumer advocates, with academics and other experts. Technology is an area where we want to make sure that we stay current. So, when we develop ideas for workshops, we will also not only make a decision about a particular workshop, but we will also announce it oftentimes months in advance and solicit input from experts and other stakeholders to get their views about what topics we ought to cover within the scope of a particular workshop.    So, we really do endeavor to provide a balanced approach to the topics that we cover. Our aim with our workshops is to learn, and we take that very seriously. So, we come at it with an open mind and really do solicit a lot of input before we proceed with an agenda.    Ms. Ramirez. Sure. The common carrier exception to the FTC Act is an exception that was part of our original statute back in 1914. It does not allow the agency to take action with regard to common carriers. One example of that would be carriers that provide voice service. Today, in light of the FTC's reclassification of broadband service as a common carrier service, that also means that today we cannot take action against internet service providers.    So, this is an area where another example where we at the Commission feel that it creates a gap in our jurisdiction that ought to be addressed. This particular exception is one that is quite antiquated, that in our view no longer makes sense in today's environment, where there has been significant deregulation and where the roles that common carrier services play in today's environment, that no longer makes sense. And so, it is something that we would like to see eliminated.    Ms. Ramirez. Well, it doesn't allow us to take action. Let me give you one example. We have brought actions involving data throttling where a carrier that is providing internet service will reduce the speeds, will set certain thresholds for consumers, and if they go beyond a particular threshold, reduce their internet speed, which basically would hamper the ability of a consumer to download certain information without having to wait endlessly.    By example, we have litigation that is pending against AT&T involving what we consider to be deceptive data-throttling practices in light of the FTC's reclassification of broadband service as a common carrier. That would be a type of action that we would no longer be able to bring prospectively. So, that is just, generally speaking, an example.    Ms. Ramirez. Generally speaking, there are various remedial tools that we have. One is an injunction relief in order to put a stop to unlawful activity. What we also try to do is to obtain consumer redress, which would be to put money back in the hands of consumers who have been defrauded, who have, for instance, paid a particular premium as a result of deceptive conduct. So, one of our significant aims is to get money back in the hands of consumers who have been victimized.    Ms. Ramirez. I think that the FCC has a different congressional mandate. We are, first and foremost, a law enforcement agency. The FCC, for instance, has an ability to get civil penalties. We have also brought enforcement actions in cooperation with the FCC.    We had two actions that I will mention, AT&T and T-Mobile, involving the practice of what is known as cramming, where unauthorized charges are placed on a consumer's cell phone bill. And in connection with that, our principal aim was to get money back in the hands of consumers. The FCC obtained civil penalties.    So, I think there are different congressional sets of objectives and different mandates. Ours is to primarily seek redress and put a stop to unlawful conduct.    Ms. Ramirez. Absolutely. We have cooperated in a number of areas over the years, including the area of telemarketing. So, yes, there has been significant cooperation, and we have a history of cooperating not only with the FCC, but with a number of other agencies. We share, for example, competition jurisdiction with the Department of Justice. We have a long history of being able to work effectively with other agencies.    Ms. Ramirez. First of all, I think the current standard that has been codified works well, as I noted earlier. Secondly, my concern is that, by codifying certain pieces of what is in the unfairness statement, leads to a certain emphasis that I worry would ultimately impede our ability to effectively protect consumers.    If you look at the track record that we have in applying our unfairness standard, I think that we have applied it in a very even-handed way. We always look very carefully and ensure that the three prongs of the standard are met, and the key issue is always looking to protect consumers against substantial injury. But we undertake a cost/benefit analysis.    Ms. Ramirez. My concern is that, in that effort to clarify, I think it has the potential to create uncertainty that could limit us.    Ms. Ramirez. I wouldn't say that we are working perfectly, but I would say----    Ms. Ramirez. But I would say that we are working effectively. And my concern is----    Ms. Ramirez. With all due respect, I believe and I would ask, what problem has been identified in connection with our application of the unfairness standard? My serious concern is that, while I understand the effort to clarify, my worry is that it creates greater uncertainty----    Ms. Ramirez . More litigation that ultimately I think will consume agency resources, and not to the benefit of consumers. So, that is my----    Ms. Ramirez. Again, I appreciate the effort. My worry is that this will lead to uncertainty that could impede our ability to be effective when----    Ms. Ramirez. I think it has the potential to create difficulties for the agency when we seek to prevent/correct wrong.    Ms. Ramirez. I have already noted that. I believe that by expressing a concern about speculative harm, it has the potential to lead to a situation where it might make it difficult for us to prevent----    Ms. Ramirez . Prevent future harm by creating uncertainty about how that applies.    Let me also give you another example, if I may.    Ms. Ramirez. I also think that it elevates, in doing the cost/benefit analysis of the third prong, to use a shorthand, I think that it elevates the impact that our efforts might have on consumers who are not injured, to the detriment of those who might be injured.    Ms. Ramirez. Yes, my concern is that the requirement that a comprehensive cost/benefit analysis be conducted prior to the agency providing any form of comments on legislative action, for instance, that would be my main concern, that it would be resource-prohibitive and would impede our ability to provide very useful comments to policymakers.    Ms. Ramirez. I can give you our budget as a whole is approximately $300 million.    Ms. Ramirez. I would have to give you that information. I don't have a specific figure. But what I can tell you is that my economists have very serious concerns about this proposal because our resources, as you can imagine, are limited.    Ms. Ramirez. We have approximately 80 economists.    Ms. Ramirez. Well, sitting here right now, I couldn't answer that question. But let me also just note a related concern, which is that, by requiring that there be a full and comprehensive cost/benefit analysis, we would also be inhibited from commenting on a matter that would be outside of our expertise. So, for instance, we may comment on a particular legislation that may have health and safety implications, but we will comment and note and ask policymakers to take into account the competitive impact in that situation because we don't have expertise when it comes to health and safety, for instance. So, we comment a lot in connection with scope of practice in the healthcare sector, by way of example.    We are not equipped to comment on health and safety pieces of the equation. But this measure, again, while I think it has a good intention, would impede our ability to provide any comment there because we would not be able to assess the health and safety part of the equation. That would be a related concern.    Ms. Ramirez. Yes. These are----    Ms. Ramirez. Ultimately, it is the responsibility of the Commission to decide what action they----    Ms. Ramirez. Because, in my mind, we get input from various parts of our agency. We take economic thinking into account. But, ultimately, the people who are accountable, it would be myself and my fellow Commissioners. And it is up to us, taking into account the recommendations made by our staff. With all due respect to them, ultimately, we are the ones to be held accountable. And what we, then, do, any action that we take, then, becomes public.    Ms. Ramirez. I think that may be a relevant consideration, and we certainly would take that into account. My concern is that it not be a safe harbor.    Ms. Ramirez. Again, I think it would be a relevant consideration, certainly something that we would consider relevant. But my worry is that that would be tantamount to creating a safe harbor for post-hoc reliance on guidance.    Ms. Ramirez. We certainly are aware of this concern, and I have certainly engaged with the online travel industry to address this. I can't give you any specific numbers, and I can try to get you additional information following the hear.    But what I can tell you is that this is certainly a concern, and we would certainly want consumers to be able to access hotel reservations free of deception. I think that this particular measure does have benefits. One concern that I would have is that we would want to make sure that legitimate businesses that are not deceiving consumers are not captured by the measure. And so, one suggestion we have is that, rather than imposing disclosure requirements, that there be a prohibition on misrepresentations. But, generally speaking, it is a concern that I certainly share and would be happy to continue to work with you and the members of the subcommittee.    Ms. Ramirez. It is, generally, we are supportive of the measure.    Ms. Ramirez. However, we think that, rather than specifying particular disclosures, that a better way to tackle the problem would be to prohibit misrepresentations. Again, I think getting to your point that a fraudulent site may not comply with law, in our mind, it would be better to bar misrepresentations. It also would not place undue burden on legitimate sites.    Ms. Ramirez. I think the objective is the same. Our preference would just simply be to word it differently and bar misrepresentations rather than seeking to specify disclosures.    Ms. Ramirez. We do. I can't comment on any specific investigation, but it is an issue that I, personally, have met with----    Ms. Ramirez. It is a matter that we are looking into and are aware of. That is all I can say----    Ms. Ramirez. It is an issue that we are looking at. I can tell you that.    Ms. Ramirez. I can tell you that.    Ms. Ramirez. Yes.    Ms. Ramirez. Generally speaking, our primary remedial tool is an injunction. So, a consent decree will oftentimes prohibit the unlawful conduct that we were targeting. The consent decree may also include monetary provisions. Other provisions that also are typical of our consent decrees would be recordkeeping requirements, so that that would allow us to ensure that a company is, in fact, complying with our order.    Ms. Ramirez. Federal court orders are indefinite. An injunction that would be in place, put in place by a federal district court would be indefinite. Under our administrative process, an administrative consent order would be generally in place for 20 years, although the Commission certainly does have flexibility to modify that and impose a different timeframe.    Ms. Ramirez. Most of them are for 20 years, but we have modified that timeframe in certain instances. So, to give you a couple of examples, we have certain data security cases where we imposed a requirement that there be data security audits. I can cite to you two examples of the Twitter case and the investor case. There the requirements of a data security audit lasts only 10 years rather than 20.    Ms. Ramirez. Dr. Burgess, in all candor, we don't keep track. I couldn't tell you, sitting here right now, what the typical approach is by other agencies.    Ms. Ramirez. I can't speak to that. What I can tell you is that I think that what the agency does or what the Federal Trade Commission does is appropriate, and it is an important tool. Our consent decrees are an important tool to ensure that consumers are protected. An injunction tends to be our primary remedial tool that we use. We don't have the authority to impose civil penalties, and a good number, most of our cases don't entail any form of consumer redress or other monetary relief. And so, I think it is important as a matter of deterrence to be able to have a tool that can be long lasting and that protects consumers.    Ms. Ramirez. Sure. We do tailor consent decrees to the particular facts. And so, just by way of example, an order in connection with a settlement in a competition matter would require a divestiture, and in that context the requirements of the order would only last so long as it would take to effectuate divestiture. So, they do vary because of the different set of circumstances.    Ms. Ramirez. Certainly not, Dr. Burgess. The aim and the predominant form of our injunctions is to prohibit violations of law. So, there are a number of companies that continue to innovate. This includes Google, Facebook, Apple. They continue to innovate. They are operating just fine under our orders. I think our orders are tailored to the particular circumstances of a case, tailored to address the consumer harm that we have identified. And I think that we do a good job of ensuring that.    Let me also just note that we also have flexibility to modify and even terminate an order. So, a company, if it finds that there are changed conditions, can always come to us and make a request to modify or even terminate an order.     Mr. Burgess. I have some questions, and in the interest of time, I am going to submit those questions for the record in writing.    Seeing no further members wishing to ask questions, I do want to thank the Chairwoman for being here, for answering our questions, and being our witness today.    This will conclude the first panel, and the committee will take a brief recess while we assemble for the second panel.    