    Mr. Genn. Thank you, Chairman Burgess, Ranking Member Schakowsky, members of the subcommittee. Thank you for allowing me to testify in support of H.R. 5104, the BOTS Act.    I am testifying today on behalf of the Maryland Sports and Entertainment Industry Coalition, a coalition of diverse players in the live entertainment business, including professional sports teams, large and small musical and theatrical venues, and providers of live entertainment shows.    The sports and entertainment industry is a huge source of pride in Maryland, and hundreds of millions of dollars have been invested in venues, sporting events, concerts, and other live productions in the State, significantly contributing to the employment of thousands of Maryland residents.    Our coalition brings some experience to your debate, as we were instrumental in recently enacting legislation in Maryland similar to the BOTS Act. While we are grateful to our state legislatures for enacting that legislation, we recognize the limits of its effectiveness.    The underground industry that uses BOTS to hack ticketing Web sites is clearly an interstate business. Interstate commerce transactions require federal solutions, and H.R. 5104 is a substantial solution to the problem of ticket bots.    As you know, for most live entertainment events, there is a restriction on the number of seats one purchaser can buy, usually in the four-to-eight-ticket range. It is often the case that during the opening minutes of the on sale for a championship game or a premier entertainment show the Web site of the ticketing agent is overwhelmed by hundreds or thousands of requests for tickets placed by computer programs pretending to be real fans.    These bots, as they are called, seize up substantial portions of the ticket inventory. Their software is sophisticated enough to recognize which tickets are the best tickets that wills fetch the highest resale price on the secondary market. Once the botsters have the tickets they want, they release the others back into the on-sale pool.    When people use bots to violate the terms and conditions of ticketing Web sites to buy up large blocks of tickets and resell them at a markup on the secondary market, they are effectively stealing that investment. H.R. 5104 at least provides a clear civil remedy for this abuse. The bipartisan, pro-consumer BOTS Act would create a dual enforcement mechanism to stop that theft. It would make it an unfair and deceptive practice to use a bot to hack a ticketing Web site and allow the FTC to enforce against people who do. It would also create a private right of action by which any affected party, an artist team, an agent, a fan could sue a botster under a clear federal standard and recover damages.    Bruce Springsteen, Paul McCartney, Taylor Swift, and others don't come to Washington, D.C., every year or your congressional districts. It is unfair to the younger fans who have discovered these legends to have to pay exorbitant prices to secondary ticket sellers when they are also concerned about their first job salary, saving for college, even paying off student loans, and other life expenses.    We are hopeful that the dual threat of FTC enforcement and private litigation will serve as a deterrent against people who use bots and help restore the ability of real fans to get good tickets at face value.    This hearing is also examining legislation that more extensively regulates the primary ticketing market, requiring inventory disclosures of proprietary business information and prohibiting restrictions on resale of tickets. Many states have looked at adopting such policies, and nearly all of them have rejected them. Legislators realize that these bills, while well-intentioned, would only empower scalpers at the expense of real fans.    In recent years, Maryland considered and rejected legislation that would prohibit restrictions on the resale of tickets from the primary ticket-seller. One of those restrictive provisions would have prohibited making tickets non-transferrable. This is similar to what is in Congressman Pascrell's draft on page 5, lines 12 through 15.    Think of all the times when you may have attended an event with the Speaker of the House, the Cabinet officials, or even the President. One of the reasons these tickets are non-transferrable is because of security. Taking away the right of the primary ticket-seller to restrict tickets could lead to anyone getting those tickets on the secondary market. In such a case, it would be a very bad policy for obvious security reasons.    I hope Congress will enact H.R. 5104, the BOTS Act, and refrain from adding controversial and burdensome measures to regulate the primary ticketing marketplace.    Once again, thank you, Congressmen Blackburn and Tonko for sponsoring and the cosponsors for introducing this legislation.    I look forward to your questions.    Mr. Genn. Mr. Chairman, thank you for the question.    Because of interstate issues. Or I will give you a good example. I contacted the Consumer Affairs Division of our attorney general in Maryland yesterday and I said, ``What complaints have you received since we passed the BOTS Act?'' And they said, ``We have received a raft of complaints about the Bruce Springsteen concert being held at Nats Park September 1st, and we cannot do anything because the people complained.'' They said they went online, just all the testimony you heard. It wasn't accessible. A couple of hours later, it was on the secondary market.    The Maryland attorney general said, ``Well, I can take the complaint, but it is jurisdictional issues. This is out of D.C. I don't have jurisdiction to act.'' And that is exactly why H.R. 5104 is a necessary remedy to deal with this at the federal level.