    Ms. VELAZQUEZ. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Reducing the cost of regulations is an important issue for small businesses. Complicated rules and duplicative requirements can create burdens for small firms across a wide range of industries. Unchecked regulations can over time become out of date requiring companies to devote significant resources to compliance. This hurts their bottom line and their ability to hire new employees. For these very reasons, Congress enacted the Regulatory Flexibility Act in 1980. At its core, the act requires agencies to assess the impact of their regulations on small businesses. A panel process was also added in 1996 requiring the EPA and OSHA to hear directly from small businesses on the most potentially burdensome rules. CFPB was brought into the panel process in 2010 under the Dodd-Frank Act. Overall, the result of the Regulatory Flexibility Act has been impressive.    Since 1998, through its enforcement of the Act, the SBA's Office of Advocacy has reduced the burden of Federal rules on small businesses by almost $130 billion. The Regulatory Flexibility Act is making a real difference for entrepreneurs across the country. President Obama has built on this and taken further actions in this area. He has issued several broad-based executive orders on rulemaking. Most importantly, he instructed agencies to conduct retrospective review of their regulations. These reviews have resulted in near-term cost savings to the U.S. economy of $10 billion. He also has required agencies to estimate the costs and benefits of regulations, consider less burdensome alternatives, and incorporate those that are affected by regulations into the rulemaking process. Taken together, these efforts are helping to reign in regulatory costs, while ensuring that agencies can carry out their mission.    While it is important to reduce the unnecessary burden on small businesses, we have to be careful to not impede the economic benefits of regulation. Clean water and air regulations help ensure a healthy workforce and are critical to many companies, especially those engaged in travel and tourism. Safety rules keep our workers healthy and enhance productivity by reducing workplace accidents. Financial regulation has prevented individuals from being taken advantage of.    Earlier this month, we saw the CFPB close down a student loan debt management company that fleeced 3.6 million from 4,300 consumers through a 3-year scam, so we have to be careful to not use instances of regulatory burden to undo helpful rules. Reduce compliance costs? Yes. That is something we can all agree to, but neutralize critical environmental health and safety rules, no, that is too far. Too often this debate is framed in a strictly either/or context, meaning we must choose between harming small businesses and preserving important protections that keep workers and consumers safe. Perhaps a better option is to focus on regulating in a thoughtful manner that is sensitive to the burden imposed on small companies while maintaining their underlying policies. The regulatory review process that Congress and the president have laid out is meant to achieve that goal, taking small firms' needs into account.    Today, I hope to learn more about how mechanisms like the Regulatory Flexibility Act are minimizing their regulatory impact on small companies. Likewise, there might be other ways that federal agencies can lessen small business compliance costs, whether it is through compliance assistance, legal advice, or other steps, it is my hope that this sort of proactive thinking can also be part of the discussion. All of us share the goals of protecting workers, preserving our environment, and keeping consumers safe. Likewise, none of us want these protections to hurt small companies or impede job growth. It is my hope that by working together, we can achieve both goals.    With that, I thank the witnesses for being here today, and I yield back.    Ms. VELAZQUEZ. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    It is my pleasure to introduce Mr. Frank Knapp, Jr., the Founder, President, and CEO of the South Carolina Small Business Chamber of Commerce, which has more than 5,000 members and has a goal of making South Carolina more small business friendly. He also serves as Vice Chair of the American Sustainable Business Council, which advocates for the growing universe of sustainable and socially responsible businesses and social enterprises. Mr. Knapp holds a master's degree in social psychology from the University of South Carolina and a bachelor's degree in psychology from Indiana University of Pennsylvania. Welcome.    Ms. VELAZQUEZ. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Knapp, a lack of regulation or regulatory enforcement can often lead to catastrophic results. Environmental disasters, such as those in West Virginia recently, or the BP oil spill, have been devastating to local small businesses. What do you think happened there? Was it lack of regulations or lack of enforcement?    Ms. VELAZQUEZ. Yeah, well, I guess budgets have consequences.    Ms. VELAZQUEZ. Mr. Sullivan, I see in your testimony that you are leading the Coalition for Responsible Business Finance, a group of nontraditional small business lenders. As you know, I also serve on the Financial Services Committee, and I have pushed Director Cordray to issue regulations under Section 1071 of Dodd-Frank that will help us determine whether women-owned and minority-owned businesses are being discriminated against when they are trying to get loans. I will continue to push the director to do what we told him to do when we passed the Dodd-Frank. However, I am curious, from your standpoint, about how the CFPB can get this information without harming small lenders. Do you have an opinion on that?    Ms. VELAZQUEZ. We will be watching for sure. Thank you.    Mr. Knapp, when agencies publish a proposed rule, the Reg Flex Act requires them to describe, and where feasible, estimate the number of small entities to which the proposed rule applies. Agencies often underestimate the number of small businesses impacted by proposed regulations, or simply say that the data is unavailable. Is it your experience that the burden is on small businesses to demonstrate that they will be affected? Mr. Sullivan, I would like to hear your comments on that.    Ms. VELAZQUEZ. Thank you.    Mr. Sullivan?    Ms. VELAZQUEZ. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.