    Mr. Salmon. Subcommittee will come to order.    Members will be permitted to submit written statements to be included in the official hearing record. Without objection, the hearing record will remain open for 5 calendar days to allow statements, questions and extraneous materials for the record, subject to the length limitation in rules.    I would like to begin my remarks by offering my sincere condolences to those who recently lost loved ones and sustained property damage in Sri Lanka and across South Asia due to Cyclone Roanu.    I wish for a speedy recovery for the Sri Lankan people and hope our newly invigorated development relationship that we're going to discuss today can help meet some of the challenges left in the wake of the storm.    Sri Lanka's lengthy and tortuous civil war between the majority Sinhalese and the minority Tamils of the north and east ended in 2009 but the country remains challenged by deep divisions.    Sri Lanka's prior leader, President Rajapaksa, steered the country in an authoritarian direction which included allegations of pervasive human rights abuses, rampant corruption and the failure to follow the rule of law.    In 2015, the Sri Lankan people chose a new path with the election of President Sirisena and Prime Minister Wickremesinghe. There's an opportunity for a new era of democratic reforms and enhanced U.S.-Sri Lankan relations.    Relations between the U.S. and Sri Lanka under the Rajapaksa government were often strained due in part to human rights concerns and the treatment of the minority Tamil population.    We are optimistic that the Sirisena-led government is committed to change and have already begun implementing important reforms. In 2015, the Sri Lankan Parliament passed its nineteenth constitutional amendment to strengthen democratic governance and the government co-sponsored a U.N. Civil Rights Council resolution addressing atrocities committed during the civil war.    However, the Sirisena government now appears reluctant to allow foreign judges and prosecutors to participate in war crimes investigations as called for in the U.N. resolution.    President Sirisena has the difficult task of maintaining the government unity that is needed to pass constitutional reforms.    He has found himself between a rock and a hard place and any moves favored by one element of Sri Lanka's political puzzle could alienate another, potentially undermining his political support and breaking the fragile consensus that makes reform even possible.    In light of this challenge late last year, Secretary Kerry announced a U.S. assistance commitment of $40 million to support comprehensive reforms in Sri Lanka, which the administration hopes will have a significant effect on the trajectory of Sri Lanka's democratic reform and reconciliation process.    Closer U.S.-Sri Lankan ties founded in democratic values will facilitate a stronger foundation that will serve as a solid basis for broader cooperation in the Indian Ocean region as well.    Under the Rajapaksa--I apologize, I should have a better handle on that name--leadership human rights became a wedge issue for the United States and Sri Lanka, weakening the relationship, and in response Sri Lanka turned to China for support.    China considers to assert considerable influence, funding development projects in Sri Lanka including the Colombo Port City Project, a $1.4 billion infrastructure project almost entirely funded by Chinese foreign direct investment.    The port is strategically located along the busiest commercial sea lane in the world and will be a key part of China's One Belt, One Road Maritime Silk Road vision to expand its influence by investing in infrastructure along the trade and energy routes that transit the Indian Ocean.    China's regional investments are difficult for small nations like Sri Lanka to pass up. These offers are easy to accept as they do not come with commitments to reform in any way.    Through our increased development commitment and diplomatic ties, the United States is recognizing Sri Lanka's geopolitical significance to the region and I do support this elevated cooperation.    President Sirisena has shown a willingness to work more closely with the United States and in February of this year our nations began the annual U.S.-Sri Lanka partner dialogue, bringing new opportunities for the bilateral relationship.    And I look forward to our panel of experts suggesting ways in which we might enhance the U.S.-Sri-Lankan relationship to our mutual benefit.    I also hope they will share insights on Sri Lanka's delicate politics and make recommendations for the future of the U.S.-Sri Lankan relations.    This is a heightened--there is a heightened sense of optimism surrounding Sri Lanka's recent changes and I look forward to today's hearing to discuss ways we can prioritize those efforts.    And I'd like to turn now to Mr. Sherman for any statements he might have.    Mr. Salmon. Thank you.    Just want to advise the committee members and the panelists there's a good likelihood that we're going to be called for floor votes anytime in the next few minutes. So there are other members that would like to make opening statements.    So there's a real good possibility we may end up having to do that and then come back. So I will apologize to the witnesses ahead of time.    Mr. Chabot.    Mr. Salmon. Thank you.    Ms. Meng.    Mr. Salmon. Thank you.    Mr. Donovan.    Mr. Salmon. Thank you. We are proud to be joined today by an esteemed group of panelists--first, Ms. Lisa Curtis, senior research fellow at the Heritage Foundation, welcome; Ms. Kara Bue, partner at Armitage International; and Dr. Nimmi Gowrinathan.    Did I say that right? Close enough, for government work anyway? A visiting professor from the city of New York.    And we are really thrilled to have you each here today and we will start with Ms. Curtis.    Mr. Salmon. Oh, thank you.    Mr. Salmon. Thank you.    Ms. Bue.    Mr. Salmon. Thank you very much.    Dr. Gowrinathan.    Mr. Salmon. Thank you.    With our truncated time for questions and the fact that we are going to be called for votes very soon, if members could maybe hold their questions to 2 minutes.    So anybody that wants to try to get a question in before we leave I am going to adjourn when the votes are called. And I am going to allocate my time to our guest member, Mr. Donovan. So you go ahead and start the questioning and then I will go to the ranking member.    Mr. Salmon. Thank you. Mr. Sherman.    Mr. Salmon. I thank the panel members for coming today. We appreciate your commitment to improving the lives of people in the region and I think we've had a great discussion. I think it is clear that the U.S. Congress is very interested in moving forward and not just on paper but in reality.    I really appreciate all the comments, and, without objection, the hearing will be adjourned.