    Ms. CLARKE. I thank you, Mr. Chairman, and I thank our Ranking Member, Ms. Velazquez. Let me thank our witnesses. This is a very intriguing and important subject we are discussing today because access to capital, we know, is a fundamental building block for small businesses in the United States.    During the financial crisis of 2008, it led banks pulling out $116 billion in the lending market. This has compelled small businesses to seek the necessary loans from non-traditional lending sources, such as peer-to-peer lending.    We have seen that these peer-to-peer lending marketplaces are subject to high risk and potentially fraudulent services or activities. What suggestions might you have to improve the regulatory climate and oversight environment for peer-to-peer marketplaces to counteract practices of fraud or other elicit investing practices? Have you thought that through?    Ms. CLARKE. Are you saying there is no necessity for that in the United States? Is that what you are saying?    Ms. CLARKE. Yes, you are saying there is no necessity to put any safeguards or regulations in place because fraud is non-existent?    Ms. CLARKE. Very well. Sam? Excuse me, Mr. Hodges.    Ms. CLARKE. You also believe that you have set standards sufficient enough to address risk and how the risk is distributed among the investors?    Ms. CLARKE. They do know what they get?    Ms. CLARKE. Okay. Very well. My second question quickly is with the increased popularity of the peer-to-peer lending platforms, we are seeing an increased rate of rejection for small business applicants through these platforms. This can lead to a gap in access to capital for our small businesses which can result in small businesses closing their doors.    What suggestions might you have for Congress to implement that would be conducive for small businesses to continue to be able to access the capital they need through the peer-to-peer lending platforms?    Ms. CLARKE. Very well. I thank you, gentlemen, very much for your testimony here today. I yield back, Mr. Chairman.