    Admiral Gortney. Chairman Rogers, Ranking Member Cooper, and distinguished members, thanks for allowing us to come here today as we talk about this critical mission set.    As I look at threats to the homeland, I look at threats from the most likely to the most dangerous. And right there in the middle of this is this critical mission set defending the homeland from ballistic missile defense, particularly the threats from North Korea and Iran.    But, as I look at the threats, the most likely and the most dangerous that is getting ready to confront us, I think it is sequestration and the impacts on my ability across all of my mission sets, but particularly in this particular case, to defend the homeland.    Sequestration, when it comes for the services, is the quickest way to hollow a force out. They have to take it out of readiness, and they are going to delay capability.    And when I look at the effects of sequestration on this mission set, my good friend here, Jim Syring, he doesn't have a readiness account that he can go to. He has to go into the New START program, which is going to delay the long-range discriminating radar, the improved kill vehicle that we need to outpace this proliferating threat.    And so the specifics of those impacts I will leave to Jim here. But we look forward to your questions. And we really appreciate your support.    Admiral Gortney. As I said before, the biggest impact is the delay of capability for our ability to outpace the threats. And Admiral Syring just adequately--very well explained those particular impacts. So let me take another look. Let me mention this from a different way.    Defending the homeland is an away game. That is where our primary focus is, to delay the away game. The way sequestration is going to impact the services, they are going to have to go under their readiness accounts in order to do that, which is the quickest path to a hollow force.    That is going to drive these low-density, high-demand assets, be it Patriot, THAAD, or Aegis BMD ships. Their operational tempo is going to go up, only stressing a very, very stressed force as it is.    In my last job as a force provider for the Navy, those carriers and air wings, Amphibious Ready Groups and Marine Expeditionary Units and ballistic missile defense ships are the highest op tempo that we have. And those are the forces that are going to feel that impact. That is going to directly affect how well we defend ourselves in the away game.    Every commander's first responsibility is to protect the people that work for them. And having lived with my family underneath the Iranian threat in Bahrain for a couple years, you know, I am very, very concerned of that ability to outpace the threat in the Pacific and in the Gulf and in the Mediterranean in order to do that critical mission. That is how sequestration will affect us.    Admiral Gortney. Sir, I was in the Navy-Army staff talks that generated that particular lecture. And the fundamental issue from the services comes down to: Are we spending our money correctly? And what is the impact for the money that we are spending?    The primary concerns that they have is that we are relying at this particular point, whether it be ballistic missile defense for the homeland or theater ballistic missile defense, is that we are really emphasizing being a catcher and shooting a rocket down with a rocket, which is a very expensive proposition and it drives low-density, high-demand assets, their operational tempo, up.    So when they talk about unsustainable, it is not only in the terms of cost, but it is in terms of the operational tempo of the forces that are doing it. And so what we really need is--what they are asking for is a broader range, that we have a deterrence policy that helps keeps missiles on the rail for deterrence, we have kinetic and non-kinetic options to keep missiles on the rails, and then we start attriting the threat, once they get airborne, starting in the boost phase and throughout that particular flight, so that we start knocking down missiles in a more effective and a cost-effective manner.    We are on the wrong side of the cost curve and we are on the wrong side of the operational tempo curve. That is what they are trying to drive for.    That is why the impacts of sequestration are so critical, because Admiral Syring has laid in technological RDT&E money to go after other methods other than just the midcourse approach that will allow us to get on that correct side of the cost curve.    And, with sequestration, those will be impacted, which is counter to what the Chief Staff of the Air Force and the Chief of Naval Operations have asked for, to get on the right side of the cost curve and, also, free up the operational tempo of the forces that are executing this critical mission.    Admiral Gortney. Correct.    General Mann. Sir, if I could just add to that, I think that the Joint Staff and OSD is looking at a more holistic way of looking at global force management. Instead of just looking at platforms, whether it is BMD ships or THAAD or Patriot, how can we better address the COCOMs' requirements in terms of capability?    So that is where you get left of launch. That is where we need improvements in ISR--intelligence, surveillance, reconnaissance--and being able to do a better job of seeing intent and taking actions before a launch and, also, making use of other non-kinetic, whether it is space control assets, whether it is maybe directed energy down the road, things that are more cost-affordable in terms of getting after this capability.    So what we are doing is we are really raising the level of sophistication as to how we get after our global force management.    Admiral Gortney. Yes, sir. You know, sensors are key. If you can't see, you can't kill. And to the improvement for the long-range discriminating radar, our ability to better detect and discriminate where the threat is, and the types, will enhance the effectiveness, the lethality, of our kill vehicles, but we also need to enhance the lethality of our kill vehicles and we need to sustain them.    So the priorities that Admiral Syring has laid out, the three priorities of the better sensors, enhanced kill vehicles, and the sustainment and maintaining of that which we own, have to be done concurrently. It is not an either-or. All of them have to be done concurrently.    Admiral Gortney. The only nation that has an effective cruise missile capability is Russia, from either their long-range aviation, their Bear H's , from the cruise missile submarines, or they have an ability to put it on surface ships, both combatants and noncombatants.    I haven't been in the cruise missile business defending against them since I was a JG . And I shot over 1,300 of them. I know that they are very effective and they are very difficult to shoot down.    Our current strategy is very focused on shooting the arrows. And we need to expand our strategy and our capabilities to be able to get the archer, hold the archer at risk.    And there is an approach, rules of engagement, that allows us to take the archer out and then be able to deal with the leakers that come through here. And that is what we are trying to get the program.    Admiral Gortney. I will echo. It is the authorities that go and how you are allowed to spend base and how you are allowed to spend OCO. And for the critical investments that Admiral Syring needs to make, he doesn't have the authorities in order to do it.    Secretary Carter and General Dempsey yesterday went on the record that we want to be the best stewards of the American taxpayers' dollars. And keeping the money in the base and then use OCO for what OCO is for allows us to do that.    Admiral Gortney. Again, it goes back to the authorities of where we can make investments, where we can spend the money. We have always had operational costs where we called it earlier things before the wars 14 years ago to pay supplementals, to pay for operations around the world.    And so it really comes to the authorities. If someone is going to do that, with it has to come the authorities to spend the money where we need to spend the money to make the best decisions for the American people.    Admiral Gortney. I have high confidence in the current system against the current threats. And I have that because of the way of the testing program that we have as we assess the threats that are out there that it is designed to go against and our ability to test and exercise the system of systems that makes up this architecture.    Should that change and I lose confidence, I will be the first to tell you that I lost confidence in the system, but I do not have that here. And as long as we are able to properly fund the capabilities that we have asked for in the budget and we are able to execute the testing and maintain the test schedule and we have the intel to see if we are pacing the threat, I am comfortable with it. But if it fails to do that, I will come back and tell you.    Admiral Gortney. I am confident that his test schedule is exactly what we need. You are striking the fine line between how much test--we would always love to do more testing and more live fire tests. Who wouldn't? But striking that right balance gets confidence in the system, and I have confidence in the system today.    General Mann. I would just add that I think the cadence is also right on track, too.    Admiral Gortney. They are BMD ships. They are full-up capable ships. The only thing from a Flight IIA capability, they don't have the helicopter platform. But they are able to do the range-of-missile test.    Admiral Gortney. Yes, sir. The naval component there would be constrained to, if it is for a BMD mission, he has to do the BMD mission.    Admiral Gortney. We received--I am out of my lane here just a little bit. We received the money from MDA to make the necessary upgrades, but we were given no additional platforms to put them on.    Admiral Gortney. Well, in my previous force provider role, sir, the reason for the demand signal going up is the proliferation of the theater ballistic missile threat that--the BMD-equipped Aegis are a piece of the system of systems to defend that area for. So it is because of the proliferation of the threat and the global nature of it that demand signal from the COCOMs has gone up.    The ability to--CNO had to take five BMD upgrades out of the budget. The money wasn't there in order to do it. The downside of that is delaying the capability and the op tempo on the forces--the operational tempo of those forces that are manned, trained, and equipped do that mission today.    The forward-going to Rota really helped in that regard. When we can forward base forces, it reduces that rotational demand signal. When they get fully up, that is going to reduce the strain significantly for the east coast force. But it is just the reality and supports the memo that the Chief Staff of the Army and the CNO put out on going after the op tempo and going after the cost group.    Admiral Gortney. Yes, sir. I do view missile defense as a core mission. And it is missile defense from the range of capabilities that are out there, whether it is a homeland defense mission or whether or not it is defending the defended asset list, a shore facility or on a float facility that is out there. It is key. We train to it. It is an integrated process.    General Mann. Sir, it is a core capability for the Army.    Admiral Gortney. Our ability to predict the future is not very good. Just 3 short years ago, when we predicted the international security environment that we are in today, we didn't exactly get that right. That is the challenge.    And so the impacts of the implementation of sequestration is the quickest way to hollow the force out. And that hollowness isn't linear. It is exponential. And it is the way the services have to go after readiness in order to do it. But it is not predictive in nature. We won't be able to execute the range of missions that we are supposed to do out there.    And what further complicates that, if we predict the threats capability wrong and it comes left, now we are in a very, very untenable position. So making the necessary investments and making the investments in current readiness, which is investments in future readiness, is absolutely critical.    Admiral Gortney. Iran may attempt to orbit a satellite this year using the Simorgh space launch vehicle, an intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM)-class booster. However, we have no evidence to suggest Iran has developed a reentry vehicle or warhead for the Simorgh, and we assess Iran will not be able to deploy an operational ICBM until later this decade at the earliest. Operationally, we are ahead of the threat today, but to remain out in front of 2020 adversaries we need to continue investments which improve our existing capabilities, such as improving our sensor architecture, enhancing the lethality of our kill vehicles, and sustaining/testing the ballistic missile defense system.    Admiral Gortney. I was referring to the need to continue funding high payoff technologies that afford us the opportunity to reduce the cost per engagement. The Multiple Object Kill Vehicle could be one such program; other programs potentially include the rail gun and use of directed energy. In addition, the Redesigned Kill Vehicle will provide improvements in both effectiveness and reliability. Collectively, these systems have the potential to provide a layered defense with more overall lethality than today's ballistic missile defense system.    Admiral Gortney. My top three concurrent priorities are: (1) improve our sensors, (2) enhance the lethality of our kill vehicles, and (3) sustain/test the ballistic missile defense system. When realized, these priorities will improve ground-based interceptor reliability and may influence my shot doctrine.    Admiral Gortney. I believe that before a decision is made to build a third ground-based interceptor site, we must ensure that our top three concurrent priorities are fully realized: (1) improve our sensors, (2) enhance the lethality of our kill vehicles, and (3) sustain/test the ballistic missile defense system. In addition, I believe that any decision about an East Coast missile defense site should be based upon the threat, which currently does not support the need at this time.    Admiral Gortney. I believe it is extremely important to invest in left of launch capabilities so that attack operations support the full spectrum of offense/defense integration and remain a vital pillar of Integrated Air and Missile Defense. To this end, these efforts should focus on making our intelligence and warning capabilities more robust against the threat, as well as developing and integrating new technologies into our Integrated Air and Missile Defense portfolio. Finally, these capabilities need to be operationalized across the combatant commands.    Admiral Gortney. The Missile Defense Agency (MDA) is responsible for the execution of funding for the ballistic missile defense programs. As the warfighter, I am not the authority on MDA's programmatic planning. I recommend contacting VADM Syring to get the full details on FY16 budget execution.    Admiral Gortney. We are ahead of the threat today, and to remain out in front of 2020 and 2025 adversaries, we need to continue investments that expand our existing capabilities, such as improving our sensor architecture, enhancing the lethality of our kill vehicles, sustaining/testing of the ballistic missile defense system, investing in advanced technologies to lower the cost per kill, and developing a kill assessment capability.