    Mr. Bonnie. Mr. Chairman, Ranking Member, and distinguished Members of the Committee, thank you for the opportunity to appear before you today to discuss the work of the Natural Resources Conservation Service and the Forest Service. This Committee deserves a great deal of credit for the 2014 Farm Bill, and I will focus much of my remarks on implementation of that law.    In addition, given the seriousness of this year's fire season, I also want to discuss forest restoration and the impact of wildland fire on our budget. Implementation of the 2014 Farm Bill is a top priority for USDA. With respect to NRCS programs, the agency is demonstrating that voluntary conservation, backed by strong science and done in concert with a variety of partners, can solve critical natural resource challenges for America's farmers, ranchers, and forestland owners.    The agency has completed interim final rules for the Environmental Quality Incentives Program, the Conservation Stewardship Program, the new Agricultural Conservation Easement Program. NRCS has placed a particular priority on implementation of the new Regional Conservation Partnership Program. This new program has spurred new partnerships among producers, businesses, conservation groups, states, and others. In February, NRCS provided over $370 million in RCPP funding to 115 projects, an investment that matched more than dollar for dollar. In May NRCS, announced a second funding availability, 265 pre-proposals were submitted. Interest in RCPP is very high.    Beyond this program, NRCS is spearheading a series of initiatives to address drought, water quality, wildlife habitat, and other issues. For example, our Mississippi River Basin Initiative is significantly increasing the adoption of critical water quality conservation practices. We are working with California farmers and ranchers to make their operations more resilient to drought. And NRCS is demonstrating through its Working Lands for Wildlife Program that farmers, ranchers, and forest landowners can voluntarily restore habitat for rare species so that they no longer need the protection of the Endangered Species Act.    Let me now turn to the Forest Service. Increasing the pace and scale of forest restoration and management across our National Forests remains the top priority for the agency. The agency continues to invest in collaborative landscape-scale projects and has increased acres treated over the last several years. Timber sales have increased by 18 percent since 2008.    The Forest Service has moved quickly to implement several provisions of the 2014 Farm Bill. Last year Secretary Vilsack designated over 46 million acres of National Forest System lands under the new insect and disease provisions of the farm bill. Twenty projects are moving forward, and 16 of those use categorical exclusions under NEPA. Working with states, the Forest Service has developed templates for use of the Good Neighbor Authority, and we have entered into agreements so far with Pennsylvania, Utah, and Wisconsin.    Through our Joint Chiefs Landscape Restoration Partnership, NRCS and Forest Service are working together to restore forests on private lands adjacent to National Forests using farm bill dollars.    Our biggest obstacle to increasing forest restoration and management is the wildfire budget. Longer fire seasons, increased fuel loads, and development into our wildlands are all significantly increasing the costs of fire fighting. In most years, the Forest Service is forced to transfer funds from nonfire programs to fund firefighting. This year we will transfer an estimated $700 million, but there is a long-term problem that goes well beyond these annual transfers. Fire programs now consume over 50 percent of the agency's budget, up from 16 percent just 2 decades ago. As a result, the agency has 39 percent fewer employees working on nonfire programs. All agency activities are suffering, including recreation, research, range management, and, yes, forest restoration.    The current budget system is cannibalizing the very programs that can help us reduce the threat of fire. To solve the fire budget problem, we must solve both issues, both fire transfers and the long-term shift of resources away from nonfire programs.    The Wildfire Disaster Funding Act supported by several Members of this Committee would make significant in-roads. It is time that we treat fire as the natural disaster that it is and adopt an approach which will allow the agency to invest in restoration activities that will over time save lives, property, natural resources, and money. Thank you.    Mr. Bonnie. I know the issue here is the ozone rule, right, and the potential impacts on prescribed fire.    Mr. Bonnie. I don't know the exact--I know we have provided a good bit of information to you all. We would be happy to go back and check and make sure we have been responsive to your requests. I will say, lots of conversations back and forth with EPA on how to deal with this so that we can invest and prescribe fire.    Mr. Bonnie. So we have increased the number of acres for treating across the National Forest System. We are doing more projects out on the ground through collaborative, larger-scale efforts.    Mr. Bonnie. Doing more prescribed fire, but as well, thinning treatments, other types of restoration to remove underbrush, small-diameter timber. As you know, in your part of the world, we have taken fire out of a lot of the ecosystems. In addition to getting the fire back in, we also need to do a lot of mechanical treatment and thinning, and we are trying to do that in a collaborative, larger-scale effort to increase both the number of acres treated and the amount of board-feet that come off of the National Forests.    Mr. Bonnie. So let me hit the salvage piece first. There are a number of things we can do--to get at a little bit the question earlier--using some expedited procedures to try and move, particularly near roads and trails, timber that can cause a safety problem.    We moved a 300 million board-foot salvage sale in the wake of the 2013 Rim Fire out on the Stanislaus through an expedited NEPA process. We are trying to pilot efforts to do large-scale salvage operations in places like that. We will have a significant salvage issue in the wake of this fire season, and so we are looking at ways to be creative to move those but to do it with the best sound science as well.    Mr. Bonnie. No.    Mr. Bonnie. No. The bigger issue for us is to build a collaborative effort to bring environmentalists, timber industries, and others to the table so that we can create these larger-scale projects that will have more public support.    Mr. Bonnie. I am happy to. So first, the most important thing we can do to increase pace and scale is clearly to fix the budget. Our criticism of the budget provisions in the legislation is that they don't go far enough. You have done a good job of solving the transfer problem, but the long-term impact of fire in our budget, we expect that in 10 years we will spend not 50 percent like we do now on fire programs, but \2/3\ of our budget. That is going to impact our ability to do all kind of things, including restoration.    Mr. Bonnie. Absolutely. We welcome the conversation. As the Statement of Administration Policy said, we have some concerns with sort of the design and scale of some of the provisions related to NEPA, some other things. But we are willing to have a conversation. I put things maybe in a few different buckets. One is a conversation about NEPA categorical exclusions, maybe similar to the insect and disease provisions.    Mr. Bonnie. I think we would design them differently. Second, there are things we can do to promote larger landscape scale projects. There are some things there we can do. Promoting markets is another key thing that we can do. There may be some flexibility around----    Mr. Bonnie. Well, I guess my message to you would be, we have to do a lot more on the budget side, and the budget piece we design is budget neutral.    Mr. Bonnie. Absolutely.    Mr. Bonnie. I know I am out of time. I would just share, we share your interest in increasing the pace and scale of restoration absolutely and welcome the conversation. We think the budget is obviously a critical part of it, but there are other pieces as well.    Mr. Bonnie. That is certainly part of it.    Mr. Bonnie. So, I am aware of the issue. Obviously, haven't seen the specific piece of legislation, so don't want to comment on that. We have had a number of people approach us about this issue and interest in the role that local land trusts and others can play in the Forest Legacy Program. We welcome the conversation.    Frankly, there have been folks on both sides of this issue. The Forest Legacy Program has worked well to keep forests and forestry, and we want to continue that. I think we would welcome the conversation to sit down with you and explore this further.    Mr. Bonnie. I can't give you an answer to that question off the top of my head. I will say, this year we burned 8.8 million acres, that is forestland and rangeland as well. The numbers are high. And, in some cases, it makes sense to do salvage; in other places it is either too remote or otherwise to think about it.    Mr. Bonnie. Annually, we are burning north of 7 million acres a year. In terms of treatments in the Forest Service, I look to my left a little bit, we are in the neighborhood of 2.9 million acres somewhere.    Mr. Bonnie. That is right.    Mr. Benishek.--that order of magnitude.    And to Mr. Thompson's question about getting more harvest into the forest, what have you done? What I hear from different people in your agencies and outside is that because of budgetary issues, they can't get more harvesting done. And because of the way that the cuts are mandated to be done, it actually costs the Forest Service more money than they make by selling trees. And I always thought when you sell trees you make money, but apparently the Forest Service does not.    And what have you done in the last 3 years to improve the process by which sales occur to maximize the resource of the American people? Because I don't want to see this--the process cost more money than the actual, when I am a forest owner and people own land elsewhere that harvest the forest in a very satisfactory way the third party observations and all that and they actually make money. But you folks can't seem to do that.    So to me, it should be easy to harvest the trees because you can be making money at the same time. So can you go into that a little bit for me, please?    Mr. Bonnie. So I will start off and then Mary can fill in. So we have increased the amount of timber harvest since 2008 by about 18 percent. Last year we harvested about 2.8 billion board-feet. And we have clearly stated that we need to do more. We agree with you; there is more land to treat.    In terms of new things that we have done, we have invested in a larger-scale landscape projects. We have done a project across 1 million acres in Arizona. I mentioned earlier the Rim Fire project, so we are trying to----    Mr. Bonnie. Yes.    Mr. Benishek.--that the loggers can get into easier. So I applaud your effort there, but it has made it harder for people in my district to actually cut trees down in the Federal forest because of maybe rules like you are talking about.    Mr. Bonnie. Well, so we can choose the sale. We can do smaller sales. I didn't mean to suggest we are only doing larger. Absolutely right.    The other thing I would say about value is there are clearly places where timber sales are going to pencil out in a positive way. I would also say that there are places where either the markets aren't robust or we have small diameter timber that we have to go in and remove, that the economics aren't as good. There aren't places----    Mr. Bonnie. I agree with you that we need to do more work. As I noted earlier, I am willing to have a conversation about are there authorities and things we can look at. I will come back to the point that the most important thing, most of the biggest constraint on our ability to do work is the lack of capacity. And that lack of capacity comes from the shift of non-fire resources into fire. And if we don't do something about that problem, it is going to be harder for us to do all kinds of things, including forest management.