    Mr. Johnson. Well, thank you very much, Mr. Chairman. And thank you, Administrator Dominguez, for joining us today.    Section 11 requires that PHMSA issue new regulations for underground natural gas storage facilities. And the recent incident at an underground natural gas storage facility in California certainly highlights the importance of this requirement. So does PHMSA support this provision in Section 11?    Mr. Johnson. But you know that it requires you guys to issue regulations. So do you support that?    Mr. Johnson. Do you think it is important for states to retain a cooperative role in overseeing these facilities?    Mr. Johnson. No, but do you think it is important that they retain that, that cooperative relationship?    Mr. Johnson. Section 16 of the discussion draft would reauthorize PHMSA's pipeline safety and grant programs and later today, we will hear from the states who would like to see an increase in state grants. The states do the bulk of the inspection work and the pipeline statute allows them to be reimbursed up to 80 percent by the Federal Government. Did the states receive the full 80 percent reimbursement in 2014?    Mr. Johnson. We know. That is what I just said. So my question to you is did they receive the full 80 percent reimbursement in 2014?    Mr. Johnson. Did they receive it? That is a simple question. Did they receive it?    Mr. Johnson. That is history. That is part of your records. Did they receive the full 80 percent?    Mr. Johnson. Well, I can tell you the answer, but would you get it and get it back to this committee, please?    Mr. Johnson. The answer is no, they did not. It was only 75 percent and can you give us any idea why they did not?    Mr. Johnson. Would PHMSA support a relative increase in funds for state grants? You have acknowledged that the states do the bulk of the work, would you support an increase, a relative increase in those funds for state grants?    Mr. Johnson. I would think that balance would be improved if the states got the full reimbursement for their 80 percent though. Would you agree with that?    Mr. Johnson. OK, all right. Very quickly, PHMSA, as you know, I believe, should encourage performance based risk management regulations whenever possible because this data-drive approach to safety offers the greatest flexibility allowing pipeline operators to adapt their programs and plans to provide an adequate margin of safety.    So it has been reported that some rules under consideration by PHMSA are unable to pass the cost benefit analysis. If this is the case, why is PHMSA having difficulty incorporating cost into a risk-based regulation?    Mr. Johnson. OK, Mr. Chairman. I yield back.