    Mr. Forbes. Mr. Chairman, thank you.    And, Ms. Wormuth, a few weeks ago, the chairman put together a round table with some of the best defense planners and strategists in the country and they all concurred that it would be fair to categorize Mr. Putin as opportunistic.    That means he would see an opportunity like Ukraine, move in there, then evaluate it, based on the responses, for his next movement; that the Chinese were long-term strategists, but that the United States has become more reactionary, and they felt that one of the biggest weaknesses we had now was a lack of strategy.    When I listen to the chairman correctly talking about the need to perhaps give defensive assistance, weapons and equipment, to the Ukraine now--Ukraine government, I am concerned because, for the longest time, this administration would not even allow our military to give information, which is kind of the baby step before you do anything else, to the people in Ukraine.    We couldn't tell them about Russian troop movements, capabilities, locations, all of those kinds of things. In hindsight, was that an incorrect strategy?    Mr. Forbes. But what was your strategy, for so long, not giving them that information; in fact, prohibiting that information from being given?    Mr. Forbes. You didn't think that the location of where the Russian troops and the size of the troops and those kind of things would be important to the Ukraine government?    Mr. Forbes. Can you check that and verify that for us?    Mr. Forbes. Please give it back to us on the record.    Mr. Forbes. Second thing is talk about this resurgent Russia. Many of us were concerned when the Russians asked us to pull our missile defense systems out of Europe and this administration said sure, we will do that.    Two questions; in hindsight, was that a bad strategy? And secondly, where did you put the additional resources to fill that gap?    Mr. Forbes. Can you tell me where you made those investments? And if you don't have them now----    Mr. Forbes . Would you supply that, because I haven't seen where you put those dollars. We put it on the back of the Navy, but we continue to wait for when you are going to give those additional resources to do it.    Maybe you could just--if you would, just supply it for the record. And again, if you would tell us what your strategy was; whether or not a gap has been left because you have done that.    Mr. Forbes. And then, General, the question I would ask for you, in follow-up to Mr. Courtney's question about the Navy, you know, Europe used to be a hub for our Navy and over the last decade, maybe two decades, we have allowed our naval presence to decline considerably.    Based on what we see with Russia now, where do you see us going forward? Is there going to be a new level of demand, perhaps, that our Navy has? And if so, can you give us a little bit of definition of what you think that might look like?    General Breedlove. Congressman, as you know, this is one of the places where our force structure in Europe is growing.    We have received two of the Aegis destroyers that will go into Rota and we have two more that are on schedule to come to us. They will be a multi-mission ship, but they will also be dedicated to missile defense, because that is their core capability. So the U.S. presence in Europe is growing.    But you rightly question that--are we taking all the right steps and here is what I would say. We are making a strong push with our NATO allies to better cooperate and bring them into these assurance measures and the changes that we are making to NATO, because you are----    Mr. Forbes. General, I would just point out; if we are going to do this so-called pivot to the Asia-Pacific area and if we see this increase in Europe then we are going to have to increase our naval presence if we are going to be able to do that.    And on the ships we are talking about, we really didn't add resources to that. We just shifted ships around, which is a big difference than adding resources.    And with that, Mr. Chairman, I yield.    The Chairman. Ranking Member.