    Mr. Frueh. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, Ranking Member Takano, and Members of the Subcommittee. Thank you for this opportunity to appear before you today and discuss the status and accomplishments of the Loan Guaranty Program and the Specially Adaptive Housing Program.    Our program's mission is a very simple one. We work to maximize veterans' and servicemembers' opportunity to obtain, retain, and adapt homes. However, our program does not generally make loans, build or sell homes, service loans, nor do we build adapted homes. Instead, we rely on lenders. We rely on realtors, appraisers, servicers, builders, and many others in the mortgage industry to help us deliver these benefits that our veterans have earned, many at great sacrifice.    We have worked relentlessly to increase our program's efficiency and effectiveness by delegating functions to our mortgage industry stakeholders. And I would like to take this opportunity to thank my colleagues at the Mortgage Bankers Association, the National Association of Realtors, and others like the National Association of Home Builders and the Appraisal Institute that have worked with us over the years to help make our program work better for our Nation's veterans.    To ensure this relationship is effective, we maintain a robust oversight and risk management program to secure a world class veteran experience, ensuring these private sector stakeholders adhere to our program goals, values, statutes, and regulations. Our work centers on creating success on all sides of the program. We work constantly to remove barriers veterans may face when using their benefits and ensure that veterans experience high quality consistent services no matter where they live. This work ranges from in home grant consultations with SAH eligible veterans and their families, to creating informational YouTube videos and the Google Hangout feeds, to making prudent policy changes that facilitate timely appraisal and loan closings, more efficient SAH grant processing, or innovative loss mitigation efforts.    We also work to ensure our program is easy to understand and at the forefront of industry processes and technology so that our private sector stakeholders succeed in their missions to make and service loans, construct or renovate homes, and manage and sell properties. On this front, we facilitate daily electronic transmission of loan and property data, we established permanent liaisons to all of the lenders and servicers across the Nation, and we hold regular forums, trainings, and calls, so stakeholders have open access to our leadership to ask questions, and obtain realtime answers and timely explanations of program or industry changes. We built systems that streamlined the flow of information between the industry and VA and provide analytical tools that decrease the time from application to closing so veterans benefit directly.    Through these strong partnerships, our focus on veterans, and our continuous drive to innovate and enhance operations and performance, we have built a high performing program that works for veterans, our stakeholders, and the American taxpayer. We have seen tremendous results from our efforts in removing barriers and enabling access. For the past few years, VA loans have equaled or exceeded industry benchmarks for time to close, percent of applications that actually do close, serious delinquency rate, and foreclosure inventory rate. We know our approach works because by creating ways to help our industry partners more effectively deliver these benefits, they have responded by offering veterans an interest rate lower than that for any other type of loan.    Veterans prove our approach works as well. At the same time, we guaranteed our largest number of loans last year, while preventing the largest number of foreclosures, the VA loan program maintained the second highest satisfaction rating in J.D. Power's Primary Mortgage Origination Satisfaction Study, significantly higher than the industry average.    The VA loan is not a good loan, it is a great loan. VA loans are viewed by lenders as safe and viable and viewed by veterans as an important financial benefit that helps them obtain a home for their families. Additionally, the work we have done to streamline policies and procedures in the SAH Program have enabled us to process a record number of grants for veterans who want to live independently in their own homes.    We have done some amazing things over the past few years. But could we do better? Of course we could. We can always do better. And no matter how successful we have been, we are always looking forward to see how we can make the program successful for veterans a decade from now. To that end, we are focusing on a number of initiatives that will empower veterans with information and access to innovative, effective, high quality products and services.    We have made incredible progress in our ability to manage, market, and sell foreclosed properties, and we have been able to increase our return on sale to almost 90 percent while decreasing our time in inventory to under 120 days.    We created a Federal Housing Agency Task Force, where FHA, USDA, VA, and others meet regularly to talk about best practices in the mortgage industry. And we are happy to report that USDA thought our processes were so good that they asked us to start managing and marketing their REO properties. And in the past three months, we have already made inroads in selling their properties, and they look to save about $10 million a year by using our processes.    Finally, Mr. Chairman, I would like to leave you with three thoughts about the impact our program has on veterans, on the taxpayers, and on the U.S. housing market. The record 631,000 borrowers obtaining a VA guaranteed home loan last year enjoyed an interest rate that was on average more than a quarter point below the rate for conventional loans. In addition to the longstanding no downpayment feature of VA loans, because they require no mortgage insurance premiums, those 631,000 borrowers saved over $40 billion in their mortgage payments for the life of their loans. Even here in D.C. that is serious money. The savings in downpayment and mortgage insurance are a strong benefit to veterans who may need those funds in the future to overcome unforeseen financial obstacles.    Since 2009, we have worked with private sector loan servicers to help over half a million veterans and their families retain their homes or avoid foreclosure, helping a record 90,000 last year alone.    And finally, in the past three years, we have helped over 4,000 severely disabled veterans build or adapt homes to help them live independently in the house of their choosing. And the 1,800 we helped last year represents almost a 50 percent increase from the record setting year before.    Obtain, retain, and adapt. It is that simple. Mr. Chairman, I appreciate the opportunity to speak today. I would like to thank the Subcommittee for your support of our veterans and for the productive working relationship that we have had with your Committee Members and your staff. I will continue to identify opportunities to enhance our program and stand ready to provide any information or technical assistance that the Subcommittee requires on ideas the members believe would help deliver our benefits to our veterans. This concludes my testimony.    Mr. Frueh. Well as part of our evolution in the loan guaranty process to enable veterans to use their benefits, we look at efficiency and effectiveness across the Board. And SAH agents, by their very nature, need to be located, dispersed throughout the country, so that they can actually get to and meet with veterans in their homes. In fact, we have a requirement within 30 days of being deemed eligible for the grant, we want to be in your house, speaking with your family, and looking at your living conditions, and talking about what you want and what ideas we might have for your future needs. So we do need to keep those staff dispersed, but we have taken a lot of time the last several years to move the rest of the work that we can across the Nation. So that just because there is a spike in originations in a state such as California, it does not mean that our office that serves California is the only office that is affected. We spread that work nationwide.    We have seen a lot of efficiencies in that the last couple years and we are making a couple changes as we proceed through that process of allocating those efficiencies. And one of those changes is focusing on SAH and saying where are the most disabled veterans living, where we need this help? We had a 50 percent increase in SAH grants authorized last year, which means 1,800 over 1,200 from the year before. That is a significant increase in work for approximately the same number of SAH agents. So we are working to free up the other staff that we do have in our budget across the Nation so that more agents can be put out to work on what we think is a very essential, very in person, very unique benefit that requires one on one development.    Mr. Frueh. First let me say thank you for passing that particular piece of legislation. H.R. 3016 eliminates the cap, which to explain is actually a little bit convoluted because it relies on several different organizations to set a cap in virtually every single MSA around the country. So it depends on where you live. If a veteran decides to move to a particular area or finds a house that they like in a particular area, what they might find by looking up our caps in the particular area is that the house they want to buy is greater than the amount that we are willing to guarantee or we are able to guarantee.    I think a misnomer is that it is a lending cap. VA does not set a limit on how much a veteran can purchase, we set a limit on how much we will guarantee. Which basically means that a lender can offer a loan to that veteran with no downpayment up to what that cap is, which is predominantly $417,000 around the country.    We did some analysis last year and found that there were about 15,000 veterans who wanted to buy a home in an area that was, where the price of the home was greater than the amount that is allowed. And we do not know how many veterans did not pursue purchasing a home with their VA benefit in an area where the cap was less than the amount of the home that they want because they never started the process. What we do know is that from the inception of the program, almost 90 percent of our loans have been made with zero downpayment. It is a cornerstone of the program for 72 years. Our average loan to value, our percentage of money that people put in on loans that they do put money in, it's 98 percent. So people put two percent down. The only other national housing program with a small downpayment is FHA, which is a 3.5 percent downpayment program. So I think that our records for the last almost 22 million loans indicate that no downpayment is important. And setting an artificial cap on the amount that we can guarantee is going to limit people that want to buy a home above that cap because that no downpayment is a very important part of the benefit.    Mr. Frueh. Yes, actually on several things that you brought up. One is an overall misperception that I call my father's VA. You know, the way the VA operated before is really what is living in a lot of realtors' minds and others in the industry, bankers, and others, that say it takes a long time. And that is what we have been working to address very very directly the last several years, is to survey the landscape and say, what is taking the most time that we control at VA? And moving it out of the way. And closing time is very important. So for the last several years, we look every month at industry benchmarks to say how long does it take to close a VA loan compared to a conventional loan? Which is someone that puts 20 percent down, or pays mortgage insurance, someone that has got pristine credit versus our borrowers who may or may not have pristine credit. We don't have a credit requirement. They may or may not put something down. We do not have a downpayment requirement. We try to compare ourselves to the best of the best. And we have been at industry standard closing times around 47 days, 49 days for most of the year. As of December, the last time I saw, we were about two days slower than the average conventional loan in the industry. Which to me is two days of opportunity that we can get back. But for the last several years, we have been dead even.    So we look at things like appraisal turn times, how quickly can we work our appraisal process from order to receipt. And we track that very diligently. And we know that at eight and a half days on average for each of our 600,000 appraisals last year, we are pretty much on par with industry. However, there is another five days of notice of value issuance, which is five days that we can control. And we have provided tools that this year we anticipate will drive down that five days to one day or less. And then, we will be at a four-day better than what we were today in the process. So we are continually looking at what we can do to take little steps out of the way that VA controls to make the process more efficient.    I did note that 74 percent of loans started as a VA loan actually closed last year, which is the highest rate in the industry. Conventional loans was only 72 percent. So our loans, if a veteran wants to use their benefit, they have a greater likelihood of actually getting the home that they want and completing that transaction than if they use any other type of mortgage, more than anyone else that tries to use the mortgage.    As for closing costs we do agree, and we take what Sherri said seriously. We are looking at the ability for veterans to negotiate what fees they pay. We are kind of balancing, we have been for 72 years, protecting veterans from getting into a situation they don't like versus protecting them from buying a house that they want. And that balance in some periods has shown to be more protective than less. And I think this is a regulatory option that we have for some of these fees and charges that are allowable, and we are certainly willing to work with our partners in the industry to find a balance that works better.    Mr. Frueh. Well that is a very very important question to ask. And I can address some of it. And we actually have a department at VA called the Ending Veteran Homelessness which is focused 100 percent on combining all of VA's resources that can help in the homeless arena and reach out with the private sector and other public sector entities to address the needs and various entities. Because, you know, as real estate is all about location, location, location, homeless veterans are in pockets in different areas. And we have to reach them where we are.    You know one thing that we did as an organization last month, VA had their point in time count. And in about 40 communities around the Nation, VA employees and local representatives from all the different constituencies went out to count the homeless and to meet with the homeless and to talk to them about services that they could avail them right then, they could find out whether these are homeless veterans or non-veterans, what we can do to help them. And those are things that we do repeatedly to find out how big is the problem. Because 40,000 veterans is a number that is out, but there is different numbers on different days in different communities. So we are trying to continually address it.    In the Loan Guaranty Program, we deal with a single benefit, the home loan benefit. And one thing that we focused on a lot in the last nine years is how do we stop a veteran who is already in financial distress from progressing down towards foreclosure? And what we have seen in the last nine years is--we have put together a formula, working with servicers around the country, working with the Mortgage Bankers Association and others, we have found a way to avoid foreclosure more than any other major loan product out there. And what we have started thinking about it more as we are not just avoiding foreclosure, we are helping prevent homelessness by keeping a family in a home, by not allowing one more family or one more veteran or one more member of a community to not have a roof over their head. So to that end, we work with our Ending Veteran Homelessness group. And when we have a veteran that is in default and a foreclosure date is set, we communicate that with them to say here is a potential for homeless. We need to conduct outreach to this family now and see do they have opportunities for housing afterwards. Not every deed in lieu of foreclosure or every short sale or every foreclosure leads to homelessness, but we do take it very seriously and we call this at risk for homelessness. And we identify a veteran family is at risk and we communicate with that process. But for everything else that VA is doing, I would have to put you in touch with our EVH group, the Ending Veteran Homelessness group.    Miss Rice. I think it is one of our great moral failures as a country that we have even one homeless or jobless veteran. I applaud all of you for doing your part to reduce that number of homeless veterans. Thank you. I yield back my time.