    Mr. Franks . And I thank the gentleman, and we'll now recognize Mr. Deutch for 5 minutes.    Mr. Franks. I thank the gentleman.    Will now recognize Mr. Marino for 5 minutes.    Mr. Franks. And I thank the gentleman.    I now recognize Ms. Bass for 5 minutes.    Mr. Franks. And I thank the gentlewoman.    We now recognize Mr. Labrador for 5 minutes.    Mr. Franks. And I thank the gentleman.    I now recognize Ms. DelBene for 5 minutes.    Mr. Franks. I thank the gentlewoman and now recognize Mr. Buck for 5 minutes.    Mr. Franks. And I thank the gentleman and now recognize Mr. Cicilline for 5 minutes.    Mr. Franks. I now recognize the gentleman from Georgia, Mr. Collins, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Franks. And I thank the gentlemen and now recognize Mr. Jeffries for 5 minutes.    Mr. Franks. I thank the gentleman, and I now recognize----    Mr. Franks. The gentleman is recognized, without objection.    Mr. Franks. I thank the gentleman.    I now recognize Mr. DeSantis for 5 minutes.    Mr. Franks. I thank the gentleman and now recognize Ms. Sheila Jackson Lee for 5 minutes.    Mr. Franks. The gentlemen is welcome to answer the question.    Mr. Franks. The gentlelady's time has expired.    Mr. Franks. I think all of us would agree with that.    Director Comey, I will now recognize myself for 5 minutes for questions. And I want to thank you for being here. Many people here in the Committee have recognized your unbiased attitude toward enforcing the law as it's written, and I think that speak very highly of you, and I've been very impressed with the cogency and just the clarity of your testimony this morning. I believe that a commitment to independent enforcement of the law is a genuine and sincere conviction on your part.    Director Comey, the Department of Justice has investigated past allegations of possible violations--and I know you've touched on this subject before, so forgive me for sort of rehashing it--possible violations of the Partial-Birth Abortion Ban Act. Indeed, in a letter dated August 4, 2015, responding to this Committee's request for an investigation of possible violations of the Partial-Birth Abortion Ban Act by Planned Parenthood, the Department of Justice stated that, ``Since the inception of the Partial-Birth Abortion Act, the Department has investigated allegations of health facilities that are related to possible violations of that law.''    Is there any current investigation by the FBI related to Planned Parenthood and the footage that's been released by the Center for Medical Progress at this time that you know of?    Mr. Franks. Okay. But as far as you know, even apart from the Planned Parenthood videos, do you know if any partial birth abortion ban investigations or enforcement actions have been taken by the FBI?    Mr. Franks. Well, I would appreciate that last part being included in any response you have. Obviously, there's some of us, you know, that think that the rule of law applies to these little ones that have so little ability to protect themselves as well.    Let me shift gears on you. I know there's been several questions asked today about gun violence, and I assure you I agree with your last answer completely that we want to do everything that we can to keep guns out of the hands of criminals and that it's vital for the sake and safety of the public that we do that.    There are those of us that would ask law enforcement do we think that it would be wise to take guns out of the hands of law enforcement, and almost no one would suggest that, because we believe--I do--that guns in the hands of properly trained FBI agents is a protection to the public.    And from my perspective, that would suggest that it's not the guns, it's whose hands they're in, because it's hard to make a case that if they're on the one hand a protective measure in the hands of police officers, that they're something that can protect and deter and prevent or interdict violence, that they're a good thing and that all of us from almost every spectrum of political consideration would suggest that, then the obvious, reasoned response becomes that it is, indeed, not the guns but whose hands they're in.    So my question to you is, how do we separate the argument so that we are doing everything that we can to prevent those who have lost their Second Amendment rights, who have demonstrated violence toward society or some issue with a mental illness, how do we deal with that while still leaving intact the right to own and bear arms under the Second Amendment by those who follow the law and, indeed, oftentimes protect themselves and sometimes even protect officers of the law?    Mr. Franks. Well, that's a very reasonable answer. I hope that we can do that. I think it will make your job easier, and it will augment the great work you do for the country.    And with that, I am going to end my question time. Do we have any other--yes, we do. I think that Mr. Bishop is not here. Oh, I'm sorry.    The gentleman, Mr. Bishop, you're recognized for 5 minutes. Flying under the radar there.    Mr. Franks. I thank the gentleman, and I apologize for missing him the first time.    And I now recognize Mr. Ratcliffe for 5 minutes.    Mr. Franks. Well, I would take a moment to echo those comments. With 7-year-old children, we're grateful that people like you are on the job.    This would conclude today's hearing. Thanks to our distinguished witness for attending. Thank the audience here. Grateful to all of you for being here.    Without objection, all Members will have 5 legislative days to submit additional written questions for the witness or additional materials for the record.    And with that, thank you again, Director Comey.    This hearing is adjourned.