    Mr. Beyer. Thank you, Madam Chair Comstock, and Chairman Loudermilk for holding this hearing today.    Recent news stories on the sharing of the HealthCare.gov visitor data with third parties really does raise very legitimate privacy concerns. According to these news reports, which we have heard, various personal data was being provided at multiple third-party websites and application tools embedded in the website. No personally identifiable information was provided to third parties but news reports also suggest that the information was being provided to third parties without the clear consent or any knowing consent of the visitors to the site.    I think there are many questions that the Members on both sides of the aisle have about HealthCare.gov implementing the use of third-party tools. What restrictions were placed on the use of this data by third parties? Was there even a need for third-party tools on the website? How do these tools improve the function of the website, users' experience? Could some of this work have been done in-house?    Unfortunately, we are not going to be able to get definitive answer to those questions today. I understand the majority invited government witnesses but they deferred citing too short notice to prepare their testimony. My understanding is they will be coming again later with the proper set of government witnesses to address these issues. In a perfect world, we would have had that first but right now I guess we have to deal with a lot of speculation and discover the government facts later.    The use of third-party website tools on HealthCare.gov has drawn an awful lot of public attention but I hope our witnesses, particularly Ms. De Mooy, can help us explore the larger privacy issues involved.    The use of third-party websites is worrisome but it is certainly not unusual in the digital online environment. One recent study found that the top 100 most popular websites were being monitored by more than 1,300 firms deploying these third-party tools. And while I believe we should definitely explore the privacy implications of using the third-party websites, this too is only a small part of the privacy pie.    From the moment we enter the digital domain, whether it is turning on our cell phone, logging onto the internet, opening up a tablet or other digital device, our data is collected, collated, and analyzed by corporations, organizations, government agencies, and particularly online advertising companies. In the physical world, our identities are often measured by details on our driver's licenses, birthday, height, gender, weight, but in the digital world, the metrics used to measure who we are seem to be based on observing the web pages we visit, the purchases we make, the people we personally socialize, the news items we read, and the movies we watch. And I am concerned about the use of these new metrics that constantly track and measure our personal lives online.    On the security side, we should also realize that any IT infrastructure is constantly evolving and improving. It is unclear if the use of third-party tools have any direct impact yet at least on the security of HealthCare.gov but also need this--this needs to be put in perspective. Chairman Loudermilk mentioned Anthem's recent breach exposing the accounts of 80 million customers. That is eight times the number of people who have signed up through--for the Affordable Care Act through HealthCare.gov.    Since the launch of HealthCare.gov, an additional 10 million Americans have healthcare coverage, and I believe that extending these healthcare market opportunities to 10 million Americans is a tremendously positive event for millions of families across the country. So we have very dark conjectures around the security of the website which we must address, but we also can't--must keep all of this in perspective about the millions of families who have been helped.    I hope this hearing helps us explore these broad privacy issues and I look forward to hearing from our witnesses. I yield back, Mr. Chair--Madam Chair.    Mr. Beyer. Thank you, Madam Chair.    Mr. Wright, I just wanted to clarify one thing. You suggest in your testimony that personally identifiable information was released from HealthCare.gov and it is true that information was released to third parties--we have heard about this, the 50 people--50 agencies, and there certainly are legitimate privacy-related questions, but from everything I know there is no PII data that was actually released and certainly no medical records.    Unfortunately, we have seen many, many other instances of PII data released on a frequent basis. Last year, eBay revealed that hackers had stolen the personal records of 233 million users, including usernames, passwords, phone numbers, and physical addresses. Anthem, we talked about, with the 80 million. My wife seems to get a new credit card every 90 days because the bank sends her a note saying the credit card has been compromised. And these are all unfortunate circumstances but they point to larger issues, security and privacy, but I don't think they point to specific PII data from HealthCare.gov. Your comments?    Mr. Beyer. Okay. Thank you very much.    Ms. De Mooy, is there any reason not to prohibit third-party vendors and can the website even be evolved to work without outside vendors, in-house data analytics? And I wonder, too, this is very speculative, but we know how tortured the rollout of HealthCare.gov was. How much of this do you think was the crashing and burning of CGI and the replacing with Accenture and all the firms trying to put Humpty Dumpty back together again?    Mr. Beyer. You had mentioned that we need comprehensive data privacy legislation.    Mr. Beyer. Is there such model legislation out there?    Mr. Beyer. Okay. Great. Thank you.    I yield back, Madam Chair.    Mr. Beyer. Thank you very much.    Chairwoman Comstock. Good. I now recognize Mr. Posey for five minutes.