    Mr. King. The Executive Overreach Task Force will come to order. Without objection, the Chair is authorized to declare a recess of the Task Force at any time. I will now recognize myself for my opening statement.    Today's hearing of the Executive Overreach Task Force will focus on executive overreach in the areas of regulatory enforcement and infrastructure. I will use my time today to focus on executive overreach as it adversely affects our Nation's vital infrastructure.    Federal mandates and untimely regulatory actions can often limit the efficient investment of the Nation's core infrastructure funds. One prominent example that comes to mind is the misuse of the Highway Trust Fund to pay for liberal policy goals rather than to build and maintain our roads and bridges.    The Highway Trust Fund is primarily funded through the Federal gas tax, a user's fee, which is 18.4 cents per gallon on gasoline and 24.4 cents per gallon on diesel fuel. Rather than spending every penny directly to build, maintain, and repair our roads and bridges, the Highway Trust Fund is being diverted to pay for Davis-Bacon wages, bike trails, squirrel sanctuaries, and environmental and archaeological studies and compliance.    Davis-Bacon wages, for example, make highway construction projects 20 percent more expensive than they would otherwise be if competitive, market-driven wages were paid. And by the way, those would be my numbers that come from our construction company that has been busy doing this kind of work for 41 years.    The reason for these inefficiencies in the Highway Trust Fund largely lay that the feet of a dormant Congress that delegated funding decision to the unaccountable bureaucrats in the executive branch. Without their elected representatives to fight for them with earmarks to fund direct needs, our constituents and their direct transportation needs are often ignored.    Furthermore, Federal executive branch demands for dedicating transportation funds to secondary activities, such as bicycle and pedestrian trails and landscaping, often interfere with the funding mechanisms and list of priorities for core infrastructure programs as understood by the States involved.    Without these formulaic prescriptions, we could build five miles of road instead of four, or build five new bridges instead of four. New layers of process upon process imposed in the name of protecting the environment can also significantly delay infrastructure improvements, even when many such improvements are known to have no significant environmental impacts.    Researchers have laid out a variety of Federal regulations that make building transportation infrastructure to rural areas much more difficult today, including environmental reviews that can cause the approval process for some projects to extend 10 to 15 years.    A September 2015 study by Philip K. Howard at Common Good concluded that the cumulative effect of 6 year delays in starting construction on public projects costs the Nation a cumulative total of over $3.7 trillion, and that including the costs of prolonged inefficiencies and unnecessary pollution during the period of legal review. That waste amounts to more than double the $1.7 trillion needed through the end of this decade to modernize America's infrastructure.    As the author of that report noted, no one deliberately designed America's infrastructure approval systems. It is an accident of legal accretion over the past 50 years. Environmental review was supposed to highlight major issues in 300 pages or less on complex projects so that officials can make an informed decision.    As practiced today, environmental review often harms the environment. America's antiquated power grid, for example, wastes the equivalent of 200 coal-burning power plants. Federal agencies, such as the Environmental Protection Agency and Corps of Engineers, also often seek to expand their jurisdiction over new waters through the issuance of guidelines like WOTUS--as we call it--or Waters of the United States--that interpret Federal laws in new ways that put things like drainage ditches and minor tributaries under Federal jurisdiction.    In fact, some of this goes all the way up the dry waterway to the top of the hill or to the kitchen sink, and it has been years of facing that kind of overregulation.    All the while, Congress has largely abandoned its power to direct Federal funds to the infrastructure and other priorities of the people under the name of earmark reform. While some criticize how Members of Congress sought to direct Federal funds to some projects rather than others, the alternative now is that unelected bureaucrats who are not beholden to the people through regular elections are directing Federal taxpayer dollars to their own infrastructure priorities, or rather to their own ideological pursuits, that may or may not have anything to do with core infrastructure priorities.    In other words, they had the earmarking that was done by individual Members of Congress in the interests of their constituents in the light of day that was focused on those priorities of infrastructure, now has been handed over to the executive branch of government for them to select those earmark priorities as opposed to Members of Congress who are up for election and reelection.    Members of Congress are uniquely positioned to better understand the need of their constituents and their districts. Renewing the use of earmarks is an important method to restore Article I authority in Congress and to exercise the powers of the purse. Prudent and authorized earmarks are an appropriate use of Congressional spending authority and ensure that Congress controls the purse strings rather than continuing to improperly delegate authority to unelected, unaccountable bureaucrats.    I look forward to hearing from all our witnesses today, and exploring how the people's elected representatives might regain more of the power to direct infrastructure priorities to the people's will instead of the will of unelected bureaucracies. I conclude my opening statement, and now I would recognize the Ranking Member from Tennessee, Mr. Cohen, for his opening statement.    Mr. King. I thank the gentleman from Tennessee for his remarks, his opening statement, as it will be introduced into the record.    Mr. King. Without objection, other Members' opening statements will be made part of the record as well. And let me now introduce the witnesses.    Our first witness is the Honorable Michael Mukasey, former Attorney General, Federal judge, and now a counselor at the firm of Debevoise & Plimpton.    Our second witness is David Min, assistant professor of law at the University of California, Irvine School of Law; and our third witness is the Honorable Gary Ridley, the secretary of transportation for the State of Oklahoma.    We welcome you all here today and look forward to your testimony. Each of the witnesses' written statements will be entered into the record in its entirety. I ask that each witness summarize their testimony in 5 minutes or less, and there is a clock in front of you with a green light, amber light, and a red light, which will be pretty obvious, I think.    Before I recognize the witnesses, it is the tradition of the Task Force that they be sworn in. I would ask the witnesses, would you please stand and raise your right hand? Thank you. Do you solemnly swear that the testimony that you are about to give will be the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth, so help you God?    Let the record reflect that the witnesses have attested in the affirmative--you may be seated--testified in the affirmative.    And I now recognize our first witness, Mr. Mukasey, and look forward to hearing your testimony, Mr. Mukasey--General Mukasey.    Mr. King. I thank our Attorney General for his testimony, and now recognize Mr. Min for his 5 minutes.    Mr. King. Thank you, Mr. Min. The Chair now recognizes the Honorable Mr. Ridley for his testimony.    Mr. King. And I thank you, Secretary Ridley, for your testimony--all the witnesses for your testimony, and I will now recognize myself for 5 minutes.    And I would turn first to you, Mr. Ridley, and ask you, if we were to repeal the Davis-Bacon Act, how much impact would that have on your ability to develop transportation in the State of Oklahoma?    Mr. King. Thank you, Mr. Ridley, and those numbers I have estimated it back to 20 percent, but our numbers range in auditing our projects between 8 percent increase and 35 percent increase. The range varies depending on how much materials, how much labor, and what their relative competitive wage is in the area. Thank you.    I turn to Attorney General Mukasey, and I want to pose a question here that you probably have not had an opportunity to digest.    So, it has to do with some legislation that I proposed sometime back--in trying to figure out how we could get back to constitutional, authorized, and responsible earmarks. And so I had introduced in a previous Congress or two--it is called the Cut Act, and as I said, I want to be constitutional about this.    I think it is the constitutional responsibility that we have here in Congress. We should not abdicate this responsibility over to the executive branch of government. And yet, there is a political question also to go back to earmarks in the face of the pressure that is there that is focused on the idea that earmarks were out of control, there were too many, and they were growing pretty fast; means that we want to have public scrutiny.    So, I put it together in this way, that we would set up a bill that any Member of Congress could call up once a quarter, and only once a quarter, that would be a rescissions bill, that could call back earmarks after they had left the President's desk, but before they were expenditures that were obligated. And it would be under an open rule that would allow only for those earmarks to be struck by a majority vote of Congress, and then any Member could bring an amendment to the floor to strike those earmarks.    And so, for example, I was just thinking of one, that maybe it comes out of the Army side--the Cowgirls Hall of Fame--that was an Oklahoma earmark as I remember, so I am teasing our witness just a little. But say there is an amendment to strike the funding for the Cowgirls Hall of Fame. That gets brought up on the floor, it gets voted--the strike of that. The rescission of that funding would be successful, and then a whole series of others: the Bridge to Nowhere, and on and on and on, until there was public scrutiny, public focus, and we had the judgement of Congress always with recorded votes on those things that would strike the earmarks that were irresponsible in the majority of Congress.    Would that be, Mr. Mukasey--or General Mukasey--a method by which we could restore integrity in the constitutional process and also maintain an integrity in fiscal responsibility?    Mr. King. I thank you, General Mukasey, and if the Ranking Member will indulge me, I would like to offer that also up to Mr. Min and see if he would care to comment.    Mr. King. And so it sounds to me that we are relatively universal among the witnesses that restoring responsible earmarks would be a constitutional thing to do that would also restore authority back to Article I and in the legislative branch of government. And would you agree, Secretary Ridley?    Mr. King. I thank you, Mr. Ridley. And I would ask unanimous consent to introduce the Cut Act into the record. And hearing no objection, so ordered.*---------------------------------------------------------------------------    *Note: The material referred to was not available at the time this hearing record was finalized.---------------------------------------------------------------------------    Mr. King. Now, I recognize the gentleman from Tennessee, our Ranking Member, for his opportunity to question the witnesses.    Mr. King. So, we can have our conversation on the sidebar.    Mr. King. I thank the gentleman from Tennessee, who has yielded back, and I thank the witnesses. This concludes today's hearing, and without objection, all Members will have 5 legislative days to submit additional written questions for the witnesses or additional materials for the record.    I thank the witnesses, and I thank the Members and the audience. This hearing is now adjourned.