    Ms. Tsongas. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And welcome.    As you all are speaking, I am reminded of I was a recipient of treatment in a military treatment facility in my early teens, as was one of my sisters. My father was a career officer in the Air Force. And I have always appreciated the great care we received for not insignificant problems. One was in an MTF here in the United States, another when we were stationed abroad. And in both places, we got such great care. So I thank you for that, as a family member. And I am sure, as we certainly hear from our military families, how important that is.    I do have a question related to the fact, the ever-growing numbers of women that are now currently serving in the Active Duty. And I am curious, as this population is increasing, how well able you feel you are able to serve them as they are in this Active Duty status. And are there shortcomings and ways in which we could be more helpful?    And I will start with you, Colonel Heimall.    Colonel Heimall. Ma'am, I think we have had about a 10-year head start on some of the other Federal systems in how we manage women's health. Within Walter Reed, we have a women's health clinic, and there is a range of programs that are available. But we also have the luxury of having an obstetrics and gynecology residency program that allows us to provide a higher level of care for women who are serving, as well as for retirees and the veterans that come to us.    I think one of the gaps that we have right now--and it is a matter of developing it, and we have just started developing the program about 6 months ago at Walter Reed, is a trauma program for women who are suffering from, and men--who are suffering from sexual assault trauma. While trauma is the same from an emotional standpoint, the way we manage that within groups and the therapy we provide really needs a different touch. And so creating an intensive outpatient program for victims of sexual assault is really, I think, a needed service as we go across MTF to MTF.    Ms. Tsongas. Is that a resource issue or an approach issue? How would you define the shortcoming?    Colonel Heimall. I think it is multivariate. It is an issue of recognizing the need, resourcing it, and then making sure you have the people who have the experience to be able to implement the program.    Ms. Tsongas. Thank you.    Would others like to respond?    Colonel Place. Ma'am, I agree. We have had a little bit more experience with this, and as a former operational medicine consultant to the surgeon general, I would say we have even a lot of experience going to war with women, which has, I think, given us some perspectives and some understanding of what those challenges are.    I don't think we have it perfect. I think there are some things that we can do. But I think they are more tweaks to the system rather than big gaps that need resources or major renovations of how we approach women's health.    Ms. Tsongas. And as women go to war, how would you describe the challenges you have?    Colonel Place. So there are a number of things that we look for in terms of hygiene, in terms of privacy, in terms of making sure that we balance security with lighting systems and so forth versus the risk of sexual assault and things like that. There are a number of small factors that come up. But those are things that we have to mitigate the risk against rather than create new programs, I think, from my perspective.    We have a very active women's health service line at MEDCOM that helps us review these things and implement new methodologies. Recently, I will just give you an example from Madigan. An important women's issue is breastfeeding, and we have actually purchased four pods for breastfeeding within Madigan because we didn't have locations that we thought were reasonable and accessible for women to breastfeed in. So we purchased them, we sent them up, had them advertised and so forth. And we are helping the rest of the installation figure out where to put them, how to utilize them to make them effective for our female soldiers as well as for us, the patients that come there.    Ms. Tsongas. And we are glad to see Secretary Carter recognize that this is something that has to be dealt with across the services, not just in the MTF environment but in general.    Colonel Place. Yes, ma'am.    Ms. Tsongas. Would others like to comment? I have just a little time.    Captain Freedman. Congresswoman, we are proud at the Naval Hospital Camp Lejeune to have many initiatives.    We have been designated, applied for and designated as a three-star facility by the North Carolina Maternity Center for breastfeeding-friendly institutions.    We have started a Centering in Pregnancy Program that I talked about in my opening remarks; that, according to the Centering Healthcare Institute, we have the most number of participants in the Nation, not just in DOD , with 27 active groups that are going through this group prenatal care program.    And I am blessed in leadership with a partner, my executive officer, who is also a women's health nurse practitioner, to make sure that we provide care for all our warfighters and their families.    Ms. Tsongas. Thank you. My time is up.