    Mr. Lynch. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And, again, I want to thank the witnesses for participating today.    Ms. Archuleta, you testified before the Senate. Let me ask you at the outset, who is ultimately responsible for protecting the personal identification information of employees at OPM? Or that are covered by OPM, Federal employees.    Mr. Lynch. Okay. So you also testified that no one was to blame. Is that right?    Mr. Lynch. I understand that. I understand that. You are blaming the perpetrators, that those are the people that are responsible. Is that basically what you are saying?    Mr. Lynch. Okay. I can't have repeated the same answers.    Let me just, Mr. McFarland, the assistant inspector general, Michael Esser, testified that a number of the systems that were hacked were not older legacy systems, but they were newer systems. Is that your understanding?    Mr. Lynch. So this isn't the old stuff, this is the new stuff.    Mr. Lynch. Okay. And the former chief technology officer at the IRS and the Department of Homeland Security said that the breaches were found bound to happen given OPM's failure to update its cybersecurity. Is that your assessment, Mr. McFarland?    Mr. Lynch. Yeah. He also, this is a quote, he said: ``If I had walked in there as the chief information officer and I saw the lack of protection for very sensitive data, the first thing we would have been working on is how to protect that data.''    I am concerned as well about the flash audit that you just put out. And your ultimate determination was that you believed that what they are doing will fail.    Mr. Lynch. Okay.    Mr. Lynch. Let me ask you, so very crudely describing this, they are creating a shell, a protective shell. And then we're going to migrate applications in under the shell. And because they will be under the shell, they'll be resistant or impervious to hacking. It doesn't seem like we should have to wait until the last application is under the shell before we find out whether or not the shell is working. Will that give us an opportunity to look at the early stages of this project?    Mr. Lynch. Okay. Do you think that OPM's estimates of $93 million is accurate?    Mr. Lynch. I don't either. It doesn't seem to include the whole migration function where they pull the information in.    Mr. Lynch. Right.    Mr. Lynch. Right. And that's a small fraction of what we are talking about here, right? A very small fraction.    Mr. Lynch. Okay.    I will yield back. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.