    Mr. Meadows. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And, Ambassador Jacobs, thank you for being back with us. It is good to have you here. You expressed your heart the last time that you were here, and I think that was evident, because one of the troubling things I think for parents--and I met one parent yesterday in the hallway coming between the Capitol and back to the offices.    One of the difficult things for a lot of parents is they see other things that the State Department is engaged in, not you, but other things that the State Department, as a whole, is engaged in. And what they have come to the realization, or at least the belief, is that it is not a priority for the State Department to return these children. And because of that, it is very difficult, as a dad, because you empathize with just the thought of not being able to visit or see your children, that priority.    So I am looking forward to hearing from you today on the progress we have made since the last hearing where we had a chance to hear a little bit from your heart.    But I want to put it in the context, you know, when we see the State Department, when we see five GTMO prisoners being traded for a potential deserter, and we see that kind of priority from the administration and we don't see progress here.    What happens is there is this balance that goes out, and I am not trying to be critical of that decision or of your agency. I am just saying there is a natural assumption that says, well, if they would make the same priority for my son or daughter, I would get to see them.    And so I hope that we hear some of that from you today. I do appreciate you coming back and the emphasis that you put on it. And I will yield back to the chairman.    Mr. Meadows. Thank you, Ambassador, for being back with us. And as I go into this, I want to ask just a couple of questions as a follow up of some of the other things that have been mentioned. And I guess for me, when we talk about open cases, and we talk about the breadth of this problem, is it growing, or is that number going down?    Ambassador Jacobs. It is about the same. Now, you have to remember, though, that it is all self-reporting. If somebody doesn't notify us about a case, then we are not going to----    Mr. Meadows. You can't know about it if you are not----    Ambassador Jacobs . We can't----    Mr. Meadows . Notified.    Ambassador Jacobs. Right.    Mr. Meadows. But what you are saying is that we have the same number of open cases. It has been flat.    Ambassador Jacobs. I can get you real numbers.    Mr. Meadows. Which I guess--well, let me ask the logic. If it is staying flat, and what is that number? I mean, about what are we talking about, how many?    Ambassador Jacobs. It is about 1,000 cases that are open.    Mr. Meadows. So if we have about 1,000 cases, and as the chairman was talking about, some of those are aging out and being closed, so we have new ones coming in and I guess the same number going out, that is not necessarily a direct result of successes within your department. Is that--I mean, what percentage I guess is your actions versus just they are growing old or they are closing the case or they worked it out on their own?    Ambassador Jacobs. I would argue that a lot of it is due to our actions. I think that membership in the Hague Convention, even while it is slow and often frustrating, does provide a legal framework and a way to work with countries, both bilaterally and multilaterally, to get their attention and to get them to enforce the Convention.    In a lot of countries, like Brazil, we do work with other countries to present the same message to the Brazilians that we are giving them, and that becomes a strong message. I think laws like ICAPRA also help us, and they are--kidnapping is a crime in the United States, and I think people often look to a civil remedy rather than a criminal remedy, so that if a taking parent is found out of compliance with the law and the child is returned, they would still be able to visit their child in the United States under some circumstances.    So I think that it is a combination of a lot of things, but I think that the Hague Convention remains our best tool for helping to ensure the return of abducted children.    Mr. Meadows. All right. So we have some tools. We have the law that the chairman has referred to, we have, you know, a department that is committed to this particular issue, we have a number of tools that are out there. I am sure you will get to hear from Ms. Walorski here in just a few minutes. How do we, as Members of Congress, come alongside you to make this a priority?    Because I am very sensitive to the fact that you have got a difficult job at the State Department, and there are a number of moving parts. And I try to stay out of that as much as I can, even though it is a passion. But does it require a few Members of Congress getting on the plane and going down? I mean, would that be helpful? Or the next trip that you have that we come in and we show that it is a priority more than we have.    Ambassador Jacobs. I think it would be great if when you all travel that this is one of the points that you raise with foreign legislators and others that you meet. I think it is an incredibly important issue, and we want to be your partner in resolving these cases. So I would welcome that.    Mr. Meadows. But I will say the other side of that, though, Ambassador, is this, that if we had these tools and we never plan to use them, then the threats, or their persuasive power you might say, becomes a lot less because what happens--a lot of these countries don't believe that we ever plan to sanction them. They don't believe that we are ever going to cut off foreign aid. They don't believe that it is really a priority.    And let me go a little bit further, because one of the concerns I have is that when I talk to people in the State Department, regional, bureau, Assistant Secretaries, and people with regional--they don't even know that the problem exists, you know, or so they claim. So I would love you to respond to that.    Ambassador Jacobs. Well, if they don't, then that is a failing on our part, because we have certainly done our best to educate them about the importance of this issue.    Mr. Meadows. All right. So do you meet with them regularly and give them a list of priorities in terms of people--you know, children that have been abducted? Do you have regular meetings with the different regional Assistant Secretaries?    Ambassador Jacobs. I certainly meet with them as necessary. And when there are cases that need to be resolved, I pick up the phone and I call them.    Mr. Meadows. Yes. But if you are not doing that as a part of your regular--here is what happens is you pick up the phone, and it becomes a priority for that day. And if you are not coming back, just like with you getting prepared for this hearing, the fact that you are coming back, I assume that you did a little bit of prep. I mean, I may be surprised, but it is the same kind of thing with the Assistant Secretaries.    And what I am hearing is is, you know, from a--whether it is the Asia Bureau, or wherever it may be, is they are not hearing the priority. And so do we have your commitment that you are willing to start scheduling those meetings in those troubled areas? I am not talking about all over the world, but we know where the biggest source of the problem is. And if you would have those regular meetings where they say, ``Well, gosh, here comes Ambassador Jacobs again. You know, we have got to get some''--it makes it a priority. Are you willing to do that?    Ambassador Jacobs. I certainly am, and we actually have a meeting scheduled with the Western Hemisphere countries on April 22.    Mr. Meadows. Okay. Then----    Ambassador Jacobs. But let me--can I just add one more?    Mr. Meadows. Certainly.    Ambassador Jacobs. Our country----    Mr. Meadows. We are looking for solutions, so you add whatever you can add.    Ambassador Jacobs. Our country officers in Children's Issues speak with their counterparts on the desk, the regional desk officers, every day. So they know, and this message gets carried up. And our Assistant Secretary, our Acting Assistant Secretary, speaks out at the meetings that she goes to with the Secretary. So this is an issue that everyone is aware of. When we know that the Secretary is traveling, we get a point into his briefing book on that country.    Mr. Meadows. But having an awareness--and I am following your words--having an awareness and making it a priority are two different things. I mean, I have an awareness that my feet hurt, but until I do something about it, you know, I mean, and that--and I don't want to continue to press you on this. And I am----    Ambassador Jacobs. Okay.    Mr. Meadows . Trying to take off my oversight and be kind and compassionate about this, because I do know your heart. But I guess what I am saying is, I don't want to have another hearing a year from now and us to have a flatline in terms of the number of cases.    Ambassador Jacobs. And I appreciate that. But let me assure you that for the Secretary, having been a Senator, he knows how important this issue is, as did Secretary Clinton who had also been a Senator. And, you know, they truly care about this issue. And so the Secretary has made it a priority to resolve cases everywhere around the world.    Mr. Meadows. All right. I have----    Ambassador Jacobs. And I promise you that we will hold those meetings, and we will do it regularly.    Mr. Meadows. And if you can just give us maybe every 6 months----    Ambassador Jacobs. I will give you the highlights.    Mr. Meadows. Well, if you will just give us a report of who you have met with and the highlights, that will help us figure out if we need to get other Members of Congress to follow up on it. But thank you so much.    Ambassador Jacobs. Absolutely.    Mr. Meadows. I yield back, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Meadows. Mr. Chairman, if you don't mind, I just--just briefly, I would just like to say to each of you thank you for being here. And I want to apologize ahead of time; I have got to step out for another meeting. It is nothing personal. I will be here just for a few minutes. I do have staff here who will be monitoring it, taking notes, but I didn't want you to think that it was out of a lack of empathy or concern.    I thank you, Mr. Chairman.