    Mr. Pallone. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, for calling today's hearing on post-acute care delivery, and I want to thank all of our witnesses for coming to testify, but especially welcome Dr. Steven Landers from New Jersey who is the president and CEO of the Visiting Nurse Association Health Group.    The Affordable Care Act has put Medicare on a path towards post-acute reform. However, there is still much more that needs to be done. Our committee clearly has a role to play in advancing positive beneficiary-focused reforms related to post-acute care for Medicare beneficiaries. We have a Medicare system right now with misaligned incentives, inaccurately priced payments, and little information on the quality or outcomes of beneficiaries served by post-acute providers like skilled nursing facilities, home health agencies, long-term care hospitals, or inpatient rehab facilities.    In 2013, Medicare spent about $59 billion on post-acute care providers, and I believe that there are viable payment solutions in this sector that are more sensible than increasing costs for beneficiaries of average incomes of only $22,500. What we know is that the quality outcomes and costs of post-acute care has a lot of variation around the country. And as a result of the ACA, Medicare is currently testing a number of payment system reforms that help improve care and outcomes in this area. Meanwhile, the need for post-acute care is not well-defined. Research has shown the similarity of patients treated in different post-acute care settings. A patient being rehabilitated from a stroke or hip replacement can be treated in a skilled nursing facility or an inpatient rehab facility, but in the latter Medicare pays 40 to 50 percent higher than it pays the skilled nursing facility for the same services.    And we do not have any common and comparable data across PAC providers to determine which patients fare best in which settings or even what appropriate levels of care are for patients of various acuity. That is why last year Congress passed the bipartisan IMPACT Act which, for the first time, requires providers to report standardized assessment data across the various post-acute care settings. While there are many interesting policy ideas in this arena, we need to learn from the ACA efforts underway and the data being collected as a result of the IMPACT Act and provide enough time to ensure the models work in a way that doesn't compromise access to high-quality services for our beneficiaries.    Data collected by the IMPACT Act, coupled with MedPAC's recommendations that Congress could do better or could better align post-acute care incentives to better utilize Medicare dollars, should be a useful guide for our efforts. And once we have improved information on post-acute care, I look forward to working with my colleagues on the committee to find policy solutions to ensure that Medicare continues to provide quality and effective health care to our seniors.    I yield back, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Pallone. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And I thank you for having this hearing because I think it is very important.    But, Dr. Miller, I was very impressed with the statements you have made so far because you really have been kind of urging caution in terms of how we proceed. And you have also talked about getting more information from the IMPACT Act, which is what I would like to see before we move ahead with any particular legislation.    I am just going to use an example with my dad. My dad is 91. He has been in and out of hospitals many times and, I guess, my fear in hearing some of the statements that have been made about having a PAC coordinator who is somehow going to benefit, either he or those who he services are going to benefit from some sort of pay back if--depending on where the patient is placed and this idea of just a 4 percent cut overall. These things concern me a great deal.    Let me just give you an example. Many times when my father has come out of the hospital, for whatever reason, we have to make a decision, I say ``we,'' I mean collectively my brother, my father, myself--about where to place him. And that may be that he goes home and he gets home health care, or he goes and gets home health care for a few weeks and then he goes to the outpatient rehab facility or he may go to a inpatient rehab hospital, or he may go to a nursing home. It has often been a combination of those things, depending on what he was in the hospital for and what we think as a family is the best way to deal with that post-acute care.    And a lot of times, those are individual decisions because there is great variation. Sometimes we don't like the inpatient hospital because we don't think they do a good job or we don't like the nursing home that has been proposed because we think it is not a very good nursing home. And I would hate to think that those decisions would be made by some coordinator that I understand you would have input into. But I would be very concerned that those decisions are being made by some, you know, third party who has some sort of financial incentive to make that decision.    So I just think that we have got to be extremely careful with these things because there is such great variation, not only in terms of nursing home versus home health or nursing home versus inpatient hospital, but the individual places. In my opinion, whether I think the nursing home or the inpatient rehab facility is better than one or the other has more to do with it than it does about whether I go to a nursing home, per se.    So, let me just ask you some questions about IMPACT. Given that the Medicare program spent $59 billion on post-acute care in 2013, I am amazed we don't have better information about patient outcome service user quality of care, and it is my understanding that the IMPACT Act will address some of these information shortfalls. You want to comment a little more on that? Does IMPACT think the data gathered as a result of the IMPACT Act will be enough to move us forward? Does Congress need to do more to gather this information? And what is your general feeling about whether we should be getting more information before we make decisions about bundling or cutting Medicare payments?    Mr. Pallone. I know. I can spend the whole day on this because I deal with it every day. I am going to be dealing with it in an hour--as soon as I leave this hearing.