    Mr. Johnson. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. H.R. 2947, the ``Financial Institution Bankruptcy Act of 2015,'' amends the bankruptcy code to establish a process for the expedited judicial resolution of large financial institutions to soften the disruptive effects of their collapse.    I trust the courts and am sympathetic to the notion that a judicial process may be preferable to an administrative process for resolving systemically important financial institutions that present a risk to the economic stability of our Nation, but I'm concerned that the lack of a funding mechanism for H.R. 2947 may make the bill unworkable.    A key difference between an orderly resolution under Dodd-Frank and the resolution contemplated by this bill concerns the proper mechanism for funding the reorganization of the debtor. In a typical bankruptcy case, the debtor's reorganization may be funded by private parties or by the Federal Government as illustrated by the General Motors bankruptcy.    In many instances, liquidity provided by the U.S. Government to prevent the collapse of financial institutions has either returned a profit to the government or is likely to be repaid. The National Bankruptcy Conference (NBC), which includes the Nation's leading bankruptcy scholars and practitioners, explained in a letter to the Committee in June that, ``meeting the liquidity needs of a distressed financial institution is essential to successfully resolving the firm without creating undue systemic risk.''    This critical mechanism has prevented the collapse of several major financial institutions without cost to the taxpayer. It is my understanding that this element does not currently exist in the bill for jurisdictional reasons. Nevertheless, I remain optimistic that the Chair will continue to work across party lines to accommodate these concerns prior to the bill's consideration on the floor.    In addition to these concerns, I would caution the Chair against efforts to combine this bill with legislation that would strike Title II of the Dodd-Frank Act. Such efforts would be unacceptable and would meet strong opposition. As the National Bankruptcy Conference further noted, laws currently in place such as Title II of the Dodd-Frank Act should ``continue to be available even if the bankruptcy code is amended to better address the resolution of systemically important financial institutions'' because ``the ability of U.S. regulators to assume full control of the resolution process to elicit the cooperation from non-U.S. regulators is an essential insurance policy against systemic risk and potential conflict and dysfunction among the multinational components of these institutions.''    Title II of the Dodd-Frank Act also serves as a valuable backstop to the bankruptcy process should this bill become law. Additionally, as the conference has also noted, it is important that financial regulators have a very significant role in the timely resolution of a financial institution regardless of whether by bankruptcy or orderly liquidation.    As the Conference noted, the ``heavy involvement of U.S. regulators would be critical if adverse systemic effects from the failure of the systemically important financial institution are to be prevented or minimized.''    It would be unwise to overlook the expertise of financial regulators who are charged with considering the impact of a resolution on the economy and financial markets in favor of a process that is intended to produce maximum returns to creditors while facilitating the debtor's reorganization.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and I yield back.    Mr. Johnson. Thank you. Mr. Levin, in a letter that the NBC sent to our Subcommittee last month, the conference stated that any amendments to the Bankruptcy Code relating to the resolution of SIFIs should make it clear that regulators retain Title II's orderly liquidation authority despite the pendency of bankruptcy.    Does H.R. 2947 sufficiently ensure that regulators retain their Title II authority, notwithstanding the pendency of the bankruptcy?    Mr. Johnson. All right. Thank you. Can a Subchapter V operate as intended if there is no secured lender of last resort such as the Federal Government?    Mr. Johnson. Thank you. Mr. Hessler, your response to that same question?    Mr. Johnson. Thank you. Mr. Levin, in a letter that the NBC sent to our Subcommittee last month, the conference described several significant concerns. Among them, the NBC stated that under certain circumstances the bankruptcy process might not be best equipped to offer the expertise, speed, and decisiveness needed to balance systemic risks against other competing goals in connection with resolution of systemically important financial institutions and thus Title II of Dodd-Frank should be retained even if H.R. 2947 becomes law.    And as you've stated, it appears that this legislation does retain--or I mean, it doesn't repeal it, so I mean, legislation is retained, but there is an ability of the regulators to assert authority during the pendency of the Subchapter V action. Please describe what types of companies or circumstances might warrant the application of Title II's orderly liquidation authority in lieu of a resolution in bankruptcy?    Mr. Johnson. All right. Thank you, and I yield back.