    Ms. Plaskett. Thank you. Good afternoon.    And I guess if you don't have as many as you need and this committee is concerned with you stopping fraud, they will be very helpful to increasing the budget for the SNAP program so that you can have the funding to be able to enforce it, because although I think the chairman is sincere and, you know, is one of the people who is concerned about the right individuals having this, my concern is that I don't think everybody on his side really thinks that way as well.    I sit on the House Committee on Agriculture and I sit on the Subcommittee on Nutrition, and in the last 17 months we have had 14 hearings on SNAP, 14 hearings on SNAP. And the purposes of those hearings is in my mind being to say why SNAP should be cut back, why it is not effective, why we need to stop this, why we need to stop feeding the people that we are feeding. Why do we need to stop feeding people? I mean, my mother would lose her mind if you denied someone a plate of food because it was painful for you to give it up.    This program, we say, is about lifting people out of poverty, and I think the indictment is on us as a body, this Congress, who has not lifted enough people fast enough as we should. And in turn what is happening I think more often than not is that we have these hearings to indict the people who are recipients of SNAP program, the recipients of those individuals who are still living in poverty.    So we have said that SNAP is a program that we would like to focus quite a bit of our time on for the abuse and the fraud that it has. From the statistics it seems that there is only 1 percent of the 45 million recipients and 1 percent of the money that is going is going for trafficking. Would we like to see that those numbers are corrected? Of course. But we need the funding to be able to do that because are we going to take the funding out of the people that are receiving the money or are we going to add additional funding for the administrative portion? That is the question that I would like to pose on the other side.    You know, and one of the other issues that I am very certain about is it seems that the legislative proposals are really to eliminate the ability of States and territories to request waivers from the strict work requirements already contained in the SNAP laws. And the reason that is a concern is that because there is a chronic rate of high unemployment rate in many of these areas.    We talked about people going to convenience stores rather than going to the big box or the grocery stores. More often not it is because they can't afford to drive to those other places because they live in food deserts. And, you know, it is not that people don't want to work but there are no jobs for them to work. And are we going to keep these time restrictions and cut out the waivers for this so that people now don't have a meal?    The majority of people who are on SNAP are not able-bodied individuals. They are women and children and elderly people who cannot work.    Ms. Dean, do you think elimination of work waivers, especially in high areas of unemployment, would impact--how would that impact on those places that have unemployment?    Ms. Plaskett. Now, when you are a recipient of SNAP and you have the EBT card, can you buy every piece of grocery or every need in your household from that?    Ms. Plaskett. So what are the things that you would not be able to purchase?    Ms. Plaskett. A woman who is a single parent and has a child, have you ever seen instances--because I know I have--of that individual, as my colleague talked about, using the SNAP money to purchase other things, to use it to buy diapers or to use it to buy things that are necessities that we have not as a country been able to supply them the resources to be able to take care of? Have you seen some of the fraud based on that?    Ms. Plaskett. Okay. Thank you. Thank you for the additional time.