    Mr. FLITTIE. Thank you, Congressman Knight and Congressman Valadao. Please allow me to thank you, Congressman Steve Knight, for inviting me to testify in front of the Small Business Subcommittee on Contracting and Workforce. I'm honored to represent the 650 proud employees of AeroVironment in Simi Valley, California.    AeroVironment is a technology solutions provider that designs, develops, produces, supports, and operates an advanced portfolio of unmanned aircraft systems and electric transportation solutions. Agencies of the U.S. Department of Defense and allied military services use the company's electric powered hand launched unmanned aircraft systems extensively to provide situational awareness to tactical operating units through real time airborne reconnaissance, surveillance, and communications.    AeroVironment's electric transportation solutions include a comprehensive suite of electric vehicle charging systems, installation of network services for consumers, automakers, utilities, and government agencies, power cycling and test systems for EB developers, and industrial electric vehicle charging systems for commercial fleets, and unmanned aircraft systems.    With over 25 years of experience developing, supplying, and supporting small, unmanned aerial systems, AeroVironment is a prime contractor and supplier to all U.S. Department of Defense programs of record for this category of unmanned aircraft systems, and has delivered more than 20,000 new and replacement air vehicles to customers in the U.S. and elsewhere.    AeroVironment's family of small U.S. air vehicles includes Raven, Wasp, Puma, and Strike. These backpackable manned portable hand-launched unmanned aircraft systems are carried and used by our armed forces, who frequently operate across large geographic areas, often far removed from their bases, and are dependent mainly on what they carry in their packs or vehicles. They deliver frontline real time situational awareness to increase combat effectiveness and force protection.    By transmitting livestreaming, color, and infrared video from onboard cameras directly to a common hand-held ground control station with an embedded color monitor, AeroVironment's aircraft systems provide real-time information that help U.S. and allied armed forces operate more safely and effectively.    Mr. Chairman, thank you for the opportunity to be here today to discuss the opportunities and challenges of business for the Department of Defense. I'd be happy to answer any questions that you might have.    Mr. FLITTIE. One of the approaches that we do at AeroVironment that we have done historically, is to invest heavily internal research and development funds. Typically about anywhere 10 to 15 percent of our revenue goes back into internal research and development to develop products, improve them, and position them to the point where we are ready to compete.    One of the barriers that we find when we go into these competitions with much larger organizations than we are, is that oftentimes the requirements to compete are that we are required to share our intellectual property that we have developed on our IRAD with other companies to try to level the playing field. That is one of the reasons we used the IRAD to develop this is to bring it to high, what is called, technology readiness levels so that we are prepared to compete, but we also want to retain intellectual property as well as part of that.    That creates a barrier for us because it is seen as an unfair advantage for us especially when we are competing against much larger organizations. We have to be able to share the data rights in intellectual property of things that we developed internally. That is a barrier for us because it is that intellectual property, that intellectual capital that we use to grow our business.    Mr. FLITTIE. Some of the protections that we will seek are traditional ones through patent protection, but oftentimes the protection is just an internal trademark or just protected intellectual property that we do not share. So what we will try to do is we will try to use that intellectual property and their designs in their competitions, and try to restrict it the best we can to be able to compete effectively without having to share it with our competitors.    Mr. FLITTIE. The key things that we have done as a small company, most of the competitions that we compete on, are under the NAICS code for aircraft manufacturing. Companies that are under 1,500 employees or less are classified as small business even though we are much larger than most of my counterparts. We oftentimes compete with the Boeings, the Lockheeds, the very large aerospace companies. We face similar barriers in trying to take the next steps.    The key thing that has helped us be successful. one thing I talked about earlier, is that we have found that to try to compete at the next level, trying to raise the capital as to IRAD or external capital to develop the products, and technologies, or services to a certain level where the Department of Defense is ready to adopt it. For example, they characterize it by, the technology readiness level. If we can get it to a TR level of 5 or 6, then the government is more willing to put in the incremental investment to take it to the next level then to put it out operationally.    We found that to be a very successful model over the years, getting to that level, and then we can compete and win on programs both as prime and as suppliers to win contracts that basically take it to an operational level, to a much higher TR level. That is a strategy that we have used.    We often faced similar things, too, trying to identify the opportunities out there. Some of the barriers that we face are, again, trying to identify opportunities that we can go pursue as a prime because we are oftentimes limited by not being considered large enough or having the capabilities to go to the next level. We are even limited to the prime opportunities, and so we oftentimes are pursuing subcontracting opportunities as well.    Even though we are all different sized small businesses, there are similar barriers as we are all trying to grow to the next level in the Department of Defense.    Mr. FLITTIE. The types of investments we make, I mentioned, are IRAD type investments, like capital, or bid and proposal, the marking costs to pursue. We find that we have to be very selective on the ones that we go after because most of the prime work that we will try to compete for at the next level is against larger aerospace, and they do have larger resources to draw upon. We cannot go and pursue everything, so we have to be selective on the things that we think we can be very competitive on, then develop a good strategy, then deploy our investment resources, and go compete.    The key is being very selective. We cannot go and pursue all the things. Even though we think we would be very competitive on a lot of them, we just do not have the resources to do that, to go be competitive on all of them.    Mr. FLITTIE. I am willing to go. We do find there is a large variation between services and how they approach the federal acquisition regulations and implement them and actually implementing their competitions. They all follow the law, but in how they actually implement them, there are large variances.    We find that a lot of the customers that we tend to pursue are what we call for us early adopter customers. These are like intelligence agencies, NASA, DARPA, organizations that tend to have acquisition strategies that are more rapid and quick to field shorter cycles that are more culturally aligned with the way we try to do business and break in, whereas we see that we need to win those first to have a shot at the more traditional, the longer-term acquisitions because the longer-term acquisitions may go on for 5, 15 years, and to go even go and compete on those.    Those can be multiyear competitions, and so we are in a few of those right now where we have to have a sustained capture strategy investment for two or three years to position to compete on something. Again, you have to be very selective and you have to be very focused to go after that type of business.    Mr. FLITTIE. It is interesting. For our business what we are seeing, that is, that we are saying with Northrop weighing that, that they are potentially abandoning some of their other markets because they want to focus on the long-range bomber and other stuff. There are opportunities for us to potentially move into some other markets and other competitions for things that they traditionally have been in because they are looking to focus on those. Not so much directly, but we are looking to subcontract components or systems on long-range bomber.    But the shift in maybe their emphasis is potentially opening up other opportunities for us to compete, so maybe a different look at that.    Mr. FLITTIE. I would like to make one comment on Mr. Sharkey's comment about the ITAR. A big part of our supply chain in our environment is small business primarily here in the southwestern United States, and we do see that one of the big barriers for them, a supplier to us, is the ITAR controls, on parts that really do not need to be ITAR controlled.    As you know, all the FAR requirements, ITAR, they all have to flow down to the lowest level. We are figuring out a way where we can help even the smaller businesses that we use in our supply chain as well as be able to compete, not only cost competitive, but there are enormous costs associated with being ITAR compliant, all the documentation and things. If there is a way to reduce those burdens on the small business, that is another way to help make them more competitive so they can be part of the broader supply base as well.    Mr. FLITTIE. It is a long, complex thing, but it is----    Mr. FLITTIE. The latter.    Mr. FLITTIE. The latter.