    Mrs. Maloney. I want to thank the chairman and ranking member for calling this hearing, and all of our panelists for your public service.    As one who represents the city that was attacked by 9/11, we lost thousands on that day and thousands more are still dying from health-related causes from that fateful day. But I consider this attack, I call it an attack on our Country, a far more serious one to the national security of our Country.    I would like to ask Mr. Ozment from Homeland Security, would you characterize this as a large-scale cyber spying effort? That is what it sounds like to me. What is it?    Mrs. Maloney. Do you believe it is a coordinated effort? They appear to be attacking health records, employment records, friendship, family, whole backgrounds. It seems to be a large sphere of information not only from the Government, but private contractors, individuals; and sometimes it appears targeted towards Americans who may be serving overseas in sensitive positions. But would you consider this a coordinated effort? Can you answer that or is that classified?    Mrs. Maloney. Okay. Thank you.    Mrs. Maloney. I will be at the 1:00 meeting. Thank you.    Now, I want to refer to this article, and I would like to place it in the record. I think it is an important one; it came from ABC News.    If I could put it in the record.    Mrs. Maloney. It reports that there seems to be looking at and gathering information on an SF 18 form, which is a Standard Form 18, which is required for any employee seeing classified security clearances, so that would be people in important positions in our Government. And I won't ask any questions on it, I will just wait until later at this classified briefing, but I am extremely disturbed.    This article also points out that it is not only individuals that they are going after; they are going after contractors and those that serve the Government. It mentions in other reports Lockheed Martin, where they went after their secure ID program.    Is that true, Mr. Ozment?    Mrs. Maloney. Okay. All right. Then we won't get into that.    But other press reports said that there was Northrop Grumman, L3, that they were hit by cyber attacks, and other Government contractors. Now, one that probably hit Congress is one in 2013, where the FBI warned that a group called Anonymous hacked into the U.S. Army, Department of Energy, Department of Health and Human Services, and many agencies by exploiting a weakness in Adobe systems.    Now, I have the Adobe system in my office, so that means they could have hacked into my office, and probably every other congressional office.    Then they talk about going into healthcare. They go into the Blue Cross Blue Shield system of all the Federal employees. So it seems like they want a comprehensive package on certain millions of Americans, many of whom are serving our Country, I would say at negotiating tables in Commerce, State Department, probably Defense, and every other aspect of American life and the world economy.    But, Mr. Scott, you have been before this committee before and you announced you were going to review the agencies' cybersecurity programs to identify risks and implement gaps. I wonder if you could report on what you learned from this review and any specific changes in cybersecurity policies, procedures, or guidance. If you can report on that. Or that may be classified too. But anything you can share with us on what you have been doing to act to build some firewalls?    Mrs. Maloney. My time has expired, but anything you want to give to the committee in writing, we would appreciate it. Thank you.