    Mr. Connolly. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Welcome to a very large panel.    Mr. Wolf, I want to go back to the beginning to understand the process. So the Wassenaar Arrangement involving 41 countries, a lot of those members come to us saying, will you help? We think we need some kind of expert control over cybersecurity countermeasures. Is that correct?    Mr. Connolly. Right. Right. Normally, the Wassenaar Arrangement involves things, right, defense, goods, and products?    Mr. Connolly. Right. Okay. All right. Would you not agree that, in the terms or--in the context of export controls, controlling things, widgets, is easier than controlling thought processes and methods?    Mr. Connolly. Yes. So different challenge, what we're being asked to do. So you take that--not you, collectively, take that request, come up with something that helps us, because we're worried, your partners in Wassenaar are worried, and you come up with a draft rule. Is that correct?    Mr. Connolly. You submit that rule to public comment, including industry comment. Is that correct?    Mr. Connolly. No. No. I was not asking that question. You did?    Mr. Connolly. I'm just trying to get the sequence.    Mr. Connolly. So let me ask the question. Why wouldn't--because you had to pull the rule. So why wouldn't we have reversed that sequence and sought industry's input before we actually issued a draft rule?    Mr. Connolly. Right. And to your credit, you pulled them?    Mr. Connolly. But I guess I'm a little concerned about the process moving forward, because, okay, this time, we spared ourselves either an embarrassment or a significant, you know, problem. But I'm--I'm looking at something you said, Ms. McGuire. You were talking about the licensing requirement of the rule. And you said, asking a multinational corporation, who is at risk of a cyber attack, to wait months for a license, to be able to test its network defenses, or to receive the latest protections because security providers are hampered from communicating across borders is downright dangerous.    Do you want to comment on that in terms of the process? Again, I fully commend, you know, the executive branch for seeing an error and pulling it. We don't always do that. Good work. But I'm still worried, though, that maybe the process could have been perfected so that we could have avoided even that. Your comment.    Mr. Connolly. Another problem with the process.    Mr. Connolly. That's why I suggested--I mean, I've always been a skeptic about export controls, frankly. I mean, maybe good intentions, but we don't live in that kind of world anymore. And trying to actually contain knowledge, very difficult to do.    I know, Mr. Mulholland--are we Irish?    Mr. Connolly. God bless him. Let's give him an extra--give him an extra little bit of time here.    Mr. Connolly. And let's call it Irish fairness, right?    Mr. Connolly. I couldn't agree with you more.    Mr. Chairman, and I hope the Congress, on a bipartisan basis, will use this and other forums, Mr. Chairman, to explore a radical rethinking of what's in place right now. And it's all well-intentioned, but I just think we're in a new world. And I think we spend a lot of time, and industry is asked to spend a lot of time and money trying to comply with something that is not efficacious any longer.    I thank the chair.