    Mr. Ekin. Ekin.    Mr. Ekin. Chairman Meadows, Ranking Member Connolly, and honored members, my name is Steve Ekin. I'm the director of the Georgia State Agency for Surplus Property, and in that position, I manage the Federal surplus property program for Georgia as well as the State surplus property program for Georgia.    Today, I'll be testifying in my capacity as the current president of the National Association of State Agencies for Surplus Property.    NASASP is a 501 organization whose members are comprised of the 56 State Agencies for Surplus Property; that's the 50 States and territories. And we, essentially, are GSA's agents to the State for surplus property.    The Federal surplus property program is a highly scrutinized Federal program. We routinely review and are audited by not only the Federal Government through GSA but our own State governments and State legislatures. We conduct annual inventories of all of our assets, not just firearms, as well as ensuring adequate security and approval of qualified recipients and compliance to all terms and conditions based on the Federal management regulations. We do this on a daily basis. Discrepancies that we do find must be reported to either local authorities, GSA, and, if advised, to the U.S. Department of Justice and our State's attorneys general offices. So SASP and NASASP take these responsibilities very seriously.    I think it's important to point out--we have talked about the weapons and the amount that have been put out to the local community--it's important to point out that, except the grenade launchers, all of the weapons that we receive at the State level are weapons that can be acquired by the law enforcement agencies in the open market. They are not specifically military weapons.    These law enforcement agencies represent both State, county, and local governments across our counties, including colleges and universities. Some of the folks that get our weapons are small rural departments that require--need these weapons, because it's the only weapons that are available to them to buy in a cost-effective manner. And, conversely, large departments would not be able to acquire large volumes of weapons that we can supply due to cost prohibits.    Over the years the SASP has participated in the GSA program, we found GSA to be instructional and informative and communicative and conscientious. In the beginning, there was a great deal of instruction and education. That continued on a routine basis for years. GSA continues to participate in our annual meetings and provide training to the SASPs. We correspond with individuals SASPs, not just to check up and see how things are going, but in official capacity to make sure that we're complying with all the regulations.    During the short time that we've had to prepare for this hearing, we pulled seven of our top States that were using this program. All of them agreed to the benefits of the program and have voiced the same concerns about the recordkeeping.    Each State has undergone inventory checks with GSA, and the discrepancies that were indicated have been corrected. Things like the numbers and types of weapons not matching between what the SASP received and what GSA still do occur.    NASASP and the State Agencies for Surplus Property stand ready to assist Congress, GSA, and the Federal Government to make changes to the weapons program and improve the program across the board. We'd be happy to meet and provide any other information for this very important matter. Thank you.    Mr. Ekin. For weapons, yes, sir. We're required to.    Mr. Ekin. And this is where we completely agree with the inspector general's findings and GSA recommendations. We get that spreadsheet that is either incomplete or where we have transferred a weapon several times----    Mr. Ekin. For weapons. I don't consider them meaningless, sir, because at the end of my audit, I know exactly where my 416 weapons are that I'm responsible for.    Mr. Ekin. Yes, sir.    Mr. Ekin. We send the same spreadsheet with the information back to GSA, and----    Mr. Ekin. Yes, sir.    Mr. Ekin. I'm not a law enforcement expert. But when we have the agencies send us a letter of intent, where they explain how many officers they have that are post certified, what the equipment is going to be used for, they explained to us grenade launchers would be used for gas dispersal, not explosive incendiary things. So we do require that. And the head law enforcement officer, whether it be a chief, sheriff, whoever it is, signs those documents, and that's what we submit to GSA for them to make the allocation determination.    Mr. Ekin. Only that they're certifying that they have the appropriate training, sir.    Mr. Ekin. But they may have property----    Mr. Ekin. I just wanted to put in that there are those restrictions already. And the State agencies for surplus property, as well as the donees, by the regulations, can't do that for exactly that reason. All the property that we receive at the State level has to either be donated within 12 months, or when we turn it back in or sell it, it's with GSA. GSA does get proceeds of that. So those--it doesn't happen that those items just--we just hold onto stuff for a year and then turn it into profit. Just like our donees have to use it.    Mr. Ekin. Under the current regulations, we would be compensating GSA. GSA conducts the sale.