    Mr. Duncan. Well, thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I had other meetings, and I apologize if I get into something that you have already covered, but I read in our briefing paper that it says non-citizen voting is a criminal offense under 18 U.S. Code Section 611, and a removable offense in INA Section 212, various subsets. But then it is very seldom prosecuted, seemingly, because there are not high-profile people involved in it, and too many prosecutors don't seem to want to prosecute things unless they are going to get some good publicity about it.    Our briefing paper also says the California Secretary of State reported in 1998 that 2,000 to 3,000 of the individuals summoned for jury duty in Orange County each month claimed an exemption from jury service because they were not U.S. citizens. But these individuals were summoned from the voter registration list. It seems to me that if that kind of thing is happening in that one county, this is a much bigger problem than perhaps some people have said here today.    Mr. von Spakovsky, I know you wrote a book about this, I think, at one point. Now, in one of our briefing things it says that voter fraud could be dramatically reduced if Federal, State, and local governments simply share the information they already obtain regarding citizenship status. Do you agree with that? And what would be the No. 1 thing that you think we could do that is not being done now, or should be done that is not being done now?    Mr. von Spakovsky. Require DHS to put in an easily checked system that allows the Secretaries of State, such as the gentlemen here today, to run data comparisons between their State voter registration lists and DHS records, similar to what, frankly, the State of Kansas is already now doing with a number of other States, where they are doing data comparisons to find people who have registered in multiple States.    Mr. Duncan. Well, it just seems a shame to me that this is a violation of Federal criminal law, and a lot of people just slough it off as if it is really not anything too bad, so we are not going to do anything about it.    Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.