    Mrs. Davis. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    Secretary Carter, Chairman Dempsey, thank you both for being here today.    I want to first send our best wishes to the ranking member, Adam Smith. We all know that he has been through a difficult time, and we wish him a quick and a speedy recovery.    I want to ask unanimous consent that we put his remarks and his opening statement into the record.    The Chairman. Without objection.    Mrs. Davis. Chairman Dempsey, this will likely be your last time before this committee. We are probably going to find some excuse to get you back, I am sure.    While I am sure you aren't too broken up about not coming back, we will surely miss your thoughtful discourse and your care of our young service members. Thank you very much, sir, for your service.    And Secretary Carter, I bet you would rather have waited until after the NDAA was complete before coming up and speaking with us, but I think that it presents a great opportunity to help shape the budget during a very difficult time, and your expertise, your insights, are going to be very well received. Thank you, sir.    Sequestration is obviously at the forefront of everyone's minds. But we must also remember that we are still engaged in two conflicts, facing unconditional threats halfway around the world, while still battling suicide, sexual assault, and retention and recruitment issues here at home.    But these are only a few of the discussion points that we face when looking at the budget. We have to look beyond just defense to the entire budget, and we realize that cuts to other portions of the Federal budget will affect the Department of Defense more often than we realize.    It was just yesterday that the secretaries and the service chiefs spoke about of those who consider going in to the service, roughly 75 percent do not meet the requirements today. And we have to be mindful of that, and maybe that is what we call a whole-of-government approach to that particular issue.    We must also ensure that this budget is in line with our national security strategy. We cannot address conflicts around the globe if our strategy is not in line with current threats and our budgetary situation.    We should not be finding piecemeal ways of fixing these problems in our budget, but we really do, and I know the chairman believes in this, rolling all of our sleeves up, and working together in addressing sequestration as a whole.    I look forward to both of your statements here today, as well as the opportunity for an honest and open dialogue. Thank you, again.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    The Chairman. Thank the gentlelady.    Mr. Secretary, again, thank you for being here. Without objection your full written statement will be made part of the record. Please proceed.    Mrs. Davis. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    In line I think with the discussion that we are going to have today, could you go back and be a little more specific in terms of not just the authorities that you need but flexibility? How can we get that best value for the dollar that you were suggesting? What is it that--what is it that the Congress has denied, actually, in terms of that flexibility in the past, and what would you like to see? How can we best work together on that?    Mrs. Davis. That is why you are here.    Mrs. Davis. Is there one particular area that when you make that statement, that you are thinking about, that needs work?    Mrs. Davis. And, General, did you want to comment on that, as well? And flexibility for the service chiefs, I know that there is some concern that Goldwater-Nichols has created some constraints, and perhaps it is time to address those.    General Dempsey. Well, speaking as a former service chief, the service chiefs have been uniquely limited in their influence over the acquisition process in terms of identifying requirements, and then it passes into the acquisition community. You know, neither side is trying to in some way limit the other. But there is no kind of life-cycle responsibility.    So the requirements grow, and the procurement timelines stretch. And I will just give you an example. Many of you in this room probably have an iPhone, iPhone 6, I would imagine. Well, the first iPhone was introduced to the market 8 years ago. So in 8 years, we have got six variations of iPhone. That is not the way we deliver our information technologies.    Mrs. Davis. Thank you.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Go on to other members.    The Chairman. Thank the gentlelady.    Mr. Jones.