    Mr. Koep. Good morning and thank you.    Mr. Koep. OK. Am I coming through?    Mr. Koep. Thank you.    Mr. Koep. Good morning and thank you. Chairman Whitfield, Ranking Member Rush, members of the subcommittee, thank you for inviting me to today. My name is Steve Koep. I am the National Utility Sales Manager at Vaughn Thermal Corporation. We manufacture electric water heaters in Salisbury, Massachusetts. We also manufacture a wide range of water heating and electronic control technologies. I would like to thank the subcommittee for addressing this important issue and for inviting me here today.    Vaughn has been in the business of manufacturing high-efficiency, long-life electric water heaters for electric utility programs for over 50 years. We are an active member of AHRI, and as such, I am here to represent Vaughn but also the other water heater manufacturers who support the legislative effort. That would be A.O. Smith and Rheem and General Electric who are all part of that stakeholder group.    Following the general outline of my written testimony, I would like to touch on some pertinent questions and topics.    First is why the urgency? It has been almost 5 years since the final rule was announced, and it has been 2 years since DOE held a meeting on the proposed rulemaking to establish a waiver process to address the concerns of the electric utility industry. As we have heard, the DOE rule will most certainly cause the erosion of existing demand response resources, resources that by DOE's own admission the country needs and the country wants.    Secondly, why are we all so concerned about this fraction of a fraction of the electric water heating market? While large-capacity residential electric resistance water heaters make up less than 5 percent of the electric water heating market, they are more than 90 percent of what gets installed in utility demand response programs. That is why they are so important.    As you know, the legislation contains the provision for a grid-enabled product classification. I feel it is important to point out that utilities, manufacturers, and public policy organizations, all of those represented here today, all support this legislation. This is as close as we can get to unanimous support on any utility industry issue.    In addition, there is an activation key provision within the legislation that will equate to a very low likelihood of leakage for these products through traditional wholesale and retail channels. In previous presentations on this issue, I have used the phrase, ``change the technology or change the source energy.'' It is fair to characterize the DOE approach as change the technology since efficiency gains will lead to reduced carbon emissions. But it is also true that changing the source energy and maximizing of the renewable input to these appliances reduces carbon as much or more. We need to pursue both strategies simultaneously. It needs to be ``and,'' not ``or.'' We need to change the technology and change the source energy, and by doing so we have the unique opportunity to double the carbon reduction potential in the electric water heating market. That is exciting.    I think it is fair to look at this as a renewable storage opportunity. Again, a phrase that I have used: ``What happens when the forgotten appliance meets the Internet of things? You get the grid-enabled water heater.'' High-speed, two-way communication to this appliance and aggregation on the scale of the Great River Energy Program, which means we have the potential for the largest aggregated interactive thermal battery probably on the face of the earth.    I am sure you are all familiar with the issues of curtailed wind and spilled hydro. In this country we have excess low-cost and no-cost renewable energy that goes for the asking at certain times of the year and certain times of the day. So please remember that electric thermal storage is the low-hanging fruit when it comes to renewable storage and electric storage technologies. ETS storage is \1/10\ the cost of batteries or flywheels.    In summary I just want to touch briefly on the market potential and the potential market impact of grid-enabled water heaters. Within this country there are over 50 million installed electric water heaters in households across the country. Roughly 4 million of those are replaced annually. That money is being spent, that investment is being made on an annual basis. If we could divert or convert 10 percent of the annual turnover to grid-enabled water heaters, that would be 400,000 water heaters a year. That would be like implementing four Great River Energy Programs on an annual basis. But you know, the potential here is very large. And as I said, the investment is being made. We could do this for just the incremental cost of the controls. The tanks are being manufactured and sold and installed every year to replace the water heaters that are failing.    Historically, my personal experience is telling me that timing is everything. So if doing the wrong thing at the right time or any other time isn't going to get us where we want to go, even the right thing at the wrong time doesn't help. We need to do the right thing at the right time, and this legislation is the right thing at the right time. So I want to thank you for the opportunity to visit with you today, and I welcome any questions you may have.    Mr. Koep. Chairman, thank you for the question. Yes, it would. Large-capacity heat pump water heaters in general will be about twice the cost of a large-capacity electric resistance water heater. You add the compressor cost and the installation cost, and it is more expensive by about a factor of two. So it does have a cost impact. The question has also been asked whether heat pump water heaters can be grid-enabled and grid interactive. The technology is taking us in that direction, but you know, in the short term, we are just not there yet. There is important work to do in that area, but right now the grid-enabled large-capacity units are the tools that we need.    Mr. Koep. Well, an 80-gallon heat pump water heater is going to be in the $1,500 range----    Mr. Koep . At retail.    Mr. Koep. I think that an 80-gallon is the small end of the range. Generally with large-capacity units for thermal storage, you will see 100-gallon and we are gearing up to build 120-gallon water heaters. So we are moving in that direction.    Mr. Koep. Well, it has to do with the ability to control the wattage of the element. You know, the finer element control enables a lot of the ancillary services in terms of frequency control and other things that the independent system operators are willing to compensate for. So to the extent that we can control those elements, we can provide these services.    The heat pump water heater with the compressor, we can vary element wattage to the compressor. Turning a compressor on and off in short periods of time shortens compressor life. It is just not a real compatible technology for the fine level of control that we can achieve with elements.    Mr. Koep. Yes. Installation costs with heat pump water heaters are generally higher than electric resistance.    Mr. Koep. On a heat pump water heater in general?    Mr. Koep. I think in the marketplace today there are a lot of incentives for heat pump water heaters, and generally heat pump water heaters are operating at twice the efficiency of electric resistance. So most of our experience is with 50-gallon heat pump water heaters replacing standard 50-gallon electric resistance. And I think payback is less than 5 years.    Mr. Koep. Well, generally, I am saying that there are--as an example in Iowa, there are a number of cooperatives that have $500 rebates on heat pump water heaters. So they are buying down the cost of this technology, and that is what makes the payback period more attractive. In the Pacific Northwest we have seen $900 rebates on heat pump water heaters. But that has helped to make them more cost effective and reduce the payback time. But the fact remains that, you know, trying to control a heat pump water heater for grid-enabled functionality, that has not been worked out yet.    Mr. Koep. And that is the major difficulty.    Mr. Koep. The in-line or instantaneous electric water heating technology at an efficiency level is very high in terms of converting kilowatt hours, you know, to BTUs. But the general consensus is that whole-house applications of instantaneous electric or electric tankless, they cause problems in terms of transformer sizing, demand charges for the home or the business, impact for the cooperative or the utility. Most electric tankless technologies that I refer to as point-of-use are the ones who have the best application because you can run one line to one location and put a point-of-use water heater in for a lavatory or for hand-washing or something like that. But whole-house applications have been problematic.    Mr. Koep. Well, I think heat pump water heater technologies will continue to gain in efficiency. In 5 years, you know, they have moved from 2.0 to somewhere over 3.0 in terms of performance factor meaning that for every kilowatt hour you provide to that compressor, you can move 3 kilowatt hours' worth of heat. So I would say that is probably going to be the major improvement. I don't see a new major technology on the horizon. I think that, you know, the introduction of water heaters to the Internet of things and high-speed,two-way communication to the appliance offer us multiple levels of efficiencies that we can explore. But in terms of raw technology, you know, it has taken us 20, 25, 30 years to get heat pump water heaters into the market.    Mr. Koep. No, I don't have anything to add at this time. Thank you.    Mr. Koep. Thank you for the question. There is nothing that stops a consumer from buying two smaller-capacity water heaters. There is nothing that prevents them from buying a commercial water heater and putting it into their residence.    Mr. Koep. No. This relates specifically to residential. This goes back to the DOE ruling which is specifically for residential----    Mr. Koep. My understanding, there is no law that prevents a homeowner from buying a commercial water heater, gas or electric, and putting it into their residence.    Mr. Koep. A heat pump water heater will cool and dehumidify the space that it resides in because it is pulling heat out of that space and putting it into the tank. There are some ducting options that are being developed for heat pump water heaters that would allow them to pull outside air in and expel, you know, cool air. You know, so the technology is evolving in that direction. But most of the technology that is on the market today does cool and dehumidify the space that it resides in.    Mr. Koep. Well--go ahead.    Mr. Koep. I think that would have been expected, but from what I have seen from the industry numbers, it is still roughly a half-and-half market, that half is electric and half is natural gas. It varies greatly by region. The Pacific Northwest has much more electric water heating. If you go to California, it might be 95 percent gas. There is also a split between rural and urban. Metro areas are usually decidedly more gas water heating because natural gas is readily available.    Mr. Koep. Yes. But on the national average that I have seen, it hasn't moved much from just about a 50-50 split between gas and electric, and that is sustained over the years.    Mr. Koep. The 50-gallon electric is still the most popular size, and you know, it might be 80 or 85 percent of the marketplace. But this is an uncontrolled 50-gallon electric water heater generally not part of a demand-response program or an off-peak program because of the size limitation. On the gas side I think the most popular historically has been the 40-gallon gas, but I think that is moving--both electric and gas seem to be slightly toward larger capacity units because we are building larger houses, and we have more uses for hot water within the home.    Mr. Koep. That is a great question, and we talk about that at the ACEEE Hot Water Forum that they hold fairly regularly. Tankless gas technology was introduced roughly 15 years ago, and they spent a lot of money promoting that technology, and it is just within the last couple years they have gotten about 5 percent market share or now they might be slightly above that. So you know, that concerted effort has garnered them some market share.    Heat pump water heaters as a generally available technology has only been in the market about 5 years, and after 5 years, they are just approaching or have just gone over the 1 percent market share mark. So despite all the best efforts and the money and the promotion and the education efforts, there seems to be a regular schedule for technology adoption by the American public. Nobody is running out to buy the newest water heater. People buy a water heater when they need one.    Mr. Koep. Well, I think the supply chains are beginning to be impacted. A lot of the electric cooperatives and utilities that buy product directly for their programs had preordered in order to put in a stock of qualifying products so that when the rule goes into effect, they would not be immediately impacted. In terms of the manufacturers and the supply chains, they are already making the changes.    Vaughn is a very small manufacturer. You know, the big players in the industry, A.O. Smith and Rheem, you know, they are 80 percent or more of the water heating market with two companies. So you know, their production facilities, you know, they can stop building large-capacity residential, but they will still be building large-capacity commercial units. So the impact will not be that great.