    Dr. Peters. Good morning. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I would like to thank Chairman Smith, Chairman Weber, Ranking Member Grayson, Congressman Lipinski, Congressman Hultgren, and the other distinguished members of the Subcommittee for your invitation to testify here today on this important subject. My name is Mark Peters, and I am the Associate Laboratory Director for Energy and Global Security at Argonne National Laboratory. And, Mr. Chairman, I've prepared a detailed written testimony that I request be submitted for the record, and I'll summarize it here.    Dr. Peters. The history of nuclear energy development in the U.S. is one of cooperation amongst the federal government, its DOE national labs, universities, and industry. The breakthroughs and designs achieved by the scientists and engineers of the national laboratory complex, and Argonne in particular, inform and drive every nuclear reactor design in the world today.    The U.S. continues to be the lead source of innovation globally for the current generation of light water reactors, or LWRs, and small module reactors, or SMRs, as well as leading in regulatory process, independence, and rigor. But a 30 year hiatus in the construction of new U.S. reactor projects has impacted domestic production capacity, investment in technology and innovation, and the domestic supply chain.    The country's leadership in global nuclear energy could be further compromised as the world begins to move beyond the current generation of nuclear reactors to new designs, known as advanced, or generation four, reactors that can address the future challenges of nuclear energy. Other countries are forging ahead with new reactors that, when coupled with advanced fuel cycles, can address long running challenges with nuclear waste management, make significant gains in efficient use of fuel, and operate even more safely than current generation reactors, further addressing lingering public acceptance and confidence challenges.    Without a commitment to advanced reactor technology development and demonstration in the U.S., our country runs the risk of defaulting on the return of 7 decades investment in nuclear SMT and infrastructure. That lead position has allowed the U.S. to become the recognized world leader of efforts to control nuclear proliferation, ensure the security of nuclear materials, and promote safe and secure operation of nuclear power plants. If the U.S. is to ensure its rightful place at the forefront of advanced nuclear energy systems, it will require a new commitment to the type of public/private partnership that led to the creation of our current fleet of light water reactors.    Our national labs and universities continue to work closely with industry to accomplish much of the research necessary to facilitate advanced reactors, but substantial work remains. A new generation of advanced reactors will require refinement and demonstration of new technologies, as well as a test reactor and demonstration test bed for demonstration of advanced reactors. More work remains to be done on advanced fuel cycles and providing options to close the fuel cycle, decreasing the amount of waste that must be stored, and simplifying geologic disposal requirements.    Perhaps no effort better illustrates how cooperation between national laboratories and industry can enable important breakthroughs in nuclear energy than the long running collaboration between Argonne and General Electric, Hitachi Nuclear Energy. This collaboration stretches back to the '50s, in the days when we were working on experimental boiling water reactors in collaboration with GE, and more recently in GE's advanced reactor design known as Prism, which also has its root in this public/private partnership. And Prism was created using principles demonstrated at Argonne's Experimental Breeder Reactor II, or EBR-II, and further refined in the Integral Fast Reactor, or IFR.    With the creation of EBR-II, and the following design of IFR, the march towards continued U.S. leadership seemed inevitable, however, in the 1970s and '80s, a variety of developments coalesced to move the U.S. away from nuclear energy and next generation reactors, and closing the fuel cycle. Today this is buried beneath the fight--rising levels of greenhouse gases in our atmosphere, and once again drive the U.S. to regain its place at the forefront of nuclear technology.    So our vast nuclear energy infrastructure, developed over decades with the combined capabilities of industry and the federal government, is at a crossroads, where existing nuclear reactors are set to be retired over the coming decades. While light water cooled SMRs can serve as a bridge to the next generation of advanced reactors, many issues remain that can be addressed by advance reactor technology. If we wish to charter a way forward towards those solutions, we must once again engage our public and private resources in a new effort to build the next generation of reactors. Much of the technology is developed and demonstrated on a small scale, although substantial work remains. The next logical step is to unify these technical efforts and successfully deploy a test reactor and test bed to demonstrate the advanced reactor systems.    The time we have to demonstrate this technology is short, due to the age of our current light water reactor fleet. Action over the short term is required to demonstrate new technologies by 2030, when retirement of existing nuclear power plants will accelerate. Thank you, and I look forward to answering any questions you might have.    Dr. Peters. Sure. So let me start by saying that the past shows us that, when you look at the worldwide reactors that are operating, U.S. export let to that, and the regulatory process that the U.S. established is also gold standard worldwide, so the past tells us that we can actually export our technologies and our ideas, and have a positive impact, and be a leader. Now, the matter of export's outside of a national labs purview. It's a policy and industry play, but it--past shows that it can work in the future. So I would say it definitely should be looked at very carefully, and I think it does establish international leadership.    But I do want to make the point also that there's a component of this that also is related to the R&D and the necessary infrastructure, because if you--the national labs and university system in the U.S. is world class in the nuclear space, but that--we have it now, but if we don't continue investing, we'll lose that capability, and that's an important part of getting that seat at the table. Having that world leading S&T capability is very important. So, from the labs' and universities' perspective, that continued investment--but getting on the path of research, development, demonstration, and ultimately deployment domestically can't do anything but help international leadership.    Dr. Peters. The NRC has a broader framework, but they have a set of general design criteria and detailed regulations that are focused on light water reactors, pressurized reactors, and boiling water reactors. So if we're going to move forward with licensing advanced reactors, we have to go and develop general design criteria, to license those machines.    Now, there is an effort already funded by DOE working with NRC, and the labs are supporting that, but it needs to be scaled up, let's say, in terms of budget, and also accelerated if we're going to actually license these machines.    Dr. Peters. Morning, Congressman, thank you for the question. So we at Argonne continue to have strong capabilities, broadly speaking, in advanced reactor design and analysis, fast reactors in particular, but also a broader set of expertise that also supports light water reactor sustainability, and also thinking extensively about potential fuel cycle options, either repositories, or closing the fuel cycle.    So we have that broad set of capabilities, where we also are working very closely with our sister laboratories, in particular Oak Ridge National Lab and Idaho National Laboratory. So we're spending a lot of time, as three labs, working with DOE, in cooperation with DOE, to ensure that the labs are working together strategically, not--and complementing each other, and so I think that's a very healthy conversation, and it's ongoing, and it's been very positive.    But our strategic interests, we really think it's important--our primary role would be to really think about what's the next set of systems that we--one would develop, demonstrate, and ultimately commercialize, both in the fuel cycle, as well as reactors for electricity. And then also, using our foundation in nuclear to also be a part of the technical basis for securing safe and secure operation worldwide as nuclear expands.    Dr. Peters. The lab--thank you for the question. And the history of the lab has been that we've been deeply committed to these partnerships, and that's an important part of it, but currently the Department of Energy is making it very clear that they value the labs working in cooperation with industry, so that's really, really important. So I know the work of this Committee on thinking about how we continue to enhance tech transfer, I'll call it, from the labs to industry. Those conversations are very healthy, and very important.    Again, DOE is deeply committed, but I think we can always continue to talk about it, and continue to explore ways to become more efficient. But from the labs perspective, you know, we do basic science, we do applied science and technology, but ultimately, regardless of timeframe that it takes, the research has to ultimately have an impact, and that means getting out to industry, into the market, and improving peoples' lives. So that's at the highest levels of commitment that the labs have, and I think the DOE shares that. They do share that commitment, and I know you do as well.    So continuing to just look at the detailed processes, and continuing to figure out how to become more efficient, and align the values of industry with the Federal R&D infrastructure are just vital.    Dr. Peters. Good morning, Congressman.    Dr. Peters. So, on the first question, in my testimony I referred to a test bed, and actually I think it's very similar to what you're referring to in the legislation. And Dr. Parmentola used the user facility model as a way to have the conversation, and I agree with him. You can set up a facility--a set of facilities that provide the ability to test and demonstrate advanced technologies, and do it in such a way that you could either do it in a pretty competitive, more open sense, or you could actually have aspects of it where industries actually bring in resources in doing proprietary work as well. We can--we do that, as you know----    Dr. Peters. --at the existing scientific facilities, like the advanced photon source. There's a model for that. So, to me, I think there's a lot--I agree with Dr. Parmentola, that translates. So there's a lot to be done to define what this test bed would look like, and that would have to be something the labs, the government, universities, and industry work together to define the requirement set. But I think they would be able to push us ahead in a way that you're not necessarily picking a winning concept, but there's a test bed there for all to come test their concepts, demonstrate their concepts, and ultimately that will then lead to what makes sense in the market.    Dr. Peters. On your second question, so--specifically I had addressed the Chairman's question earlier on the NRC. Specifically, there's activity already going on between the DOE and NRC that the labs are supporting, our lab and a few other labs are supporting, to develop general--what we call general design criteria. So looking at advanced systems, like a high temperature gas reactor, or a sodium fast reactor, for example, and developing detailed general design criteria that one would use that would inform the regulatory basis going forward.    So, we know what needs to be done. It's more a question of what's the priority, because right now the NRC is, understandably, completely focused on regulating the existing fleet, and also watching the new construction of some of the Gen Three plus reactors in the southeast. But the--we know what we need to do. It's just a question of if we want to get to these advanced machines in a more timely manner, we just have to increase priority on the effort.    Dr. Peters. Could I make an--is that okay, Mr. Chairman?    Dr. Peters. Morning, Congressman. So I would say you're aware of the various analyses tools that are done by the various parties that are out there, as you said already in your remarks. And you have the DOEEIA does projections, and then, of course, all the various advocacy groups do their own projects, as you pointed out. And now you have a QER and a QTR that the DOE's doing that I think are important steps.    My observation would be that I think you're on the right track, because I think we haven't yet gotten to where we have an objective set of tools that can think about advanced technology, and technology insertion, into the discussion. At least I am not aware of very many robust objective tools put there.    So, to me, if we're going to sit here and talk about important things like fusion, and Generation IV fission reactors, they're at various stages in their TRL level, right? And I think we could probably model that. We could understand that and model it, but we're not really doing it in a comprehensive way, looking at the whole energy system. So I think there would be a place for that kind of analysis. I am not aware of a robust objective program that's going after it, though.    Dr. Peters. Right.    Dr. Peters. Right.    Dr. Peters. Right. Yeah, and it would be--complex--labs, universities. It would be a--quite a big undertaking, but very informative, I think.    Dr. Peters. Thank you, sir.    Dr. Peters. I'm not an economist, but I would say that the current state of nuclear energy vis-`-vis the role of natural gas and that, the role of deregulation, et cetera, is having significant impact on the economics of nuclear reactors as they currently operate, and also as currently envisioned to be built in the next, say, decade. But I would say uranium's abundant. There's plenty of it. I mean, we don't need to mine it, because we can still use uranium that's been mined decades ago. As part of various proliferation programs, we can get uranium. So part of it is that there's hundreds of years of uranium. So one of the interesting questions would be, why recycle? It's hard to make an argument to recycle just based on uranium reserves, because there's plenty of it.    So I--you're asking a very complex question, but I would say the economics in 2050 that would drive what the energy system looks like are going to be very different than they are today.    Dr. Peters. Germany buys nuclear electricity from France. That would be one point that I would make.    Dr. Peters. So while Germany's made certain--I am not going to go any further than. So, from my perspective, setting aside that maybe I mixed metaphors--thanks for the feedback, I would say that we've invested, as a country, in unbelievable nuclear capabilities, and if we do not move forward with the next generation of technologies, that's going to erode. It's eroding slowly, and if we don't invest in the labs and universities, and the next generation, we're going to be sitting here a couple decades from now with no capability, and absolutely no seat at the table.