    Mr. FRIEDMAN. I appreciate your efforts to reach out to the manufacturing community in New York. I thank you on behalf of every member, every participant on this panel.    I am the director of the Pratt Center for Community Development, which provides research, and urban planning, and economic development services in low-income communities and to small businesses through the city. I am also the chair of the Urban Manufacturing Alliance, which is a network of about 350 economic development practitioners in 100 cities across the country, all committed to sharing research, to collaborating and program development, and to try and articulate the urban perspective in the debate around economic development policy, particularly industrial development.    I hope you all have the Power Point presentation, so let's s just go to the first pie chart, which is on page 2, and this kind of says why we do it. It's because of the jobs that manufacturing brings. I'm sorry, it's at page 1 for you all, and it's that pie chart. What it shows is manufacturing is still the best way to get a decent, well-paying job, particularly for people who have limited levels of educational attainment.    Mr. FRIEDMAN. Okay, thank you. So the top of the second page you have this chart, and this really picks up on something that the chair said earlier. Urban manufacturing is small business, but large job numbers. In New York City, for example, the average manufacturer employs only 15 people.    Let's go to the bottom of that page, the urban manufacturing challenges. Sometimes I'll be meeting with a manufacturer, and I feel like saying to him something like, run, save yourself, you know? This is a crazy place to do business. Your neighborhood can be rezoned at any point. You have crumbling infrastructure and tremendous conflict for land. Third, even if your neighborhood is not rezoned, it could be converted to a vintage clothing store. There's tremendous pressure on manufacturers in New York City.    At the beginning Congresswoman Velazquez said there are normal anxieties that manufacturers face, and there are these problems that are kind of unique to urban areas, and they should have an influence on the program design that we'll talk about later.    If we go to the next slide about the rebirth of urban manufacturing, this is how it's done. You know, we have lost the large companies like Farberware that made pots and pans and Swingline that made staplers because they were large commodity products. They didn't have a real reason for being in a city, let alone New York City. But what's left here are the high value added producers that have a reason for being here because of proximity to market, proximity to the design talent, to a highly skilled workforce. On today's panel I think we have some great examples of how the competitive advantages of a city can really work for a manufacturer.    Let's look at some of the advantages that we have, the next one on high-tech manufacturing. I want to say at the outset technology is not the only way to create high value in a product. But high-tech advanced manufacturing is overwhelmingly concentrated in urban areas around the country. This is data gathered by Brookings Institute, and 95 percent of all the advanced manufacturing in the United States is in urban areas.    The second reason for the rebirth of urban manufacturing is cities are the centers of innovation. This is the graphic with the map of the United States. It's number 7 I think. So in addition to technology, design is often critical, and cities are where the universities are. For example, in New York City, New York Schools each year award 4,000 degrees in design and architecture. That is a tremendous economic engine. In addition, universities are increasingly the launch pad for entrepreneurs. At University of Cincinnati, first batch graduates of a design department apply to be in this incubator, and not only are they launched, but they are hooked up with local manufacturers so that the jobs that are created are created locally.    The last slide on the rebirth of urban manufacturing, 8, which is changes in technology benefit cities. It's not only that we have new micro technology, like 3D printers and CNC equipment which is shrinking factories, it's also how that technology is organized. We have co-location, co-working spaces which Bob Bland can talk about because that's what MANUFACTURE New York is.    In addition, we're seeing a growing amount of space sharing and operations like Tech Shop, which is kind of a gym model, which for about hundred dollars a month, you go in and you can have access to equipment in a factory. The barriers to starting up are far less than ever used to be.    Thank you. Slide 9, the emergence of micro manufacturing, this is the result. We have manufacturers that employ one people, two people, and that's what growing in the United States. The congresswoman mentioned the Brooklyn Navy as a great launch pad for companies, and we'll hear more about that today. The secret to their success is that they're a nonprofit, and because they're mission driven and because they're not going to convert their space to a different type of use, companies have the security to invest, to train their workers, to build a network, to build relationships with the surrounding community.    This is not unique to New York. This a national movement. It's true in San Francisco. It's true in Indianapolis. It's rising up across the country.    Let me go to the last slide on Federal policy. There's a need to sort of retool the traditional Federal policies and programming that's been used to support manufacturing. So start with, for example, new market tax credits, it's increasingly difficult to use in urban because of the restrictions on eligibility for certain census tracts. You get one market rate housing project in a census tract, bam, you know. The entire census tract is ineligible. Arguably, these are exactly the locations where manufacturing should be taking root to prevent gentrification.    Second, industrial development bonds. The caps haven't been raised in years, and that money just does not go very far in urban areas. Really what's needed is a scan across Federal programming to weed out sort of the provisions that are kind of obsolete and that work against urban manufacturing.    Two final points. I have met with easily a thousand manufacturers over the past 20, 30-odd years, and I've been on a thousand shop floors. I can count on one hand the time a manufacturer has said to me cut taxes and I'll create jobs. Not the issue. At least not the issue for high value added manufacturing. They're concerned about infrastructure. They're concerned about education as the chair said at the beginning. They're concerned about getting their product to market. It's return on investment that's important, not just simply cutting costs.    The last point I wanted to make, because it's kind of counterintuitive, has to do with if you want an entrepreneurial society, you have to provide healthcare. I'm on an advisory board for Etsy, and I was at a meeting a couple of months ago, and the subject came up. So here's an entire massive organization devoted to launching new businesses. How can you launch a new business? How can you put your family at risk by walking away from a company that provides healthcare and start your own enterprise? So we've got to figure out some way to make healthcare more accessible, even beyond what it is today. Make it universal if you really want to have an entrepreneurial society.    Thank you.    Mr. FRIEDMAN. In determining whether or not a project is eligible for new market tax credits, they look at the Census tracts and the income population in the Census tracts, and I think it is increasingly targeted to highly distressed communities.    Mr. FRIEDMAN. What has happened, in part because it is a reflection of the density in cities, if you have a small housing development that is market rate, it will skew the income for that neighborhood so that it knocks out the entire Census tract and everything sort of in proximity to it because there is a boundary. It is not only your Census tract. It is the adjacent tract.    Mr. FRIEDMAN. Yes, for industrial projects. Our resources are scarce, and we recognize that, and we have to figure out how to use it more effectively. Certainly beyond the industrial development side, yes.    Mr. FRIEDMAN. I think there is a tremendous network of economic development organizations and professionals out there. I think Mike is on the board of----    Mr. FRIEDMAN. One is an expansion of something you are already doing now having to do with support community colleges.    Mr. FRIEDMAN. Not just growing support for community colleges, but also shifting to an apprenticeship model or providing additional funding for apprenticeships. One of the things that companies often say to me is that they would prefer to do the training themselves. Because manufacturing is essentially small business, the diversity of skills is tremendous. If we move towards kind of a lifelong learning model using apprenticeships, I think that would, you know, allow for the diversity in the sector, and yet create, you know, a stream of skilled workers.    Mr. FRIEDMAN. Sure. I am not sure I can offer the big answer there.    Mr. FRIEDMAN. But to bring something together that I think a bunch of us have talked about is how to co-locate different types of services. Workforce development and education is always the odd man out, and maybe that is a function of funding streams that is distinct from economic development. There is a tremendous silo between our economic development organizations and our workforce and labor organizations.    One of the things that Pratt is working on with the Brooklyn Navy Yard, with City Tech, with the Board of Ed, Department of Education, is to co-locate a whole bunch of those facilities in the Brooklyn Navy Yard. We are in proximity to a number of NYCHA developments. So the idea is to make it as absolutely seamless as possible.    Businesses, residents, they do not know who they are getting services from half the time, nor should they, you know. They should not have to have that skill. We want them to be good at their business. We want them to be good in high school. Pratt Institute already brings about 200 students to campus every Saturday to do STEAM education, and we are trying to link that moving forward with a CTE school that would be located at the Brooklyn Navy Yard so that you can get a real seamless integration of training, and resident employment, and business development.    Mr. FRIEDMAN. Let everyone know that we did not conspire before this meeting in any way to answer that question. There is a tremendous role, and we are at the very, very beginning. It is sort of like the shared economy comes to manufacturing. There is under capacity in a lot of factories, and so the issue is how can we begin to have different companies use the same factory. That is an app, you know. That is what Uber does. That is RB&B does. So there are those opportunities.    Beyond that, we also run the Made in NYC initiative, which is a local branding campaign to drive consumer traffic to local manufacturers. To be honest, it is has been a shoestring operation. We got funding for the first time from the New York City Council, which is really allowing us to ramp that up. What we will be having is a social media campaign to attract consumers, to educate them about what is made locally, and then to get them to go to everyone's websites and buy directly from local manufacturers.    Ms. BLAND. Are you talking in reference to Made in NYC, or just in general?    Mr. FRIEDMAN. Or fashion in general.    Mr. FRIEDMAN. We are not there yet.    Mr. FRIEDMAN. The honest answer is over the next year and a half, we hope to be doing a lot of that in New York City. We are one city, you know. San Francisco is very advanced in that, and if you go to sfa.org, they have a real inventory of what is available. There is still much more opportunity for networking.    Mr. FRIEDMAN. Thank you.