    Mr. Gowdy. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Director, thank you for your service to the country.    And I do appreciate your acknowledgment and that of my colleagues of the difficulty in reconciling competing binary constitutional principles like public safety, national security, and privacy. And I confess upfront: my bias is toward public safety.    Because of this loosely held conviction I have that the right to counsel, the right to free speech, the right to a jury trial just isn't of much use if you are dead, so I reconcile those competing principles in favor of public safety.    And my concern as I hear you testify is that I have colleagues and others who are advocating for these evidence-free zones. They are just going to be compartments of life where you are precluded from going to find evidence of anything.    And I am trying to determine whether or not we as a society are going to accept that, that there are certain--no matter how compelling the government's interest is in accessing that evidence, we are declaring right now this is an evidence-free zone; you can't go here no matter whether it's a terrorist plot--and I am not talking about the Feng case. That's a drug case. The case the magistrate decided yesterday in New York is a drug case. Those are a dime a dozen.    National security, there's nothing that the government has a more compelling interest in than that, and we're going to create evidence-free zones? Am I missing something? Is that how you see it? You just can't go in these categories unless somebody consents?    Mr. Gowdy. Well, I love privacy too, but I want my fellow citizens to understand that most of us also, in varying degrees, also love our bodies and the physical integrity of our body. But since Schmerber, the government has been able to access orders for either blood against the will of the defendant or, in some instances, surgical procedures against the will of the defendant.    So when I hear my colleagues say, have you ever asked a nongovernment actor to participate in the securing of evidence, absolutely. That's what the surgeon does. If you have a bullet from an officer who was shot in a defendant, you can go to a judge and ask the judge to force a nurse or surgeon to anesthetize and remove that bullet. So if you can penetrate the integrity of the human body in certain categories of cases, how in the hell you can't access a phone, I just find baffling.    But let me ask you this: If Apple were here--and they are going to be here--how would they tell you to do it? If there were a plot on an iPhone to commit an act of violence against, say, hypothetically, an Apple facility, and they expected you to prevent it, how would they tell you to access the material on this phone?    Mr. Gowdy. So Apple, on the one hand, wants us to kind of weigh and balance privacy, except they have done it for us. They have said at least as it relates to this phone, we've already done that weighing and balancing, and there is no governmental interest compelling enough for us to allow you to try to guess the password of a dead person's phone that is owned by a city government. There's no balancing to be done. They have already done it for us.    I would just--I will just tell you, Director, in conclusion: We ask the Bureau and others to do a lot of things, investigate crime after it's taken place, anticipate crime, stop it before it happens. And all you are asking is to be able to guess the password and not have the phone self-destruct. And you can go into people's bodies and remove bullets, but you can't go into a dead person's iPhone and remove data. I just find it baffling.    But I am out of time.    Mr. Gowdy. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Now, Mr. Sewell, you just mentioned a balancing. Can you give me a fact pattern where Apple would consent to the magistrate judge's order in California?    Mr. Gowdy. No, I'm asking for a fact pattern. You mentioned balancing. I want you to imagine a fact pattern where you balance the interest in favor of what the Bureau is asking you to do as opposed to your current position. Give me a fact pattern.    Mr. Gowdy. I thought that's what we were balancing is public safety versus privacy. You also mentioned the First and Fifth Amendment. Can you give me a fact pattern where Apple would consent to the order of the magistrate judge?    Mr. Gowdy. Perhaps I'm being ambiguous in my asking of the question. Can you give me a fact pattern where you would agree to do what the Bureau is asking you to do in California, whether it be nuclear weaponry, whether it be a terrorist plot? Can you imagine a fact pattern where you would do what the Bureau is asking?    Mr. Gowdy. Yes.    Mr. Gowdy. Yes.    Mr. Gowdy. So there is no balancing to be done. You have already concluded that you're not going to do it.    Mr. Gowdy. There is an order.    Mr. Gowdy. I'm glad you mentioned the order in New York. That's a drug case. You would agree with me the analysis in drug cases is very different from the analysis in national security cases. And even if you didn't agree with that, you would agree that in footnote 41, the magistrate judge in New York invited this conversation about a legislative remedy, which brings me back to Chairman Sensenbrenner's question: Where is your proposed legislative remedy?    Mr. Gowdy. Well, then how will we know whether or not you think it strikes the right balance if you don't tell us what you think?    Mr. Gowdy. Well, let the record reflect I'm asking you for it now. I would like you to tell us what legislative remedy you could agree with?    Mr. Gowdy. Can you give me one? I don't know whether Apple has a lobbyist. I suspect that you may have a government relations department, possibly. Can you submit legislation to Chairman Sensenbrenner's question that you could wholeheartedly support and lobby for that resolves this conundrum between you and the Bureau?    Mr. Gowdy. Well, but, see, Mr. Sewell, we draft it and then your army of government relations folks opposes it. So I'm just trying to save us time. The judge in New York talked about a lengthy conversation. Sometimes circumstances are exigent where we don't have time for a lengthy conversation. So why don't we just save the lobbying and the opposing of whatever, Cedric Richmond or Hakeem or Luis and I come up with. Why don't you propose it? Tell us what you could agree to?    Mr. Gowdy. The legislative process or the debate process?    Mr. Gowdy. Will you submit legislation to us that you could live with and agree with?    Mr. Gowdy. Well, how long is the debate going to last?    Mr. Gowdy. Well, let me ask you this: You mentioned the First Amendment, which I found interesting. Are you familiar with voice exemplars?    Mr. Gowdy. No. Voice exemplars are ordered by courts and judges for witnesses or defendants to actually have to speak, So a witness can see whether or not that was the voice that they heard during a robbery, for instance. Because you mentioned you have a First Amendment right to not speak. What about those who have been immunized and still refuse to cooperate with a grand jury, and they are held in contempt and imprisoned? So there are lines of cases where you can be forced to speak.    Mr. Gowdy. I'm just asking you whether or not you agree that there are exceptions?    Mr. Gowdy. All right. How about back to the Fifth Amendment, because I'm out of time. Really quickly, the Fifth Amendment, you say you're being conscripted to do something. But there's also a line of cases where folks are conscripted to perform surgical procedures, or cavity searches or other things I won't go into in mixed company, where they are looking for contraband. So that's a nurse or a doctor or an anesthesiologist that is conscripted by the government, you would agree?    Mr. Gowdy. Here's what I'll do. I'm out of time. I'll get you the cases I'm relying on, if you'll help me with the legislative remedy. Deal?    Mr. Gowdy. Deal. Thank you.