    Mr. Johnson. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And thank you, gentlemen, for your service.    The U.S. PAC Command has given authorization in the fiscal year 2016 NDAA's South China Sea initiative to build our maritime security in the region and improve the domain awareness of our partners in the region. In your opinion, does this authority need to be expanded, and if so, what changes would you like to see made?    Mr. Johnson. Thank you.    General. Anything you would add, General?    General Scaparrotti. No, sir. Thank you.    Mr. Johnson. All right. Thank you.    Admiral, you mentioned in your testimony PAC Command's need for enduring cyber capability in the theater. Cyber warfare is undoubtedly a growing aspect of modern warfare and something we must strive to be ahead of as much as possible. Would making USCYBERCOM a combatant command like CENTCOM help funnel focus and funding to a vitally important aspect of this new theater of warfare?    Mr. Johnson. Would you pull that mike closer.    Mr. Johnson. Do you have any thoughts on how Congress can be effective in helping bring that about?    Mr. Johnson. Thank you.    General, anything to add?    General Scaparrotti. No, sir. I agree with Admiral Harris. I know it is under discussion now. And I think the DOD, as he said, is considering that, and it will be handled in a normal process.    Mr. Johnson. Thank you.    Admiral, considering Vietnam's claims in the Spratly and Paracel Islands and rising patriotism in Vietnam, and animosity towards China resulting from the 2014 oil rig standoff, and Hanoi becoming the eighth largest arms importer from 2011 to 2015, a maritime dispute between China and Vietnam in the South China Sea has perhaps the greatest possibility for becoming a flash point in the region.    However, in recent public discussions on the issue of the South China Sea, it has been surprising to understand the dearth of information on our engagement with Vietnam. Most of the focus has been instead on our defense treaty with the Philippines and their arbitration case. Moving forward, do you see a place for increased bilateral dialogue between the U.S. and Vietnam, and if so, what developments would you like to see?    Mr. Johnson. All right. Thank you.    Anything to add, General?    General Scaparrotti. No, thank you. Thank you, sir.    Mr. Johnson. Thank you.    I yield back, Mr. Chairman.    The Chairman. Ms. McSally.