    Mr. Johnson. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Assistant Administrator McCabe, I'm incensed and I think the American people are incensed, and I'm certain that the people that I represent in Eastern and Southeastern Ohio are incensed at the logic that's being used by the EPA as it addresses the concerns around employment. The logic that seems to be applied to coal regions of the country where we've got communities of 1,000, 1,500 people that are all coal miners, and such, that they can just plant seeds like a seasonal garden and all of a sudden industries and new job opportunities might crop up. The logic that the EPA is using in their rationale, I certainly understand it because every time a new Government regulation by the EPA comes out, new offices are stood up, employees are hired, and the Washington bureaucracy grows ad nauseam. It happens like that at the expense of the American taxpayer.    I'm concerned about that, and if you look at page 47 of the Clean Power Plan, and the heading that reads, ``Addressing Employment Concern,'' on page 47 your agency states, ``The EPA encourages States in designing their State plans to consider the effect of their plans on employment and overall economic development to assure that the opportunities for economic growth and jobs that the plans offer are realized. To the extent possible, States should try to assure that communities that can be expected to experience job losses can also take advantage of the opportunities for job growth or otherwise transition to healthy, sustainable economic growth.''    You're obviously not familiar with Appalachia, Ohio, and rural America, and how these rules will affect places like that. So, I'm trying to understand what you mean by economic development. You're asking States to prematurely retire and replace existing plants with new energy infrastructure, and then claim this as a net benefit for jobs and economic growth. This is like breaking a window and then claiming the spending on the replacing of that window as a net benefit. So, what would the EPA do if a State chooses to show it could use the funds that the EPA wants it to spend on replacing perfectly good and reliable energy infrastructure by putting those funds toward a more productive economic use?    Mr. Johnson. I've heard that, Assistant Administrator McCabe. That incenses me even more. You work for the President of the United States, who was elected by the American people with a mandate to care for all of the American people. For the EPA to blindly like a mule going down a furrow say that we don't have to look to the right and the left, and our job is to keep the air clean, or job is not to consider the economic viability of the communities that we're affecting, that is not only irresponsible, it is incomprehensible that an agency in the United States Federal Government would do that to its own people. So, I'm not even going to engage in that dialogue because it doesn't make any sense.    Mr. Johnson. I'll give you----    Mr. Johnson. Quickly.    Mr. Johnson. All right. Let me ask you a specific question. If that's what the President really believes, and that's what Administrator McCarthy really believes, and if that's what you really believe, tell me what you're going to do in Beallsville, Ohio, when you shut down that coal mining operation that employs about 1,500 people. Tell me what you're going to do to establish a new industry there and create economic growth.    Mr. Johnson. No, it's not a conversation. It's not a conversation that needs to be had. A conversation is not going to put food on the table, clothes on the kids, pay for school supplies. A conversation is not going to solve this problem. And I don't understand how you folks in the administration do not see the devastating impacts that it's going to wreak on--you know, I'm totally off my questions, Mr. Chairman, but I'm just so incensed by the answers to these questions. And I've extended my time, and I apologize. I yield back.