    Mr. Joyce. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. You had just answered some of the questions I had and while I was listening to this discourse of other questions that were asked, I would like to follow up on the distinguished gentleman from Florida, Mr. Rooney's question about bringing your extensive business experience to the Department of Veterans Affairs.    What can Congress do to help you?    Mr. Joyce. I appreciate that and following up on his questions, too, it would seem to me from my visits that we have legacy systems that are putting band-aids on a system from the 1970s.    Would it make more sense to start a system that is 2017 and start working towards that one and eventually discard the legacy system? Wouldn't there be some cost benefit to that?    Mr. Joyce. And I wish we would continue to discuss the ways we can help you get to where you need to go. Because it is important, and Madam Under Secretary, you brought up where you had a strong Irish voice--keep it up.    I know the frustration as a D.A. of 25 years, then you get to Washington, D.C. and it operates completely different and you wonder where you are sometimes. But there are ways to streamline the process, and it seems, we're in trouble because of the antiquated system and that is just not acceptable. And the other thing--you had answered it in the last question too--as D.A.s, and I know with friends who are doing the same thing, I tell you it breaks your heart when you have to exercise prosecutorial discretion because veterans do something so they can get put in a place where they receive three squares and a roof over their head.    It is wrong and I know you have many programs to address that. But whatever we can do to make sure not one veteran is homeless, please be loud, be clear, and let us get that help to you.    Mr. Joyce. Thank you very much for your time here today.    I yield back.    Mr. Joyce. I thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I thank you both for being here.    I would like to follow up on the ranking member's comments, though, I think it would be critically important to have some understanding of what took place there so that you can advise and counsel that it doesn't occur again in the initial startups of any of these buildings or things that you have going up within the Department of Veterans Affairs. And I don't take it lightly, because I spent 25 years as a D.A. before I got here, so it is one of those things where I really view your position as the most important at the V.A. to make sure these types of things don't happen.    The things that happened in the V.A.--I want to go back to--and I understand the chairman may have asked some of these questions before, and unfortunately I am on three committees and all three had hearings this morning, so I apologize if I am touching into something you already went on. But I noticed that you launched 98 other investigations into manipulations at the fallout from the Phoenix center, and that your testimony notes 44 of those have been referred to the V.A. Office of Accountability Review to address the management issues.    The other 54 sites are still under investigation. Could you share with this committee what type of conduct or mismanagement led to the 44 referrals to the V.A. Office of Accountability Review so far?    Mr. Joyce. Why not the local authorities? A theft is a theft.    Mr. Joyce. But somewhere in the chain of command people were manipulating data, correct?    Mr. Joyce. Okay. And so the person manipulating that data in order to get a bonus, that is not a theft to you?    Mr. Joyce. Well, I think it is ludicrous they have bonuses in place where they can manipulate things to actually get the bonus. People should get paid to do a day's work.    Mr. Joyce. And if you don't do the day's work to the best of your God-given ability you should be fired.    Mr. Joyce. I see I am out of time, Mr. Chairman, but I will come back later. Thank you.    Mr. Joyce. Yes.    Mr. Joyce. Sure.    Mr. Joyce. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    In your testimony you referred to 24 recommendations that the V.A. made to implement immediate and substantive changes in response to rampant fraud in the scheduling system. As of March 2nd this year, 18 recommendations are still open.    What development have you seen in implementing those 18 remaining recommendations?    Mr. Joyce. Correct.    Mr. Joyce. Sure.    Mr. Joyce. Do you feel that it is part of a decentralization? I heard you say that you want to find something where you can remotely check to make sure that the numbers are not being manipulated, and this occurred as a fault of V.A. sort of being decentralized while at these different establishments and it would be better if we had it under a central unit.    Mr. Joyce. Yes. Absolutely.    Mr. Joyce. It is just astounding, don't you agree, that there are no red flags or bells and whistles that were set off that would have caught this very early in the stages? As you say, it went up the chain of command, and the quick rescission of that must have made everyone think that this is okay, this is standard----    Mr. Joyce. Well, you know, just briefly, what we can do to help you to that effect, please let us know. Because I think everyone here is committed to make sure that it doesn't ever happen again, or we clean up the system that is in place.    And secondly, you know, I know there are a lot of young prosecutors, ladies and gentlemen, in city and county offices who also have veterans in their jurisdiction and would be glad to help you and assist you. I know the Department of Justice is very busy, and that the U.S. Attorney's Offices are busy, but theft is theft, and so any way we could help you or they could help you let us know.    Mr. Joyce. Thank you very much. Good luck.