    Mr. DeFazio. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank you for putting scrutiny on this important issue, the costs and potential efficiencies that could be gained with enhanced leasing.    The review of the independent leasing authority certainly has merit, and I do not mean just to gloss over that and I look forward to hearing more about that, but the other issue which has really disturbed me for so many years is that some idiot at OMB in 1990 promulgated a rule which we have been bound by which is restricting the Government's ability.    We hear a lot about running Government like a business. Well, what business is going to go out, enter into a costly lease, and deny itself the opportunity to purchase at the end of that lease at a discounted price, therefore being perpetually forever locked into expensive leasing?    Well, brainiac down at OMB, you know, wrote this into a rule, which somehow has never gotten changed at OMB. I am not certain how we change OMB. I am working with Chairman Chaffetz on OMB reform because I keep running into them doing all sorts of things that do not make sense for the U.S. Government or the taxpayers of the United States of America.    But in this case I am pleased to see that our committee has a solution in H.R. 4487. I mean, you know, for the first time ever in I think it was 2008, the Federal Government began occupying more leased than owned space, and in almost every case that is the more expensive way to go, and it also deprives the Federal Building Fund of direct payments that would help for future acquisitions of space and for maintenance and repair of Federal assets.    So the bill, H.R. 4487, does not really address the idiots at OMB. It does not end-run around their rule, but that is at least an improvement. So I fully support H.R. 4487, and I am looking forward to hearing more.    And I would love anybody on the panel to justify what we are doing now by denying ourselves the authority to purchase at a discounted rate, and if anybody wants to volunteer that, I would be happy to discuss it with them.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. DeFazio. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Wisner, let us just look at purchase options for a moment. If purchase options are included, does that invariably drive up the monthly rental cost? I mean, does the owner exact a premium at the beginning? And would it make it more difficult for you to negotiate if you were including the purchase option?    Mr. DeFazio. So it could be a useful tool.    Mr. DeFazio. And right now, as this committee has recognized, I mean, this is a little bit nonsensical. So let me just give a really simply, I know not realistic example. We have an operating lease for 30 years. We are going to pay $1 million a year, OK, $30 million outlay. We have a lease-purchase, and let us just say it worked the same way. You are going to pay $1 million a month, but at the end of 30 years, you get to purchase at a discount from the value of the property, and you would be able to continue tenancy, et cetera.    But the one with annual rent counts in this year's budget as $1 million and the other one counts as $30 million plus the purchase price; is that correct?    Mr. DeFazio. Yes.    Mr. DeFazio. Right. And so what would be ideal would be we would look at all the same way. We would look at the obligation over time. So if we are going to rent it for a million bucks a year, we are going to say, well, it is going to cost $30 million to the taxpayers, and if we are going to rent it, you know, for less and have a lease-purchase, then you could say, well, gee, that is going to cost 50, except we would get an asset.    I mean, there has got to be a better way to do this. I mean, I think the rule was written, and maybe someone there can address it; I think the rule was written because at the time the Government used to actually more regularly build, acquire property and build structures when we knew we were going to have long-term needs because that is the most cost effective way to go.    But then the lease-purchase came along, which was less cost effective obviously, but what happened in writing a rule to try and level the playing field, we actually put the lease-purchase off the table and Congress, in its infinite wisdom, not having created capital budgets, does not hardly ever allow the purchase of property in the building of a structure. We would rather be idiots and pay a premium and end up with nothing.    Can anybody address that?    No? OK. Mr. Wise.    Mr. Wise. Yes, I do not know if I would characterize Congress quite that way, but in any case, the----    Mr. DeFazio. Do not call us idiots. I can call us idiots.    Mr. Wise. What happened is pretty much what you said. It leveled the playing field. It was an attempt to level the playing field, but then it took away the incentives for the lease-purchases, especially the discount lease-purchases.    And as a result, agencies moved more towards operating leases which only had to be accounted for, as you put it, 1 year at a time versus counting the totality, which put a pretty big hole in agency budgets.    So then you end up with a situation where agencies may be paying rent essentially ad infinitum.    I mean, we found cases where I think in one of our reports we found EPA renting a facility in Seattle for 60 years.    Mr. DeFazio. Well, EPA has not existed quite that long. Jimmy Carter was the EPA. That was not 60 years.    Mr. Wise. Well, anyway, renting for a long time in Seattle. In doing this work, we examined over 18,000 leases since the early 1990s, since the scoring rules came into effect. Validating your point, we only found 17 cases where lease-purchases were involved. Thus, the scoring rules had effectively taken away the incentive both for discount and for even lease-purchases.    Thus we are left with what we have today, which is a great overreliance on leasing and, as you framed it, much higher costs in the long run to the Government, which is something we have talked about in many of our reports for this committee and for others.    Mr. DeFazio. Thank you.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.