    Mr. Lynch. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I want to thank the panelists as well. You have all been very helpful with the committee.    I do want to just respond to my friend, the gentleman from North Carolina, who said earlier in this hearing that, and I will quote him, ``Dodd-Frank is an anomaly,'' an anomaly, of course, being something that deviates from what is regular or expected or what is standard.    The only reason that Dodd-Frank seems like an anomaly is because that is the last time Congress did anything, passed anything significant. And so, if you are in an environment that is inertia, a do-nothing Congress, and you look at something that actually moved, that seems like an anomaly. But it is just the illusion that motion causes when you are standing still.    I want to talk about--if we are going to go back to the crisis and sort of do some of this analysis on what went right and what went wrong, I actually opposed the bailout, the $700 billion in bailout we gave to the banks.    About 25 percent of people in my district don't even have bank accounts. I have a very diverse district. And so, we went and took their money, their tax money, and gave it to these banks, $700 billion.    And, it just--if we are going to go back and look what at we did, why don't we go back and look at that? Why don't we go back--and I am not just saying--I am not saying that some folks on Wall Street should go to jail; I will leave that to a judge and jury.    But some of their conduct seemed criminal, it really did. And we ended up taking taxpayer money, $700 billion, giving to the banks and like in the case of AIG I remember $9 billion of--we gave them $70 billion to help out AIG. But the $9 billion that we gave, the taxpayer money, was directly to satisfy the debt obligations that were held by Goldman Sachs.    So, it was just a pass through. It went right in one door of AIG and then right to Goldman Sachs--$9 billion. And it paid bonuses to a lot of people who were at the heart of this, like I said, I am not saying they should go to jail but I would say we should be revisiting the bonuses that we paid to folks who caused a lot of this mess.    And we are not talking about any of that. We are talking about dismantling Dodd-Frank. We are talking about dismantling the one and only consumer protection agency that we created. So, we have all these agencies out there, we have one, the CFPB, the only agency that we have created to protect the consumer.    And we look back at the problem of the crisis and we say, my God, the thing we have to do is get rid of that CFPB, the one agency that is actually protecting the consumer. It astounds me that is how we view this problem in retrospect.    I think that we would better serve the people whom we represent if we try to figure out ways to help them. And, sure, the CFPB is not perfect. It needs tweaking. We need to help it to be more effective and we need to address some of the concerns that the gentleman just raised regarding their treatment of employees and the disparate impact of some of their policies.    But, Mr. Silvers, in this last minute that I have, would you think that there are other priorities that we could focus on in terms of really trying to get at the root of what originally caused the--oh, the other thing that strikes me is getting rid of the Volcker Rule--allowing the banks to go back and do what they were doing before they got us into this whole mess, trading on their book of business, it doesn't make sense.    But, Mr. Silvers, if you have any other suggestions on how we might re-establish priorities here that would actually help the American consumer and the American people, I would love to hear them.    Mr. Lynch. Right.    Mr. Lynch. Thank you very much. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.