    Ms. Philipovitch. Thank you for flying with us.    Good morning Chairman Katko, Congressman Payne, and Members of the subcommittee. My name is Kerry Philipovitch, senior vice president of customer experience at American Airlines, testifying on behalf of Airlines for America. Thank you for inviting me here today to discuss the impact TSA security lines is having on our customers.    There is nothing more important to the airline industry than the safety and security of our passengers, employees, and cargo. We have never seen TSA wait times that affect airlines and passengers throughout the United States like we have seen in recent months.    Without immediate leadership and innovation, the 231 million Americans that will board a plane this summer will be frustrated and angry. We are working collaboratively with the TSA to develop and implement solutions to the pressing problem of excessive wait times.    Last year, programs that had been in place to drive efficiency and increase security throughput were eliminated without adding resources required to support longer passenger processing times. The result is a screening process that is causing unacceptably long security lines and a frustrated flying public.    Our discussions with TSA revealed 3 other contributing factors. First, it appears TSA did not adjust its staffing model after screening protocols were changed. Second, TSA is experiencing abnormally high attrition and is unable to retain transportation security officers, or TSOs. Third, the TSA PreCheck program, which allows low-risk passengers to go through expedited screening, has not met enrollment goals.    All of these factors combined cause a systemic slowdown in passenger processing at security checkpoints, resulting in delays and missed flights. Year-to-date, more than 70,000 American Airlines customers have missed flights due to excessive wait times.    The same challenges at the passenger checkpoints bog down screening of checked baggage, which is also a core TSA function. This year alone, over 40,000 checked bags were delayed in TSA screening and did not travel on their scheduled flights.    To say customers are agitated is putting it mildly and the public outcry has resonated. Congress recently reallocated $34 million in funding to the TSA to hire more TSOs by June 15. We are also glad to see that TSA is working to shift K-9 teams to airports experiencing the worst delays, rebalancing staffing, and hiring more TSOs.    However, TSA needs to do more, and more collaboration is needed to minimize the impact on summer travelers, airports, airline employees, and the overall economy.    Airlines are pitching in to do our part. We are committing millions of dollars to fund nonsecurity functions like bin running and queue management so TSAs can focus solely on screening customers.    At American this summer, we are adding an additional $4 million on top of the $17 million already planned to spend this year to facilitate passengers through TSA checkpoints at our largest airports. Airlines have advised customers to arrive at the airport 2 hour in advance of a domestic flight and 3 hours prior to an international departure to ensure sufficient time to clear security. This added time in the travel process is inconvenient and will likely affect less frequent travelers who are not familiar with the screening process.    We are launching aggressive campaigns to promote TSA PreCheck to our customers and employees. As PreCheck enrollment increases, however, TSA must commit to keep PreCheck lanes open and sufficiently staffed throughout the day, especially during peak travel times.    The industry is also exploring ways to facility support for additional K-9 teams, including whether TSA can use certified K-9s from other Governmental agencies to conduct passenger screening. When K-9 teams are deployed, TSA can increase passengers going through TSA PreCheck.    We as an industry are doing our part to help TSA manage through this challenge. However, airline actions alone cannot solve the problem. We need a partner in TSA that will consider innovative ideas to mitigate wait times immediately and in the long run.    In the short term, to augment resources, TSA could declare an all-hands-on-deck for the summer, much like we do at our airports during peak and irregular operations. All available staff should be assigned to help at passengers screening checkpoints. TSA resources should be prioritized based on airports with the most need and projected traffic volumes.    TSA could look at ways to spur enrollment in TSA PreCheck by streamlining the enrollment process. To ensure that enrollment resources don't become a new bottleneck, TSA should expedite its selection of third-party enrollment providers.    We also support the idea to give Federal security directors the ability to cooperate with their airline partners to make local decisions about manpower resource allocation without having to consult TSA headquarters.    All parties need to work collaboratively to manage through the summer. Full transparency to staffing models and performance data is required to engage all stakeholders in troubleshooting issues. We can't be a part of the solution if we don't have all the facts.    To that point, we applaud TSA for its decision this week to stand up a National command center and institute daily stakeholder calls to better prepare for each day's challenges.    In the long run, TSA could review current security protocols to ensure there are no unnecessary procedures. As part of this review, TSA should consider additional methods for increasing risk-based screening, some of which were discontinued this year.    Airlines and airports are eager to work with TSA to expedite next-generation screening technology, including innovation lanes.    Finally, TSA must create a position that reports to the administrator to advocate for customers within the TSA, much as airlines and many airports have executives dedicated to improving customer experience.    These are just a few ideas that American Airlines and A4A believe can help reduce the congestion in security screening. Of course, Congress can help by ensuring Administrator Neffenger and his team have the tools and resources needed to improve screening, including ensuring that the passenger security fee collected for TSA goes to TSA.    Ultimately, the TSA screening issue was not created overnight and will not be solved overnight. However, we must work together to offer ideas and resources to TSA while Administrator Neffenger and his team review current screening protocols, funding priorities, and management practices.    Thank you for the opportunity to testify today, and I would be happy to answer any questions you might have.    Ms. Philipovitch. No, I think that the point is good that especially when customers enroll in PreCheck. The enrollment rates tend to be higher the more frequently the customers travel, and they build that expectation of having PreCheck available into their schedules in terms of what flights they book and when their meetings end and the like. It is a service that the TSA is selling, that people are paying for. So people are incredibly frustrated, customers, when they come and find those lines closed.    The screening procedures in PreCheck are much faster, so the transaction time per customer is lower. Therefore we can get many more customers through the checkpoint, both safely, securely, and efficiently, the more people are in PreCheck. So we are a big fan of expanding it as well.    Ms. Philipovitch. In a few airports that we serve have private security.    Ms. Philipovitch. Sorry. Oh, thank you.    A few of the airports that American serves have private security.    Ms. Philipovitch. I will just use San Francisco as an example, because that is probably the one I am most familiar with. Because the privatized airports, the way the privatized model is today, follows the same procedures and staffing allocation models as other airports.    Ms. Philipovitch. Right.    Ms. Philipovitch. Correct. That is my understanding.    Ms. Philipovitch. So we really see that as long as the operation is properly resourced we are able to have both effective and efficient screening in either model. Really the key is making sure that the resource allocation meets the peak needs of the operation.    Ms. Philipovitch. You know, we have been working very collaboratively and effectively with the TSA, both at the headquarters level with Admiral Neffenger, as well as at the local level. So the airlines are taking action in collaboration with the TSA and also promoting many of the actions that the TSA is suggesting and already taking and also the actions that are contained in Chairman Katko's proposed legislation, which we are in favor of as well.    Ms. Philipovitch. You know, right now we really want to get more transparency into the staffing model and understand how resources are being deployed. We need to make sure that we have an analytical model that puts resources where they need to be to meet the peak demands of our customers.    Ms. Philipovitch. In cooperation with their airline partners, yes.    Ms. Philipovitch. May I comment on the checked baggage in general?    Ms. Philipovitch. The airlines have been charging checked baggage fees since 2008, and the line waits we are experiencing with TSA this year are unprecedented. So I think it would be inaccurate to say that bag fees are leading to the current line waits that we are experiencing.    You mentioned the baggage----    Ms. Philipovitch. We are interested in collaborating to solve the problem.    I do want to note that baggage screening, as you noted, is also a core function of TSA. Even though we had heard from my colleague from Chicago that we haven't had severe issues there, some of our other airports have experienced significant backlogs, in some cases even worse than what we are experiencing at the checkpoints----    Ms. Philipovitch . Like in Miami and Los Angeles.