    Mr. Hurd. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Not only as the head of the subcommittee, but as a former intelligence officer who has been through background investigation and whose information probably resides with OPM, I am concerned.    Today's hearing is just another example of the undeniable fact that America is under constant attack. It is not bombs dropping or missiles launching; it is the constant stream of cyber weapons aimed at our data. From private sector innovations to military seekers, our enemies are attempting to rob this Country on a daily basis, and, unfortunately, they are succeeding.    The worst of these cyber attacks are not coming from the caves of Afghanistan or Syria, but from air conditioned office buildings in China, Iran, and Russian, far from battlefields. These hackers work with impunity, knowing that their actions have no consequences.    This is not only a question of how we can protect our networks and data, but of how we define the appropriate responses for digital and digital attacks. This is one of the questions I have been asking for years and I have continued to ask in my role as chairman of the Information Technology Subcommittee.    It is no secret that Federal agencies need to improve their cybersecurity posture. We have years and years of reports highlighting the vulnerabilities of Federal agencies from legacy systems to poor FISMA compliance. And while there have been improvements, they have not kept pace with the nature of the threats we are facing.    But until agency leadership takes control of these basic cybersecurity measures, things like strong authentication, network monitoring, encrypting data, and segmentation, we will always be playing catch-up against our highly sophisticated and well-resourced adversaries.    I welcome the witnesses here today and look forward to their testimony.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I yield back.    Mr. Hurd. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    It is my hope that every agency head and every CIO of these agencies are listening or watching or will read the testimony after this event, and that the first thing they do when they wake up tomorrow is pull out the GAO high risk report that identifies areas that they have problems with, they read their own IG report and start working to address those remediations.    I have been at this job for 21 weeks, similar to Mr. Scott, and one of the things you hear from people, they are frustrated with their Government. Intentions are great.    Ms. Archuleta, you said at the beginning that the security of Federal employee is paramount. I believe you believe that, but the execution has been horrific. Intentions are not enough. We have to have execution. And this is the thing that scares me.    So my question, let's start with you, Ms. Archuleta. Did the hackers use a zero day vulnerability to get into your network?    Mr. Hurd. Well, if it was a zero day vulnerability, I hope everybody has been notified of this zero day; not only the Government, but the private sector. We shouldn't be keeping secret a zero day vulnerability.    I know a little something about protecting secrets; I spent almost my adult life in the CIA doing that. This is something that we need to get out. What I have read is that EINSTEIN did detect the breach after the appropriate indicators of compromise was loaded into it.    So my question is how long did, in Federal Government, did somebody have access to these indicators of compromise and why did it take however much that time to get it into EINSTEIN's system, and has that been promoted to every other agency that is using EINSTEIN 2?    Mr. Hurd. Has that been done?    Mr. Hurd. Okay.    Ms. Seymour, you talk about legacy systems and the difficulty of protecting those. What are some of those legacy systems and what programming software is used to develop those systems?    Mr. Hurd. So it was written by COBOL?    Mr. Hurd. When did you start your job?    Mr. Hurd. And why did we wait to implement two-factor authentication until after the attack?    Mr. Hurd. So two-factor authentication was being deployed prior?    Mr. Hurd. See, what is where I disagree with you, okay? Again, we have to stop thinking about this that we have years to solve the problem. We don't. We should be thinking about this in days.    Ms. Archuleta, how much overtime have you signed off on since this hack, of people that are dealing with the compromise?    Mr. Hurd. So if I walk into your building at 8 p.m. at night, there are going to be people drinking Red Bull, working furiously in order to solve this problem?    Mr. Hurd. Mr. Scott, you have inherited a mess, my man, and we are looking to you, and whatever this committee can do to help you to ensure things like this doesn't happen, to ensure that these agencies and the CIOs of the agencies are implementing the recommendations of the IG, the recommendations of the GAO, we are here to do that. And we are going to continue to drag people up here and answer these questions, because that is our responsibility.    I recognize that you are not going to stop anybody from penetrating your network. But how quickly can you identify them, can you quarantine them, and can you kick them off the network? Those are the three metrics we should be using about the health of our systems, and we are woefully inadequate.    I yield back the time I do not have. Thank you, sir.