    Mr. Meadows. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Thank each of you for your testimony here today, for your willingness on behalf of the American people to speak up. We know that it does not come without risk. And I for one am committed to making sure that all of our Federal employees are treated fairly. And certainly, when we see retaliation, it is troubling.    Dr. Livingston, when I hear some of your testimony, I always watch the audience, and I see people nodding their head yes or shaking their head that they can't believe these kind of things are happening. So let me just make sure that I am clear. During your probationary period, were there areas where you were able to appeal to other--like the special counsel where--did you appeal some of the decisions to those or could you have appealed to those?    Mr. Meadows. Right.    Mr. Livingston.--I was told Tuesday that you're being nominated for an award, and I was told Thursday you're done.    Mr. Meadows. So now, you do have a claim currently with OSC, is that correct?    Mr. Meadows. How about from an EEO standpoint? Do you have ----    Mr. Meadows. All right.    Mr. Livingston.--have an attorney.    Mr. Meadows. So you have those two appeals, I guess, sitting out there or at least requests at this particular point. I just wanted to make sure that that is clear, that in addition to this probationary period, you have actually filed in those two areas, is that correct?    Mr. Meadows. No, and that is fine. You know, when injustice happens or that perceived injustice, certainly, we want to make sure that you are given the right to appeal.    So let me go a little bit further because part of this is a Federal employee, you know, management issue, but the American taxpayers probably are not as in tune to that or care about that as much as the safety and security of air travel.    Mr. Meadows. So is it your testimony, Dr. Livingston, that this mismanagement is affecting the safety and security of Americans?    Mr. Meadows. So non-intel running the Office of Intelligence. All right.    Mr. Brainard, is it your testimony here today that the lack of sufficient management practices within TSA is putting Americans at risk?    Mr. Meadows. Right.    Mr. Meadows. So your testimony is that correcting the situation is of the highest priority for the security of the American traveler, is that correct?    Mr. Meadows. All right. So let me finish in the last few seconds. I was at Dulles a few weeks back visiting with Customs and Border Protection as we looked at the whole vetting of visa overstays of the country. And there, they indicated that TSA doesn't check all the background areas of potential workers. So they can be on a terrorist watch list, they could have other backgrounds, and that we are not systematically checking all of the backgrounds, resources that we have at our disposal. Is that correct, Dr. Livingston?    And I yield back to the chairman.