    Ms. Saanchez. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I want to pick up where my colleague Mr. Smith left off, which was in countering the suggestion by the chair's questioning that somehow the Department of State is not forthcoming with their witnesses.    I believe that, in his questioning, the chairman said that DOJ had no problems with the interviews that this committee wants to conduct with certain witnesses. But I do hold in my hand a letter from the Department of Justice that is dated November 21st of 2014, and in that letter it states that they do have concerns, because they have an ongoing investigation, and that prior to any interviews that the committee would conduct, if they could please notify the Department of Justice prior to that.    And I would ask unanimous consent to submit this letter for the record.    Ms. Saanchez. Well, I would like to continue with my questioning and my comments, and perhaps at the end of the hearing there will be an opportunity for the chairman to have further time to speak on his time.    Ms. Saanchez. So I think that it is clear that DOJ has expressed some concerns and that it is patently wrong to suggest that somehow witnesses are being withheld from the committee. I believe Mr. Smith stated pretty emphatically, and I believe it is the case, that no one has said that there are witnesses that cannot be interviewed by this committee. So I just thought it important to show that, as far back as November, that DOJ did communicate with this committee and expressed those concerns.    I want to thank our witnesses for joining us today.    I have to admit that when this committee was first announced some of us were a bit skeptical about the scope and the intentions of the investigation. There was, from the outset, some uncertainty as to what questions this committee would be tasked with answering and whether or not Democratic members of this committee would be fairly included in the work of the committee. Could partisanship, in fact, be set aside and logic and facts guide the course of the investigation?    And I can only speak for myself in saying that I put those concerns aside, in the hope that there would be an honest and open investigation that was free of partisan motives. But, boy, it really looks like I was wrong on that one.    The committee members on the Democratic side waited patiently as Chairman Gowdy assured us that there would be transparency and that minority members would be included in the investigation process and that he would outline the questions that still needed to be answered. Eight months later, our committee still lacks that scope, that transparency, and, more than ever, the credibility.    Now, more than ever, I am convinced that my colleagues on the other side of the aisle are in search of this mythical creature--this unicorn--and the unicorn being some kind of nefarious conspiracy, and that this nefarious conspiracy that they are looking for does not, in fact, exist.    Over the last few months, the majority has systematically robbed Democratic members of meaningful participation in this investigation. Apparently, our only use is to sit up on this dais in full committee hearings and be allowed to ask a few simple questions.    As my colleagues have noted, Mr. Cummings and Mr. Smith have noted, Democrats have been excluded from discussions that the chairman and his staff have had with material witnesses.    The chairman has refused to convene an organizational meeting or establish rules to address our concerns about the increasingly partisan direction that this committee has taken. In fact, yesterday the chairman told us that we could only have a vote on committee rules if we agree to vote on his rules, even though we think that they are patently unfair. I don't know what kind of logic that is, that you can have a vote so long as it is the vote for what I want. The chairman might have the right to do these things, but that doesn't make his actions fair or nonpartisan.    Witnesses have been interrogated without any of our members or minority staff present. We have been denied opportunities to counter fanciful claims, and we have been left in the dark as to what answers Chairman Gowdy and his members are searching for.    Worse, the majority has manipulated facts and evidence to suit the narrative of their ongoing conspiracy theories. When convenient, they have left out key witness testimonies that don't corroborate the outlandish conspiracy theories that they are seeking to prove.    Ms. Saanchez. And when the facts don't add up, they just continue to make more fanciful claims.    For example, back in September, an article reported that former Deputy Assistant Secretary of State Ray Maxwell came forward with a startling allegation that, ``Hillary Clinton confidants were part of an operation to separate damaging documents before they were turned over to the Accountability Review Board.''    That allegation, which was reported in many conservative media outlets, was that former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton's aides ordered the destruction of documents to prevent Congress and the ARB from ever seeing them.    Chairman Gowdy called these allegations incredibly serious and told Fox News in mid-October that the committee would be investigating this. What he failed to admit was that, at the time of the chairman's Fox News interview, Republicans had already investigated the Maxwell claim and only found evidence against it.    The day before the chairman's interview on Fox News, his staff had spoken to a witness that Mr. Maxwell identified as being able to corroborate his claim. Republicans excluded Democrats from that interview and told us that they had learned nothing, quote, ``of note'' from that witness.    But when Democrat staff spoke to that witness, he said he didn't recall having been in the document review session that Mr. Maxwell described. He also denied ever being instructed to flag information in documents that might be unfavorable to the Department. He further reported that he never engaged in or was ever aware of any destruction of documents.    That witness was perfectly willing to talk to Democrats and has always been willing to talk to us. He also never asked to be treated as a confidential source. Chairman Gowdy has explained why we were excluded from that interview--he has never explained that. He has downplayed or discounted the factual information that the witness provided. And the information was material.    As a former prosecutor, Mr. Chairman, you understand that evaluating the credibility of witnesses and their allegations depends on whether the information that they provide can be corroborated or not. Although your staff stated that they learned nothing ``of note'', in fact they learned that this claim was not substantiated by a key witness. And, to me, that is incredibly telling.    Unfortunately, because the facts didn't shoehorn into the conspiracy narrative, they failed to divulge that information to our side.    If our goal is the truth and not a predetermined outcome, these interviews should have been conducted jointly with Democrats and Republicans in the room. Facts that do not support serious allegations that we are investigating should not and cannot be ignored. These actions sabotage a serious and credible investigation. They make it an unfair, exclusionary investigation with no transparency. And I, for one, am not willing to sit by silently any longer.    Maybe there is a good reason for all this nonsense. Maybe the secrecy is meant to distract from some of the committee's shortcomings. In the eight months since its formation, the majority in the committee has failed to deliver on some key promises. They have yet to request documents from the Department of Defense, they have yet to summon any CIA witnesses, and they have yet to yield any new information that has not already been uncovered by the previous eight--count them, eight--in-depth investigations into the attacks on the Embassy in Benghazi. That is a pretty abysmal record.    So if my colleagues and I sound a little frustrated today, well, it is with good reason. We have had enough of this pursuit and this quest to catch this mythical unicorn. Eight separate investigations, bipartisan investigations, where both sides agreed on the rules, have been conducted, and none have found this nefarious conspiracy.    If a constituent of mine were audited by the IRS eight times for the same year or if some member of the American public were tried in a court of law eight separate times for the same crime and no wrongdoing was found, we would say that it was lunacy to expend the time, effort, and money to continue to put them through that again. And yet here we are again.    But this time, this time, perhaps if we change the rules, if we make them unfair and lopsided, give one side the advantage of hearing witness testimony and the other side not, keep them locked out of the room, well, then maybe, just maybe, the outcome might be a little different from this committee than from the previous eight.    Mr. Chairman, the American public, the families that were affected by what happened in Benghazi, and the victims themselves deserve better. So I am urging you to adopt rules that allow for participation of both Republicans and Democrats in all future committee interviews so that we can conduct credible, nonpartisan, and transparent investigation into this matter.    In the time that I have remaining, I just want to say I apologize to our witnesses. These are tensions that have been boiling over for some time, but they are tensions that have been raised again and again and again.    And you make much of the fact that we didn't vote to empanel this committee or want to be here because we kind of suspected that this is where it would end up. And I hate to say it, but those who were more cynical, I think, had the better argument.    And, with that, I yield back the balance of my time.