    Mr. Whitaker. Chairman LoBiondo, Ranking Member Larsen, members of the subcommittee, thank you for the opportunity to appear before you today to discuss----    Mr. Whitaker. I will scoot closer.    Mr. Whitaker. OK. To discuss the safe operation of unmanned aircraft.    The popularity and variety of unmanned aircraft have increased dramatically in recent years. Many commercial uses are becoming commonplace today, including infrastructure inspection, surveying agriculture, and evaluating damage caused by natural disasters. UAS play an increasingly important role in law enforcement, firefighting, and border protection.    At the same time, the demand for recreational drones has exceeded anyone's expectations. This demand is driven, in large part, by individuals who are completely new to the aviation experience. They are not necessarily the traditional model airplane operators, members of local clubs who follow safety guidelines and rules. These new entrants are often unaware that they are operating in shared airspace. The proliferation of small and relatively inexpensive UAS presents a real challenge.    To successfully integrate unmanned aircraft into our airspace, we must integrate these new operators into our aviation safety culture. We want people to enjoy this new technology, but we want to make sure they do it safely. This requires education, as well as creative and collaborative public outreach.    This is why we have joined with our industry partners, including several seated at the table today, to launch the Know Before You Fly campaign. This effort provides UAS operators with the guidance they need to fly safely, and is raising awareness of where they can and cannot fly.    We also have an ongoing No Drone Zone campaign. This campaign reminds people to leave their unmanned aircraft at home during public events, such as football games and, most recently, the Pope's visit to several major U.S. cities.    However, we firmly believe that education and enforcement must go hand in hand. Our preference is for people to voluntarily comply with regulations, but we won't hesitate to take strong enforcement action against anyone who flies an unmanned aircraft in an unsafe or illegal manner. When we identify an operator who endangers other aircraft, or people and property on the ground, we will work with our local law enforcement partners to prosecute these activities.    To date, the FAA has investigated hundreds of incidents of UAS operating outside of existing regulations. Earlier this week the FAA proposed a $1.9 million civil penalty against a company that knowingly conducted dozens of unauthorized flights over Chicago and New York. This sends a clear message to others who might pose a safety risk: Operate within the law, or we will take action.    We recognize that the technology associated with unmanned aircraft is continuing to evolve. This is also true for the many technologies that could further advance the safety and capabilities of these aircraft. Earlier today we announced a research agreement to evaluate technology that identifies unmanned aircraft near airports. Working with our Government and industry partners, we will assess this capability in an operational environment without compromising safety.    We recognize, too, that our regulatory framework needs to keep pace with technology. The FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 laid out a framework for the safe integration of unmanned aircraft into our airspace. The FAA has taken a number of concrete steps toward accomplishing this goal.    A key component of these efforts is finalizing regulations for the use of small, unmanned aircraft. Earlier this year, we proposed a rule that would allow small UAS operations that we know are safe. The rule also meets the majority of current commercial demand. The FAA received more than 4,500 public comments on this proposal, and we are working to address those as we finalize the rule.    The rulemaking approach we are using seeks to find that balance that you referred to, Mr. Chairman, that allows manufacturers to innovate while mitigating safety risks. We also recognize the need to be flexible and nimble in how we respond to the emerging UAS community. As technologies develop, and as operations like beyond line of sight are researched, we want to be able to move quickly to safely integrate these capabilities.    While we have made substantial progress on UAS in recent months, we still have more work to do. Recently, the FAA elevated the importance of unmanned aircraft issues within the agency by selecting two seasoned executives to oversee our internal and external integration efforts. Major General Marke Gibson, U.S. Air Force (Retired), and Earl Lawrence, who most recently served as manager of FAA's Small Airplane Directorate. Both of these gentlemen are seated behind me with me today.    The FAA has a long history of integrating new users and capabilities into our airspace, and we are well equipped to apply this experience in the area of unmanned aircraft. I am proud of the team we brought together to accomplish this, and of the approach we are taking to ensure America's aviation system remains the safest in the world.    Thank you, and I am happy to answer any questions you may have.    Mr. Whitaker. We are currently doing a review of our authorities internally, with DOT, and also with other agencies. But one of the challenges with this issue is actually locating the UAS operators. It is less a question of authority or magnitude of penalties as it is actually locating the operators.    If you look at these pilot reports, they tell us where the UAS is, but they don't tell us where the operator is. If you contrast that with laser strikes, the pilot usually knows exactly where that strike is coming from. So one of the biggest challenges we are having is locating the operators in the first place, which is why our emphasis has been on education and beefing up that methodology.    Mr. Whitaker. We announced today a new research partnership that goes just to that issue, that deploys a technology at airports that allows you to survey the area within 5 miles of the airport and detect radio signals from UAS. So that technology is going into testing, and it is one of a variety of technologies that we are looking for to detect drones in the airport environment.    Mr. Whitaker. We will assess the results of that technology, as well as geofencing and some other technologies, to try to develop an approach, again, in conjunction with other agencies that have a security issue involved here, as well.    Mr. Whitaker. The technology is an existing technology, so we--there hasn't been an announcement of location or timeframe yet, but that should be coming shortly.    Mr. Whitaker. We have a number of initiatives that private industry has put forth to help in this effort, including informational paperwork in the packaging itself. The Secretary himself has indicated that he thinks registration may be one of the answers to part of this problem, and we are evaluating that as an option for all UAS.    Mr. Whitaker. Yes.    Mr. Whitaker. And I think we would have to work closely with industry to decide the best way forward for that. We would not be set up to take this level of registration data, and we would want to make sure----    Mr. Whitaker . It is accessible, if we do that, and also that it can be used for law enforcement purposes.    Mr. Whitaker. We have a large number of ways that we coordinate. Under the DOD authorization, there is an EXCOM that meets on UAS that includes DHS , DOD, FAA, and NASA. We have an interagency group that meets quarterly that includes those agencies plus Commerce and others to talk about NextGen, as well as UAS. We have a facility that we run at headquarters that is a 24/7 monitoring of events in the NAS , and we coordinate with law enforcement agencies through that. And DHS has taken the lead on security issues focused on the Capital, but also airport environments. And they run that, and we participate in that. So there are really a huge number of fora that we participate in to have that interagency coordination.    Mr. Whitaker. We are, sir. We have taken several steps.    With respect to the test sites, we initially issued a blanket certificate of authorization for operations up to 200 feet. We recently, last month, increased that to 400 feet. So that really streamlines the paperwork process pretty dramatically. There may still be some exemption requirements, but they should be much fewer now. And the exemption process itself we have streamlined, but we do a safety analysis on each of the applications, so that does take some time. But it should be much more streamlined now.    Mr. Whitaker. Yes, most of the applications have been eliminated now for the test sites. But when they do come, they should be measured in days, certainly, not months or years.    Mr. Whitaker. I don't have statistics on how many. But, as I said before, it is very, very difficult to track them down, just by the nature of the UAS operation.    Mr. Whitaker. Well, there is interagency discussion going on about how that would be used, and what the logistics of it would be, what would be the best tool for that, whether it is at point of sale, how you verify ID, things of that nature. So there is some digging into the technicalities of that that is going on now.    Mr. Whitaker. Sir, it is the 7th of October.    Mr. Whitaker. 2015.    Mr. Whitaker. September 2015, sir.    Mr. Whitaker. That is correct, sir.    Mr. Whitaker. Small UAS under 55 pounds.    Mr. Whitaker. So the comment period was open until April of this year. We have had over 4,500 comments.    Mr. Whitaker. And we are adjudicating those comments, and our internal objective is to get the rule out of FAA by the end of this year, and it will go through the review process at DOT and OMB . And last time you and I discussed this----    Mr. Whitaker. Last time you and I discussed the point, we agreed on the date of June 17th, and I think that is still a solid date, and we should be able to beat that.    Mr. Whitaker. It should be in the first half of next year.    Mr. Whitaker. So the development of large UAS integration is going to depend, in large part, on commercial demand, and also, in large part, on technology. So that will develop as the technology develops and the demand develops.    Mr. Whitaker. We are at a rate of about 100 a month of pilot-reported----    Mr. Whitaker. That involve civil penalties, yes.    Mr. Whitaker. We have been working with manufacturers to have information put in the package----    Mr. Whitaker. The proposed rule deals with commercial operations.    Mr. Whitaker. And the issue is, really, the amateur operators. So we have been working with manufacturers to have the information voluntarily included, and an increasing number are doing that now. But we would have to have a rule to mandate it, which, A, we are not authorized to do, and, B, would take too long. So our focus----    Mr. Whitaker . Is the voluntary----    Mr. Whitaker. All of the information about airport airspace and restricted airspace is publicly available, and it is pushed out as part of the data that comes from FAA. And some of the manufacturers have already started to include geofencing technology in their products.    Mr. Whitaker. Yes, the charts are updated about every 2 months, sort of in a formal structure, and then, in the interim, there are NOTAMs that are put out to give interim updates.    Mr. Whitaker. Yes, sir. And then we need to verify that the person's name is the person who is actually registering it, which creates some of the complication.    Mr. Whitaker. So, with respect to amateur use, we really want to keep them out of the controlled airspace, if you will. So we want to keep them away from airports and under 400 feet, or, with the case of the small UAS rule, under 500 feet. I think there still is a question whether they shouldn't also be equipped with something that has a radio signal that allows us to track them otherwise.    When you get to the larger UAS, anything that operates in the controlled airspace would have to be equipped with ADS-B, the same as an aircraft would after 2020. But certainly that is going to be necessary to have any kind of integration in the larger UAS.    Mr. Whitaker. Well, I don't think the example you raised indicates commercial use. I think that is a pretty common use of recreational drones. Commercial use is if you are being paid to operate, or if it is being operated as part of your business model.    Mr. Whitaker. Always are, yes.    Mr. Whitaker. Thank you.    Mr. Whitaker. Yes, the public-use UAS are really quite mature, and operated in several ways that the small UAS won't be able to initially operate. The NOTAM system, I think, is an interim step to getting us to a more real-time ability to notify other users of the system. But that is, I think, the appropriate procedures at this time.    Mr. Whitaker. I am not sure what the actual backlog is. I can get that information for you. We have increased our throughput fairly dramatically, so that we are doing over 100 a week now. So we have cleared a lot of the backlog, but they are also coming in at a pretty good clip. So we can get those numbers to you.    Mr. Whitaker. We don't have a way of knowing that, exactly. The indications that we are getting from pilot reports gives us some glimpse into what is happening without authorization. But the numbers are too big for us to track, and we don't have those resources.    Mr. Whitaker. So for the----    Mr. Whitaker. For the model it is 400 feet, and under the small rule it will be 500 feet and below.    Mr. Whitaker. So we try to group these COAs as much as possible, to expedite the processing. There have been 1,800 so far on the commercial side, and, literally, thousands on the public-use side. So these vehicles are actually in pretty widespread use now.    Mr. Whitaker. We have had several hundred investigations. Under our compliance policy, our first preference is to get people operating in accordance with the rules. And if we don't have to use enforcement, we don't use enforcement.    There have been over 20 cases now that have required us to issue civil----    Mr. Whitaker. So the baseline is up to $25,000 per incident. In the case of the penalty that went out yesterday, it was $1.9 million. It involved dozens and dozens of flights over a heavily populated area.    Mr. Whitaker. We are evaluating with other agencies the level of the penalties involved. Right now it is $25,000 on the civil side, up to $250,000 and 20 years in prison on the criminal side. That level is being evaluated, interagency.    The biggest challenge we have, we think the most bang for the buck comes from education, because a lot of the operations are inadvertent. And on the enforcement side, the real challenge is how we locate the operators of the vehicle.    Mr. Whitaker. We are prohibited from regulating for recreational-use drones. It is possible that we could do a rulemaking around that, but the timeframe of rulemakings is such it is not a particularly viable tool for us. So we are very much focused on voluntary compliance at this point.    Mr. Whitaker. I don't have specific examples of that. I agree, that that is an important aspect to this.    I think one of the things that we are looking at is this question of airspace, and how it is defined. Because right now the law----    Mr. Whitaker. I am sorry.    Mr. Whitaker. Yes, sir.    Mr. Whitaker. To general aviation community----    Mr. Whitaker. Well, we usually work through AOPA and small airport associations.    Mr. Whitaker. Absolutely.    Mr. Whitaker. If you would like, I can report back to you within 30 days on what--our plan to do that.    Mr. Whitaker. Yes, in the next 4 weeks.    Mr. Whitaker. The rule----    Mr. Whitaker. So night operations is one of the areas that is being researched, and it could be allowed by exemption. But as soon as we can find ways to do that safely, that is something we would like to allow.    Mr. Whitaker. I think the question was around large UAS.    Mr. Whitaker. Yes.    Mr. Whitaker. No. We are trying to move in step with both the commercial demand and the technology.    Mr. Whitaker. Yes, sir.    Mr. Whitaker. Thank you.    Mr. Whitaker. Yes, ma'am. The test sites, the six test sites, are designed to provide an infrastructure for testing, so that the private sector can use them, and other researchers can use them for flight tests and other testing. We have tried to streamline the approval process to a large degree, which I think we have done.    But at the same time, they are also designed to be a marketplace. So they have to compete for that work. And some test sites have been more successful than others in that. We have been meeting with all the test sites over the last 2 months to try to help jump-start and facilitate some of that work.    To your second point, the tech center has a role in accumulating the data from the test site operations and collating that data and using it for supporting our research efforts.    Mr. Whitaker. Well, I would say those are different functions. And the section 333 has certainly gotten a lot of attention, but it is a different group, if you will, within FAA that does that. We have research going on with MITRE Corporation, with--in conjunction with NASA, DOD, at the tech center, and at the Center of Excellence. So we are focused on all of those things, and they are all part of the puzzle, going forward.    Mr. Whitaker. Not necessarily for commercial exemptions, although we do have some commercial partnerships, where we are taking that data and analyzing it.    Mr. Whitaker. Well, it is not a restriction. We have issued 1,800 333 exemptions. It is not a restriction that we feel is appropriate for commercial operators to mandate that type of work.    Mr. Whitaker. It might be helpful in some that are willing to do that that we have partnered with.    Mr. Whitaker. That is correct.    Mr. Whitaker. No, I would say they are not linked. And as the small rule gets finalized, that 333 process will be dramatically reduced.    Mr. Whitaker. Well, they are linked as far as exchange of information. But the 333 approval process is a different workforce than the research coordination.    Mr. Whitaker. The priority would be on both of those.    Mr. Whitaker. Well, we measure the 333s by throughput. And on the test sites and the research, it is not amenable to immediate sort of metric measurements. But there is a lot of research, a lot of effort going into that.    Mr. Whitaker. I would say the most efficient way to get there is an industry-based standard, so we don't have to go down the regulatory path. And that involves stakeholder engagement, which we are also focused on.    Mr. Whitaker. Well, I think, as others have discussed, they are difficult to confirm. We don't have numbers on these things that we can see, we don't have an ability to locate them the way we would with a laser, for example. And that is just the nature of the data. So it is very raw data.    I think what we can say is that the trend in the data is pretty obvious. So the number reports on a monthly basis now is over 100, and that is a fivefold increase from a year ago. So you can argue around the margins, but I don't think there is any question that there is a significant trend.    Mr. Whitaker. So this is not a concern that I have heard expressed before, but it sounds like a concern that the newer exemptions have more flexibility. That would normally be triggered by the current holders coming back for some adjustment to their 333 application. But I----    Mr. Whitaker. As opposed to us changing the conditions for them. But I will look into that and respond to your office----    Mr. Whitaker. Yes.    Mr. Whitaker. Yes.    Mr. Whitaker. Absolutely.    Mr. Whitaker. So you are talking about incursion between manned aircraft?    Mr. Whitaker. Yes, I don't have statistics on that. Our compliance philosophy would largely be the same, that we would be focused on remediating the problem and making sure there is compliance as a first step, before moving to enforcement.