    Mr. WESLEY. It was provided to both the HAS and SAS in previous requests for information. When we went to provide it to you, it was held up because it had not been cleared a second time. That is the process of the Department to get items cleared before we can release it. Now, we are going through that process to get it re-cleared for you, and it will be provided. It was not our intention to hide it or keep it from you, I want to make that clear.    Mr. WESLEY. Just for the record----    Mr. WESLEY. Just for the record, that was not requested of me weeks ago. It was requested of me in a phone call last Friday. I did agree to submit it, but I had to go through the proper clearance to do so. It will be provided as requested.    Mr. WESLEY. No, that was on a phone call with your staff, sir.    Mr. WESLEY. Yes, sir.    Mr. WESLEY. Thank you for the opportunity to speak today about the Department of Defense's mentor-protege program and how we serve small businesses.    I would like to take the time to explain to you that the mentor-protege program is not just a tool for us but it is one of the most important tools for us in the Department to control, grow, and mentor our industrial base.    The actual mentor-protege program for us, unlike our partners at the SBA, is not just about job growth. It is truly about actually having companies around that can actually ramp up in a time of any war or contingency environment that may arise.    The mentor-protege program allows us to actually get new ideas into the Department and teach small businesses how to actually perform and function within the role of DOD.    Without that, small businesses have an impasse often when it comes down to doing business with the Department, not just with security regulations and policies, but also with accounting regulations and policies, being able to perform cost type contracting and receive those endorsements and certifications. Safety requirements that DOD often requires to work on installations when it comes to manufacturing.    Having a mentor that has already gone through that process, that understands that process, this becomes a valuable tool to remove barriers to entry into the Department.    DOD was the first agency to have a Federal mentor-protege program and become fully operational, and is the only Federal agency currently required by statute to collect information on proteges after they exist the program, of which we do.    Ranking Member Chu, we are one of those agencies who actually do track that information and actually provide it back to our sister agency, the SBA, of how they perform up to two years after the program. We actually provide those metrics.    We actually also collect information on proteges while they are in the program, and I will discuss that later during the question and answer period. They also have insights eligible to how we measure success.    One of the first things I did upon arrival 17 months ago into the Department was to set up a metric program to measure return on investment for the Department. One of the things we have done to improve the long term utilization of these companies is we have tied the mentor-protege agreements beginning this year, this fiscal year, to the top 10 challenges within the Department Commander's top 10 issues. That way, they are tied specifically to a program system of record or work.    That way, when they actually get to subcontract out with a large prime, to get experience, we actually are now trying to combat their number one issue during source selection, which is past performance.    One of the most rigorous challenges a small business has when they go up and compete against established corporations or established companies is they are often given a neutral rating when it comes to source selection. A neutral rating does not harm them, but when you are competing against someone who has had decades of successful performance, it does not help you either.    What we are doing is trying to establish where you can actually receive a rating as a subcontractor. Therefore, that would then eliminate their being behind the eight ball--that is my own phrase--going after a prime contract opportunity.    We are trying to not just build our industrial base, but we want to maintain the industrial base. The mentor-protege program is one of those tools where we can keep companies afloat when it is not a time of war or contingency operation, because now they can receive subcontract opportunities, maybe at lower values, but it keeps the doors open, so that way when we need them, they are around to ramp up in the future.    In closing, I would like to just state that I would thank you all for this opportunity. I look forward to the remainder of our dialogue, and I will be free to answer any questions that you have. Thank you.    Mr. WESLEY. From a DOD perspective, we actually do currently review and make sure that there were no previous relationships prior to the agreement being signed. All companies can come in and apply, but we actually do a thorough review, and in fact, just last year, I implemented a review at the OSD level of all agreements from the Services.    The Services still have the ability to approve their agreements, but they do not approve them until a gentleman by the name of Robert Stewart, who I actually assigned as the program manager, has reviewed that, and one of the things he checks for is whether or not there is an agreement in place before, where they have a prior relationship beforehand. We do validate that prior.    The last question I believe you asked was do we have the ability--I think I have answered that by saying we are already doing it.    Mr. WESLEY. No. The competition process tends to work itself out, but what we do is during the source selection or during the creating of contract language, if a contracting officer wants to give credit for a company being in the mentor-protege program, they advertise that up front. That way, it is in the competitive documents prior to----    Mr. WESLEY. No, we do not give bonus points to that, but what we do is we say highly encourage to utilize a mentor-protege firm, and in that way, they are entitled or allowed to go out and utilize them prior to going out and signing a new----    Mr. WESLEY. As far as what, sir?    Mr. WESLEY. Yes. What we are trying to do is encourage the use of the program at a higher level and actually make it a focused use. What we are wanting to do--when I came on board, one of the things I looked at is how many companies were around after they graduated the program, but how many were actually receiving work on a continuous basis. To me, that is a monitor of success for the program.    Mr. WESLEY. No, so what----    Mr. WESLEY. No. Everyone is treated fairly on this. What happens is it is based on the type of work that is going out for contract. That is where the synergies are leveraged. If I am going out for an engineering support contract and I am going out for communications or electronics, any large business that has a mentor-protege agreement with a specific small business that specializes in electronic chip making or circuit boards or things like that, they would then be able to use their mentor-protege agreement in accordance with that contract.    It would then allow them to actually feed work into their small business that they had been working with, partnering with, that they understand, that they already are doing business with on a continuous basis.    Obviously, that is not a large $20 or $30 million prime contract, but it is enough to keep that company around, because we are encouraging them to continue to be around.    Mr. WESLEY. What we found is over 90 percent of our applicants believe that the mentor-protege program was successful for them. That is the first thing. Then we found out that over 80 percent of them found out their mentors actually did provide some valuable training and/or information to them that they would not have been able to get on their own. That is a key piece.    The entire point of the mentor-protege program, as you well know, ma'am, is to actually set up and give these companies information that would have been more difficult for them to achieve on their own and become a viable tool more quickly to our industrial base as well as to the overall Department.    Mr. WESLEY. Actually, I believe we have less active agreements than that, ma'am. I can give you the exact number.    Mr. WESLEY. We have 88 total active agreements currently.    Mr. WESLEY. One of the things I wanted to do was focus on getting the right agreements in place before we focused on growth. There is a reason for that. The mentor-protege program, as you all are aware because you have taken such a great interest in this program, which I thank you for, by the way, it actually to me can be misused if you are not careful.    I genuinely want to make sure that the small businesses or the proteges that are actually in there are getting what they specifically need. We are taking the time to set up the counseling sessions with a tiered review approach where we now actually make sure they are married up with the right company, that they have a good understanding of what the mentor is supposed to give them, and their relationship is actually clear up front.    What we found out through our living and learning process here is sometimes the disputes between a mentor and a protege happen just because there was not a clear understanding of what was going to be delivered by the mentor.    What we wanted to do was actually put training programs in place before a company actually began the agreement, then we start to grow it as more people understand it.    Mr. WESLEY. I would anticipate, ma'am, you will see steady growth over the next three years. What I mean by ``steady growth,'' I am looking at trying to make sure this year we continue the growth pattern, which will add another 30 to 40 agreements this year, and then even higher the following year, and then get up into a couple of hundred the next year. I mean new agreements, let me be clear on that.    The reason I am putting that out there is because it is not just about the growth of the program. It is about the effectiveness of the program.    Mr. WESLEY. When you talk about the effectiveness of the program, I am also talking about the residual usage of the small business firms because although my job is not to actually generate job growth, it is a second, third, and fourth order effect of our program if we do it right.    Mr. WESLEY. I think the first thing that we do is we actually sit down and have a pre-meeting with the firms up front. We make sure they understand exactly what is expected out of each of them. The protege agreements have clear guidelines as well as deliverables. It tells you on the reimbursement side of it, you will not be paid until you have delivered these items. If it is a subcontract credit, you will not receive that subcontract credit until these deliverables have been met.    We give clear delineation. Therefore, we make sure each party knows exactly what is expected of them. We sit down and make sure they have a good understanding. That pre-meeting--I kind of equate it as marriage counseling, if you will. They get that ahead of time so they can understand, they are on the same page both on a financial basis, but also from an actual business perspective. Sometimes, business visions are different. We also try to make sure they marry up to whatever the protege needs is what the mentor is truly going to provide, and do they have the capability of providing it.    There is no need for you to have a mentor go after, guiding a protege for a Top Secret SEI clearance when they do not have one themselves. They do not know how to go through and get one.    We are trying to make sure that they actually have the skills to deliver on what they are promising to deliver. I think that is one of the biggest items I can attribute that to, the pre-discussions ahead of time.    Mr. WESLEY. The one thing I will tell the entire Committee and go on record with is myself and the Small Business Administration are communicating regularly. I have bi-weekly meetings with John Shoraka and his team. We are sharing information.    To answer your question specifically, I do believe that we will be sharing not just our metrics and how we track information, but the tools we use. I believe we do have some working models that we can share with them at any given time going forward. Yes, ma'am. I do believe we can do that.