    Ms. Lujan Grisham. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I really appreciate that.    I am going to change up what I was going to do a little bit because I really appreciate the comments that my colleague Mr. Lynch made, although I don't need that report. If you want to see the efficiencies of the post office, go visit and do a ride-along with a letter carrier, and you will have no doubt that it is one of the most efficient systems in the world. And so thank you very much for that honor. And I plan to do more of that, particularly in the area that another one of my colleagues as already mentioned, Mrs. Lawrence.    But in this effort, because of budgetary issues, that we were consolidating, and, Ms. Brennan, I heard that that is on hold. But given the fact that that has really hurt rural and frontier areas, disabled and senior population who are traveling distances to get prescription drugs, I am very happy to hear that that is on hold.    But in addition to that and the numbers that have already been talked about, 200,000 employees, more than 360 facilities consolidated, there is now a 2011--so it is a little bit dated--but that GAO report says that, look, when you reduce the level of your services, you are actually hurting your revenue stream. So it is counterproductive.    And as you look at these issues, I would love it if you would give us further information in writing to this committee about your efforts in modernizing services and addressing these issues given your, I think, unfair mandates, that there is a healthy balance and we want to make sure in fact that we are building a revenue stream and at the same time continue to take appropriate actions to protect the populations who need the Postal Service in a way that I think is different than the average person receiving mail. So if you would do that, I would appreciate it.    Ms. Lujan Grisham. And thanks for that update.    The second thing that I want to talk about that is, I think, a bit may be different than what my colleagues have addressed, but in my community, unfortunately, in my district, in my State we are seeing a high number of vandalism and mail theft. I want to thank you for your work, particularly in Albuquerque, but I am concerned that with lack of personnel we have a backlog in those investigations. You don't get those investigations, we don't deal with the perpetrators. If we don't deal with the perpetrators, soon we have this--we are on a merry-go-round in this situation as well so that it continues to occur at much higher rates than around the country.    And I will tell you that given, you know, our poverty issues and our other public health issues, which I will address later today in terms of substance abuse, it is a significant problem. And so it also creates safety issues for folks who are not dealing with this appropriately. Because of those backlogs and investigatory issues, we are not replacing those damaged mailboxes.    And I would love for you to give me a sense about what you can do differently or if you have had any thoughts or what do you need from Congress to make sure that you can address these what I am going to call hotspots if you will so that we can do something about it.    Ms. Lujan Grisham. And I would like you to really--and I am happy to do that, but I really want you to think about and talk about if I have got more time--although I am happy to give it back to the chairman because he is so good to me, and I meant that genuinely--that I think it is important to think about it in a policy mechanism because the truth is--and again, in my community, I love my community and I love my State and I love my district, but we have real challenges.    You know, I have got a police force that is under consent decree that also has one of the lowest staffing in the country and is in real trouble in terms of recruitment and staffing. So leveraging there is not leveraging.    And the reality is is that we are not keeping up and we have a real public safety issue, and we have got a confidence issue. And it needs to be addressed, so what else can we be doing? And you ought to take into account all those kinds of circumstances. So the reality is, because those boxes are still damaged and we still have a problem, people don't have access to their mail.    Ms. Lujan Grisham. And it is recognizable when you see all these damaged boxes in my community. It is a huge problem.    Mr. Chairman, I yield back the rest of my time.