    Mr. Concannon. Thank you very much. Chairmen and members of the committee, I appreciate the opportunity to explain directly FNS's efforts to assure the integrity of the SNAP program. Integrity is essential to SNAP's success, and so it's paramount to me personally and to the agency. And as I've said many times, we have zero tolerance for fraud in SNAP.    SNAP provides essential food assistance, nutrition education, work-support services to 44.3 million low-income individuals. In 2014, 64 percent of recipients were children, seniors, and those with disabilities, and 42 percent lived in a household with earnings. To those who claim that SNAP discourages work, I say that the data clearly states otherwise.    In SNAP, those who can work must register to do so and accept a job if offered. This core program requirement cannot be waived by a State. In 2015, 13.6 million SNAP recipients were registered to work. USDA funds SNAP's employment and training programs to support States in helping recipients find and keep good-paying jobs.    In 2015, SNAP EBT served more than 1 million recipients. Unfortunately, some State agencies do too little to use the Federal funding, technical assistance, and support available. So USDA has expanded its capacity to help States meet their E&T responsibilities through the newly established Office of Employment and Training, staff of the team with long experience at both the Federal and State level. They're building a more robust foundation of monitor, improve, and promote SNAP EBT.    I believe strongly that the public's concern over high SNAP participation must be resolved in the right way, by getting people jobs. The wrong way is to reduce cost, is to kick people off SNAP, or worse, block grant it, which would also erode the national standards and accountability that helps make SNAP effective.    Let me turn now to program integrity. USDA's focus on identifying, penalizing, and excluding those who seek to defraud SNAP has reduced trafficking from 4 percent to 1.3 percent over the last 20 years. While this is real progress when almost $70 billion total are involved, there's no acceptable level of fraud, and complacency is never an option. Continuous attention, energy, and diligence are required.    This administration is pursuing an energetic anti-trafficking strategy. First, we've organized SNAP retailer management into a single centralized business structure that targets resources to high-risk areas. Second, we use data analytics to closely track EBT transactions and identify stores most likely to traffic. Third, we've upgraded our alert system with state-of-the-art technology to better detect suspicious activity and are strengthening policies to combat misuse of benefits and impose stronger penalties against retailers who break the rules. Store owners that traffic are disqualified for life.    And on the GAO report, we're in mutual agreement and support both the findings and the recommendations of the GAO audit. These efforts bring real results. In 2015, we issued almost 2,700 sanctions against violating retailers, a 21 percent increase over the prior year. More than 1,900 store owners were permanently disqualified for trafficking or falsifying applications, and over 700 are sanctioned for other violations.    We believe that predictive data analytics, combined with related information such as excessive requests for card replacements can be real game-changers in targeting the most likely trafficking recipients. Unfortunately, very few States really take advantage of this option, so there's much room for improvement.    While the Federal Government is responsible for controlling retailer trafficking, action against recipient trafficking, the other side of the same crime, is a State agency responsibility. States conduct investigations of recipient fraud, disqualify violation of SNAP, and make claims to recover improperly received benefits.    That said, I must caution that while some States see photo EBT cards as a solution to trafficking, it does not work as well as they may think. Let me explain. SNAP is a household benefit, so any member of that household may legally use that card. Putting one person's photo on the card simply creates confusion at the point of sale. A card with a photo cannot and will not prevent two bad actors from breaking the law, case-in-point, the 2001 audit in the State of Missouri. But it is an option for States, and our main concern is that States that implement photo EBT comply with Federal law and regulation. That's part of our oversight duties.    One final but very important point I want to make, the majority of SNAP recipients honor the rules, play by the rules, as is true of the majority of retailers as well. The Nation entrusts USDA and our State partners to administer SNAP with accountability and integrity. Americans expect and deserve their government to manage hard-earned tax dollars. Without that, we simply cannot sustain public confidence. That's why we are committed to tough action to find and punish fraud.    Thank you.    Mr. Concannon. They must do it, though, within the framework of Federal law and regulations, and that was the issue in Maine.    Mr. Concannon. Poorly implemented, and I want    Mr. Concannon. Mr. Chairman, I'd like the opportunity to respond ----    Mr. Concannon. I very much appreciate that. And just incidentally for the record, I'm a legal resident of the State of Maine, very familiar with what goes on ----    Mr. Concannon. There's a considerable other side to the story.    Mr. Concannon. No, we did not.    Mr. Concannon. We did not.    Mr. Connolly.--it is an option?    Mr. Concannon. We asked them, though, before they proceeded to make sure that they had done their training and so on, and they insisted on going ahead.    Mr. Concannon. And so we had a problem.    Mr. Concannon. The earnings ----    Mr. Concannon. Okay.    Mr. Concannon. Yes.    Mr. Concannon. Yes, because anybody living in the household, their income is included in the SNAP benefit.    Mr. Concannon. Anybody in the household is included in the benefit.    Mr. Concannon. I'm not sure what number you're referring to.    Mr. Concannon. Yes. So your--if you're talking about children, for example, almost half of the folks on food stamps are children, then seniors and people with disabilities ----    Mr. Concannon.--and parents working for ----    Mr. Palmer.--you said ----    Mr. Concannon.--very young children.    Mr. Palmer.--42 percent of SNAP participants lived in a household with a working adult, and then your 2013 report says that 75 percent had no earned income, and I just want to point out that inconsistency for the record.    Ms. Mayhew ----    Mr. Concannon. I would be happy to provide you with clarification.    Mr. Palmer.--you may be aware that in some--I beg your pardon?    Mr. Concannon. We'd be happy to provide you with clarification on that in writing.    Mr. Concannon. If I may, Congresswoman, on the improper payment rate for the SNAP program, this refers to when consumers come into the program, 60 percent of that problem are mistakes made by State or county ----    Mr. Concannon. Well, they may not correctly record the income of the consumer. Forty percent is on a--the mistake is made by the consumer, occasionally deliberately but often it may be, hey, I didn't properly report my income or my spouse or somebody else considered in the household had some part-time income. So--but 60 percent of it is a State mistake.    When we look at improper payments, the chair referenced the $2 billion or so estimate. That's the combined underpayment as well as overpayment because about two-thirds of it is an overpayment on the part of the State, but about one-third of it is we underpay consumers based on the--and the convention has been the requirement--this used to drive me crazy when I was a State director--we have to count both of them as though they were aggregated together.    Mr. Concannon. Well, I might point out something that was referenced earlier to the deep recession we have just come through. Prior to that deep recession, again, I spent 25 years as a State director in different States. Across the country, typically, about half of the people who are eligible for the program were receiving it. They met the income eligibility, they were citizens of the United States who are here legally. Only about half were receiving it.    During the deep recession, more people came forward but also States on a bipartisan basis, Democrats and Republican Governors, simplified the process still within the law. And now, about estimated 85 percent of people who meet the eligibility requirements receive the benefit.    Mr. Concannon. I travel across the country, including Florida, Maine, I was in Michigan earlier this week. As has already been noted, it is a rarity. I want to be very clear on that, that there are 44 million people in the country. The vast majority of them abide by the rules. Just as there are 260,000 authorized retailers, most of them abide by the rules, but we have a proposal out these days to strengthen the requirements for convenience stores. That's where much of this happens.    I do want to make a comment on something you mentioned because I think it's a misunderstanding. One, there is no penalty in the SNAP program if you're married or not married. If you live in the same household with somebody, you share the meal, we count that whether you're married or not, so there is not a marriage penalty. And I just want to be clear about that because when that's expressed, people don't understand that. They think, hey, that's a problem.    Mr. Concannon. It's not part of the SNAP program.    Mr. Concannon. Total expenditure including administration, $75 billion.    Mr. Concannon. No, I do not.    Mr. Concannon. Well, that was before the ----    Mr. Concannon. That was before the deep recession the country went through, so I'm not surprised by that.    Mr. Concannon. Forty-four point three million people receive the benefit each month.    Mr. Concannon. Yes, we can give you that. I know that just under half are children, another 10 percent are people with disabilities, another close to 10 percent are seniors, some adults, but we can give you the actual percentage, a very small percentage ----    Mr. Concannon.--of them.    Mr. Jordan.--are kids, 10 percent are individuals with disabilities, 10 percent are seniors, so is that 30 percent are ----    Mr. Concannon. No, it isn't 30 percent. It's another--it's about 10 percent are adults without dependents, able-bodied adults without dependents.    Mr. Concannon. Correct, in that range.    Mr. Concannon. Thank you very much for the question. Thank you for introducing that act, the health incentive pilot was highly success. And early this week I was in Michigan. I've seen firsthand discussions with community leaders around the country on the impact of SNAP now.    As has been mentioned earlier, nearly half of the recipients on SNAP--it's 48 percent plus--are children, another 10 percent are people with disabilities, another seniors and other parents looking after young children. But I also want to emphasize again something that's been mentioned already. Forty-two percent, two out of every five persons living in a SNAP household, at least one of the adults is in--currently in the workforce. And that income is counted in the benefit.    And to me, the--that's the highest rate of people working in the history of the program and it, to me, reflects the fact that across the country more and more people are getting part-time jobs or they're struggling with low wages that still qualify them for the benefit. So I think that's something that ought to be really more fully discussed by Congress now. There's--say what can we do about that?    In places across the country, economists tell us the recession is over for many but it's not over for tens of millions of people in places like Maine to be perfectly frank or just about any State in the country. And so the program has very much become a supplement. That is by intent to--for wages and health for families.    And I think it gets very stereotyped in some quarters I think very unfairly. There's a very low fraud rate, there's a very low rate of misuse of the funds. We don't tolerate it. But poor income people, whether they're from Florida, Maine, or any other State shouldn't be painted as though they are among that small minority who are misusing the program. That's not the history of the program across the country.    Mr. Concannon. Thank you, Mr. Chair. I'll try to be brief. I just wanted to mention the way we derive that figure of 1.3 percent. When we take a small store out of the program, and last year, it was like 2,300 stores--most of the trafficking, by the way, happens in small stores. Supermarket chains won't tolerate it, Walmart, Hannaford Brothers up in Maine, they're not going to tolerate that.    So when we take a small store out, we ascribe 90 percent of the annual use of food stamp benefits or SNAP benefits in that store as though it were trafficking. And if it's a larger store, we ascribe 40 percent. That's how we get to the 1.3 percent. If anything, it's a conservative estimate, so I want to be clear on that. We're not just counting ----    Mr. Concannon. We're getting pushback on that issue.    Mr. Concannon. Okay.    Mr. Concannon. Interestingly enough ----    Mr. Concannon. Most of our fraud is coming from data analytics. It's not coming from ----    Mr. Concannon. We can never say we have enough.    Mr. Concannon. Well, thank you very much for the question. Let me just, in support of the Congresswoman's concerns, confirm that I believe New Mexico is probably the most fouled up SNAP system in the United States right now and has been, unfortunately, I think for years. There is a major Federal lawsuit that's been underway there for many, many years, and I think even the courts have been less than successful in getting the State to really fully respond.    We have been engaged with the State offering them additional support, offering them additional technical assistance just as--we also are in receipt of that letter from     Mr. Concannon. It is being investigated ----    Ms. Lujan Grisham.--programs.    Mr. Concannon. The--since that letter from AFSCME, the State--the State IG in New Mexico is investigating that--those claims. We also had a visit to several of their offices in May. We did not identify that in our management review of those two offices, but I--the State inspector general is currently investigating the State for those very claims.    Mr. Concannon. Yes, you do, but I ----    Mr. Concannon. No, we have involvement.    Mr. Concannon. I'm just saying that it's the State agency that is at fault here, not the consumers ----    Mr. Concannon. Well ----    Mr. Concannon. I don't accept that, that we are not ----    Mr. Concannon. No, it's not a double standard. I haven't said we haven't responded. I've said we've been doing evaluations of New Mexico. We're not happy with their performance.    Mr. Concannon.--We have offered them ----    Mr. Meadows.--going on at this point?    Mr. Concannon. Yes, there is, the inspector general ----    Mr. Concannon. I can't ----    Mr. Meadows.--or USDA, is there any ----    Mr. Concannon. I can't speak for the OIG because I don't ----    Mr. Concannon. I know they're aware of it ----    Mr. Concannon. I'd be happy to.    Mr. Concannon. No, we have not paid the bonus ----    Mr. Concannon. Because we have some concerns about the ----    Mr. Concannon. Well, no ----    Mr. Concannon. That's--I'm not translating that ----    Mr. Concannon. Because I want to make sure that what we are getting are valid reports from States across the country.    Mr. Concannon. I'm holding all of them up.    Mr. Concannon. As soon as I'm satisfied and others ----    Mr. Concannon.--I want to be ----    Mr. Meadows.--some days. When will you report back this committee? Thirty days, is that enough to evaluate it?    Mr. Concannon. No, it may take longer than that because we're in the middle of investigating that right across the country right now, not just in Florida, in States right across ----    Mr. Concannon. I'm not sure if we do.    Mr. Concannon. I'm willing to report back to the committee within 30 days, but I'm not sure whether the matter will be resolved ----    Mr. Concannon. I said he's doing a good job. I didn't say he deserves a bonus ----    Mr. Concannon. We could certainly on SNAP, on food stamp benefits. As the commissioner mentioned, those benefits you're talking about in those several States include other functions that are on that same EBT card, so I'd caution against that. The majority ----    Mr. Concannon. We can give you the information for SNAP, not for ----    Mr. Meadows.--I mean, as we look at that--Mr. Carroll, let me point out one thing, and, Mr. Concannon, I want to come back to you because I mentioned bonus things and it was really just a footnote. I want to make sure, Mr. Carroll, you have not asked me to address that, and I want you to hear that, Mr. Concannon. The relationship between the two of you I think is a very good one. It is one that I want to continue to support and applaud. And so my interaction here is more of frustration out of trying to make sure that we don't create a disincentive for good performance. And when you have someone who is performing well, I want to make sure that the compensation is there.    And the other aspect, Mr. Concannon, and I will close with part of this, if you are asking the States to really look and police the recipients, would it not be prudent to allow them to police the retailers as well? And I am not asking for--you can comment on that if you would like.    Mr. Concannon. Yes, I can comment on it because we have given--for example, Maine, we entered into a--what we call a SLEB agreement. We have one in Florida as well where we allow them to--the police agencies to--if you suspect something is going on, I'm aware that we have an agreement currently out on the West Coast with a State that States can come forward, one, report to us that they're--here's my complaint in all of this. I am confident we're going after stores across the country. I'm a lot less confident that States, with due respect, are going after the individuals who are using places like that Opa-locka market or whatever it's called. And we have urged States ----    Mr. Concannon.--to take a store out ----    Mr. Meadows.--but that is okay.    Mr. Concannon. We--okay. Well, when we take a store out, I have urged States--these people have been at meetings when I've said to them look at the redemption history in the previous 3, 6 months and you will see by--based on the amounts of redemption, the time of day, where people are from, you will identify, and yet it's a handful.    Mr. Concannon. I think in Maine last year, the year before, two people were taken out of the program for trafficking ----    Mr. Concannon. Yes, we've actually ----    Mr. Concannon. We've made grants to these States, Maine including ----    Mr. Concannon. Yes, we have.    Mr. Concannon. No, they have started.    Mr. Meadows.--in your other sworn testimony ----    Mr. Concannon. They have started.    Mr. Meadows.--so you may want to check with your staff behind it. What kind of pilots ----    Mr. Concannon. No, we have ----    Mr. Meadows.--have you done?    Mr. Concannon. We have made grants to these States ----    Mr. Concannon. Okay. Some of the ----    Mr. Meadows.--was very specific. It said for you to set up pilots to do that. I voted for the farm bill, and so I know that it's there.    Mr. Concannon. Terrific.    Mr. Meadows.--there. So have you ----    Mr. Concannon. Great.    Mr. Meadows.--done any pilots?    Mr. Concannon. Yes, we have.    Mr. Concannon. There are a list of them here. We'll give you a number--Maine is one of them on case management, for example, where we've given Maine money, and there are some other examples ----    Mr. Concannon. SLEB agreements with a number of States as well ----    Mr. Concannon. No. What's true is this. If somebody moves in with you, whether they are married or not, their income is counted in the SNAP program ----    Mr. Concannon.--period.    Mr. Grothman.--Mr. Concannon. That's exactly right. So first of all, assuming you catch somebody has moved in, which a lot of times is not--I'd argue most times is not--but if you decide to move in with the father of your children and the father of your children is making $40,000 a year, will you not lose the SNAP benefit?    Mr. Concannon. Yes.    Mr. Concannon. Yes, I do. I support the program and I--again, when I meet with commissioners, I tell them do data matches with other States. You can do it in batch. You don't have to do it exactly the way that was structured. The beauty of that particular pilot was it was real-time so they could identify people. But there are ways to identify people trying to enroll in other States by even doing simple match processing matches, and I highly supported that.    Mr. Concannon. That I don't know at this time. If States come forward and say we want to do it, we're certainly interested in it.    Mr. Concannon. Yes.    Mr. Concannon. I'm with you totally on that.    Mr. Concannon. I'm certainly willing to work with you and with the committee on it. I want to make sure that what we can do is going to be legally okay by the Office of General Counsel ----    Mr. Concannon. No, no--but they may say to us, look, you have that responsibility. You can't turn it over completely to the State.    Mr. Concannon. Now, we may be able to give them more authority.    Mr. Concannon. Yes, but I think the point, though, he's making that the evidence standard is still a higher one. That hasn't solved that issue.    Mr. Concannon. That hasn't solved that.    Mr. Concannon. It could. It could. We're doing variations on that with a Western State right now, so we'll have to see whether that works.    Mr. Concannon. We ----    Mr. Concannon. They are working on an update of that ----    Mr. Concannon.--right now. I don't know what ----    Mr. Meadows.--time? If 120 days is not reasonable, what is reasonable?    Mr. Concannon. End of calendar year this year because that's--it's very complicated, but end of calendar year, December.    Mr. Concannon. They are currently working on it right now, but they have just advised me, the people who are working on it, that we won't have it until the end of the calendar year.    Mr. Concannon. Two thousand twelve to fourteen is the current time period they're working on.    Mr. Concannon. I think they're already working on it so I don't think I can.    Mr. Concannon. Well, they are the researchers so ----    Mr. Concannon. Correct.    Mr. Concannon. Well, actually, the farm bill authorized depth of stock is the term ----    Mr. Concannon. So it isn't just ----    Mr. Concannon.--the ----    Mr. Meadows.--priority is fraud first.    Mr. Concannon. Okay.