    Mr. Gruenberg. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Chairman Duffy, Ranking Member Green, and members of the subcommittee, I appreciate the opportunity today to testify about the FDIC's role with the Department of Justice's Operation Choke Point.    One of the biggest changes in banking over the past decade has been the rapid growth of electronic commerce. With the growth in electronic transactions, there has been a corresponding growth in online illegal activity and consumer fraud. Much of this online activity requires access to the banking system often through third-party payment processors, which has been the focus of supervisory attention.    While the vast majority of electronic transactions are legal, identifying the illegal transactions hidden among the billions of annual transactions is a major challenge for banks and regulators. Banks that help facilitate or ignore warning signs of illegal activity can find themselves held liable for this conduct which, in extreme cases, can even threaten the health of the bank.    As a bank regulator, the FDIC has a responsibility to inform the banks under our supervision about developing risks in the financial system. It also is our responsibility to ensure that banks have policies and procedures in place to identify and monitor these risks and take reasonable measures to manage and address them.    As we have stated, the FDIC's policy is that financial institutions that properly manage relationships and effectively mitigate risks are neither prohibited nor discouraged from providing services to customers, regardless of the customer's business, provided the customers are operating in compliance with applicable State and Federal law.    The FDIC's interaction with the Justice Department's Operation Choke Point grew out of the interest in ensuring the banks under our supervision are not facilitating illegal activity, especially online.    I first learned about the FDIC's interactions with the Justice Department on Operation Choke Point in August of 2013, when I received a letter from Members of Congress expressing concerns that the Justice Department and the FDIC were pressuring banks and third-party payment processors to terminate business relationships with lawful businesses.    Upon inquiring, FDIC staff informed me that in early 2013, staff at the FDIC became aware that the Justice Department was conducting an investigation into the use of banks and third-party payment processors to facilitate illegal and fraudulent activities. It was understood by the FDIC that the Justice Department's efforts were aimed at addressing illegal activity being processed through banks.    The FDIC frequently coordinates with other agencies, both Federal and State, in its supervision of its regulated institutions. Staff informed me that FDIC attorneys communicated and cooperated with Justice Department staff involved in these investigations based on an interest in any illegal activity that may involve FDIC-supervised institutions.    Nonetheless, based on the expressed concerns, it became clear that there was a need to clarify and strengthen the FDIC's supervisory approach and processes. In an attempt to address these concerns, we have taken five significant actions.    First, the FDIC issued a public statement clarifying our policy and supervisory approach. This was intended to ensure that examiners and financial institutions understand that banks with properly managed customer relationships will not be criticized for providing services to customers operating in compliance with applicable Federal and State law.    Second, the FDIC removed the list of examples from our outstanding guidance that was intended to provide greater clarity to the banking industry on how to safely conduct certain customer relationships. That these examples came to be viewed as a prohibition on serving certain customers was clearly, in hindsight, a failure on our part.    Third, the FDIC issued a memorandum to all FDIC supervision staff establishing new documentation and reporting procedures where the FDIC directs the financial institution to discontinue deposit account relationships.    Any such direction by an examiner must be in writing, must identify the legal and regulatory basis for the action, must be approved by the relevant Regional Director before taking effect, and must be reported quarterly to the FDIC Board.    In addition, I met with our six Regional Directors and took part in a nationwide all-hands call with FDIC examiners to make clear our policy and the importance of following the procedures.    Fourth, the FDIC published a toll-free number and email address for both the FDIC ombudsman and the Inspector General to encourage institutions concerned that FDIC supervisory staff are not following FDIC policies on providing banking services to make confidential reports to the ombudsman or IG.    And finally, the FDIC also issued a public statement on derisking, encouraging banks to take a risk-based approach in assessing individual customer relationships rather than declining to provide banking services to entire categories of customers without regard to the risks presented by an individual customer or the financial institution's ability to manage the risk.    Looking forward, as was noted, the FDIC's Inspector General is examining allegations concerning the FDIC's role in Operation Choke Point and allegations that have been made in regard to FDIC employees. We are cooperating fully with the IG. When we receive the report, we will review the findings carefully and take appropriate action to address issues identified with either our procedures or our employees.    That concludes my statement, Mr. Chairman. I will be glad to respond to any questions.    Mr. Gruenberg. Yes, Congressman.    Mr. Gruenberg. Congressman, as I just outlined, we have established written procedures to be followed in implementing the policy. Any time an examiner believes that a bank should discontinue a relationship with a customer, that recommendation has to be put in writing.    The writing has to explain both the legal and regulatory basis for the action. The recommendation then has to be reviewed by the Regional Director before it can take effect. And any actions that actually may be implemented have to be reported on a quarterly basis to the--    Mr. Gruenberg. Yes. As I also indicated, as part of the announcement that you referenced, in the statement we provided a phone number and email address for both our ombudsman and the FDIC Inspector General.    Mr. Gruenberg. It would depend on the action of the examiner, and it would be subject to review by the agency and, ultimately, if there is a basis for it, a disciplinary action.    Mr. Gruenberg. The list that I think is referenced appeared in a journal that the FDIC publishes called the Supervisory Insights journal.    There was an article that I believe appeared in June of 2011 that contained this list. The article was by two of our career employees. And the article was about giving information to banks about managing their relationships with third-party payment processors.    And as part of the article, there was a list that provided identifying categories of merchants that may pose an elevated risk, that banks have to do appropriate due diligence in regard to if they are going to provide services to those customers.    Mr. Gruenberg. The list was drawn, as I understand it--and, for what it is worth, that article appeared before I became Chairman--from similar industry lists that had been compiled identifying merchants that may pose an elevated risk to do business with, as well as experience that the FDIC had through its examination activities.    Mr. Gruenberg. As long as the bank has appropriate controls to manage the risk, and as long as the customer itself is doing its business in compliance with the law, there should be no issue.    And frankly, that is why we issued the guidance, to try to make that as clear as we can, and that is why we have adopted procedures to try to ensure that the guidance is being followed.    Mr. Gruenberg. Only to the extent that a client should be--if a customer should himself be engaged in illegal conduct, then that obviously poses a risk and a potential liability for the institution.    But I think the point of the guidance we have issued to our examiners is that if they think a bank should not continue a customer relationship, it has to be provided in writing to the institution.    And, in addition, the guidance says two things specifically. One, informal direction should not be provided, it has to be in writing, and the guidance specifically says the reputational risk, by itself, is not a basis for such an action.    Mr. Gruenberg. No, Congressman.    Mr. Gruenberg. As a general matter, no. Depending on the context, if we develop information, we may refer something to the Justice Department.    Mr. Gruenberg. I don't believe so, Congressman. As I indicated, the list that was referred to was from a Supervisory Insights journal article that first appeared back in June of 2011. I think the idea behind the article and the list was to provide information to banks on managing these client relationships.    I will say, as I indicated in my statement, that I do think the list was subsequently misunderstood. There were misimpressions of it, and conclusions were drawn that categories identified on the list were not eligible for banks to do business with, and that is really not the case.    And frankly, the fact that the list was viewed that way, from our standpoint, was a failure on our part. It was the reason we ultimately withdrew the list, because we believed it was being misunderstood and being misapplied, in effect.    Mr. Gruenberg. Not to my knowledge, Congressman.    Mr. Gruenberg. Not to my knowledge.    Mr. Gruenberg. No, sir.    Mr. Gruenberg. I have had three opportunities during the course of my service as the President each year has met with the financial regulators as a group. And I have had the privilege of participating in those meetings.    Mr. Gruenberg. No, Congressman.    Mr. Gruenberg. Thank you, Congressman.    The letter that you refer to was--    Mr. Gruenberg. I understand.    The quote that you referenced was not consistent with our policy and, frankly, was a mistake and was one of the things that prompted us to be concerned about the misunderstanding of what our policy was and led us in September of 2013 to issue a financial institution letter to clarify that policy.    And the clarification stated that as long as the bank has appropriate controls, and as long as the customer is complying with the law, a bank is neither prohibited nor discouraged from doing business with that customer. So the letter you reference was not consistent with our policy.    Mr. Gruenberg. Look, I agree with you. And, Congressman, for what it is worth, we have made multiple efforts now to clarify that to both bankers and to our examiners.    So we issued the financial institution letter in September of 2013 clarifying the policy. We issued a financial institution letter in July of 2014 withdrawing the list and explicitly saying that it is just a question of having appropriate controls by the bank and the customer complying with the law.    Then we issued a statement in January, a public statement, indicating to banks that risks should be determined on an individual customer basis, not on the basis of a category of businesses to which the customer may belong.    We have issued public guidance to our examiners, laying out the specific procedures for our examiners to follow. And we have established and made public both phone numbers and email addresses for our ombudsman and our Inspector General so that if a banker believes that an FDIC examiner is not complying with the procedures--    Mr. Gruenberg. Yes, sir.    Mr. Gruenberg. I think it was a mistake, frankly, on the part--    Mr. Gruenberg. --of the author of that letter.    Mr. Gruenberg. They are still with the FDIC.    Mr. Gruenberg. As you know, the House Oversight Committee undertook a report. It was one of the items identified in that report. After receiving the report--    Mr. Gruenberg. We have requested our Inspector General to review the conduct of the individual there, as well as a number of others, as well as any others that the Inspector General may identify. And that review is currently under way.    Mr. Gruenberg. Yes, Congressman.    Mr. Gruenberg. Yes, Congressman. We have put in writing in a letter that our direction to banks is to follow the FinCEN guidance.    Mr. Gruenberg. If I may, Congressman, let us take a look at that. And we will be glad to engage with you and your staff in regard to it.    Mr. Gruenberg. That is probably a tricky call on the part of the institution because, as you know, they are under a legal obligation, if they identify suspicious activity, to report it. So, frankly I would have to give that one a little bit of thought.    Mr. Gruenberg. As you know, Wachovia was a nationally chartered bank under the supervision of the OCC, so I believe it was actually an OCC enforcement action. But we can certainly get that information for you, Congressman.    Mr. Gruenberg. It was substantial.    Mr. Gruenberg. Thank you.    Mr. Gruenberg. As you know, Congressman, our relationship is with the institution.    Mr. Gruenberg. And, frankly, that is the issue we are trying to address. I don't know that we can--to the extent there was an impact in the past because of misunderstandings in regard to what our policy was, that is something we regret, and frankly, acknowledge the failure, if there was any consequence of that kind as a result of the list that was issued.    I think our objective now going forward is to ensure that our policy is well-understood and consistently implemented so that any business that is complying with applicable State and Federal law should have access to a banking relationship and that the bank should be clear that there is no prohibition or discouragement in regard to that.    And two points. If an examiner should ever raise a question or recommendation, again, as I made clear, we have now established policies where anything that is directed has to be in writing, the legal and regulatory basis has to be provided, and it can't be simply on some reputational concern, and it cannot be informal.    So we hope there is a sense of accountability here so that the institution--so that it only occurs in appropriate circumstances. And I think--    Mr. Gruenberg. Look, I hope that is not the case. We are making every effort--I should say, just to be clear, in terms of communicating to our examiners what the policy and expectation is, I met personally with all six of our Regional Directors and, as I indicated, I took part in a nationwide all-hands call for our examiners around the country to make clear both what our policy is and what the procedures are we expect them to follow. We have a very deep commitment to following through on this.    I understand the concerns you raise. If a business is engaging in--    Mr. Gruenberg. We announced the clarification of our policy a year ago. The procedures that I outlined were just announced in January. And I am hopeful and committed that they are going to be effectively implemented.    Mr. Gruenberg. I hope not, Congressman. As you know, we received that report from the Oversight Committee, I believe, in December of last year.    And pursuant to that report, there is now an Inspector General review going on both identifying the FDIC's conduct of its policy and whether or not it was consistent with the law and regulation and there were also specific individuals identified whose conduct is now under review by the Inspector General.    So I am hopeful, with these combined efforts, we will be able to address this issue effectively. But I agree that it is going to be an ongoing effort.    Mr. Gruenberg. The Inspector General is reviewing the conduct of these individuals. When that report is submitted, it is ultimately going to be reviewed by our Board.    And it is a review that will not be done unilaterally by me, but I will do it in conjunction with our two inside Directors, Vice Chairman Tom Hoenig and Director Jeremiah Norton.    So the three of us will have the opportunity to review and make a judgment on the facts found by the Inspector General and then, presumably, take action that is appropriate.    Mr. Gruenberg. Congressman, I have not heard that particular concern raised for institutions in the area that you described. We would be glad and, frankly, would welcome the opportunity to meet with you and your staff to discuss that.    Mr. Gruenberg. Thank you.    Mr. Gruenberg. Thank you.    Mr. Gruenberg. Congressman, as I previously indicated, that letter was not consistent with our policy and it was really one of the things that prompted us to issue the guidance clarifying it in September of 2013.    Mr. Gruenberg. That is correct.    Mr. Gruenberg. I can't speak to the facts of the circumstance. But if I may try to respond, if indeed that is what occurred, that would not be consistent with our policy. If indeed the banker--    Mr. Gruenberg. I think a couple of things, if the bank is willing. One, to report it to the supervisor, the regional office, to make us aware of it. There is also a dedicated email address to our ombudsman to report it on a confidential basis, or there is also a number and email address to report it to our Inspector General.    Mr. Gruenberg. I think it is fair to say we were still hearing concerns.    Mr. Gruenberg. Yes.    Mr. Gruenberg. Congressman, if the bank is willing, we would certainly--and I understand the concern about reprisal, so it is what makes these situations difficult.    Mr. Gruenberg. I understand. But if the bank is willing, we would welcome the opportunity to engage with the institution and understand the facts of the situation.    Mr. Gruenberg. Not to my knowledge.    Mr. Gruenberg. Those are public documents, Congressman, so they would be available to all the agencies.    Mr. Gruenberg. I don't--    Mr. Gruenberg. We don't have that right or authority, Congressman.    Mr. Gruenberg. That is something we have now asked our inspector--    Mr. Gruenberg. I am trying to--    Mr. Gruenberg. I understand the findings from the House Oversight Committee report, and as a result of that report, our Inspector General is conducting a review.    Mr. Gruenberg. Not to my knowledge.    Mr. Gruenberg. I am not sure what you are looking--    Mr. Gruenberg. I think I--if I may note, if I may say what I think you may be referencing.    Mr. Gruenberg. No, if I may answer. I will try to.    Mr. Gruenberg. The list that you are referencing appeared in a Supervisory Insights Journal article.    Mr. Gruenberg. That is an article that is not actually guidance but it is informational to the industry--    Mr. Gruenberg. No.    Mr. Gruenberg. No, sir. There was guidance issued in January of 2012, following on that Supervisory Insights Journal article, and there was a--in that guidance, there was a--identified some examples.    Mr. Gruenberg. To expand--    Mr. Gruenberg. Not to my knowledge.    Mr. Gruenberg. To extent it has occurred or an issue, it needs to be addressed, and we have asked the inspector--    Mr. Gruenberg. Yes.    Mr. Gruenberg. The report that you reference was released in December.    Mr. Gruenberg. About the allegations that you are raising, I believe when we received the report, and pursuant to that, we requested the Inspector General to review the conduct.    Mr. Gruenberg. These are career employees.    Mr. Gruenberg. The report came out in December and this is March.    Mr. Gruenberg. I don't believe so, Congressman.    Mr. Gruenberg. Sure, sure.    Mr. Gruenberg. No, no.    Mr. Gruenberg. I would say the general response has been positive because it both clarified the policy, and we hope our procedures will ensure that it is followed.    Mr. Gruenberg. I can't speak to that, Congressman.    Mr. Gruenberg. Yes. I agree with what you--in regard to the FinCEN position that the obligation is to know your customer and not to know, as you say, the customer of your customer.    Mr. Gruenberg. We actually issued guidance trying to clarify that point that this is not a no-fault or no-mistake system. We understand that mistakes may be made. The issue is, do they have an appropriate set of controls and policies? It is not a mistake-free environment. We understand that. And we tried to make that clear in our guidance.    Mr. Gruenberg. I believe there is an interagency effort, and we have participated in that.    Mr. Gruenberg. I think it is receiving serious attention. As you know, it is a challenging issue, so I don't know that we have a solution yet, but I think it is going to require a high-level effort among the agencies in conjunction with Treasury and the State Department as well, I expect. And I know you have been leading that effort.    Mr. Gruenberg. Yes. I would have to check on that, if I might, Congressman.    Mr. Gruenberg. I don't know.    Mr. Gruenberg. Yes. We are a member of the FFIEC.    Mr. Gruenberg. Yes, I do. They represent, as you know, the regulators of the insured depository institutions.    Mr. Gruenberg. Thank you, Congressman.    Mr. Gruenberg. Thank you, Congressman. As I indicated previously, we wanted to be sure that our examiners are implementing the policy that we have announced and clarified, which is that banks are neither prohibited nor discouraged from serving the customer as long as the customer is in compliance with State and Federal law and the bank has the appropriate procedures and controls. And we established a set of processes for examiners to follow in implementing the policy. I don't want to repeat it all again, but it has to be in writing, it has to cite the regulation and law, it has to be approved by the Regional Director, and ultimately, any actions have to be reviewed by our Board.    I took part in that nationwide all-hands call with all of our examiners nationwide to emphasize the importance both of the policy and of the importance of implementing the procedures to ensure that the policy is faithfully implemented. And I am very committed to this. I understand the concerns that have been raised. It is a balance that you have to strike here in that we want banks that have appropriate controls, and customers who are abiding by the law to have access to banking services. At the same time, we want banks to have an appropriate set of controls to identify any improper activity that may be going on. So, it is a balance to strike. It is what we are trying to do.    Mr. Gruenberg. Consistent with the call to all of our examiners, I met with our six Regional Directors who oversee our examiners around the country. Again, to emphasize the importance of and make clear the policy and the procedures that we are implementing to ensure that the policy is followed.    I wanted to send that message from me directly both to our Regional Directors as well as to our examiners.    Mr. Gruenberg. As I indicated, follow-through in implementation is really what is important here. That is the reason for the calls and the meetings and establishing the written policies. And we wanted to give bankers a recourse, that is, if they think an examiner is not acting appropriately, not following the policy, not implementing the procedures, we wanted to give them a confidential way to report that.    So we provided, in our public statement, a phone number and email address for our ombudsman, as well as a phone number and an email address for our Inspector General so that any banker who believes an examiner is not doing what they should be doing can report it on a confidential basis.    And frankly, I would hope the banker would make the effort to report it to our regional office so that we can act on it directly, but I understand the concern and desire of some bankers for confidentiality, so we wanted to give them an avenue to report the information on a confidential basis.    Mr. Gruenberg. Yes, I think so, Congressman.    Mr. Gruenberg. Just to be clear, the procedures that you just described we put in writing, they are public, and our examiners are expected to follow it, and the procedures make clear it has to be in writing. It cannot be in informal communication, and that reputational risk, by itself, is not the basis for an action. So, we have tried to be responsive to the concerns that have been raised.    Mr. Gruenberg. I don't believe that was the intention.    Mr. Gruenberg. For what it is worth, that article came out before I became Acting Chairman.    Mr. Gruenberg. I'm sorry?    Mr. Gruenberg. I don't believe it was, no, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Gruenberg. It would not have been consistent with our policy.    Mr. Gruenberg. I believe the general practice has been consistent with that policy. There may have been instances, and that is, frankly--    Mr. Gruenberg. We don't know that, frankly. That is what the inspector is--    Mr. Gruenberg. Yes, and that is what the--    Mr. Gruenberg. We have asked the inspector--    Mr. Gruenberg. When the--    Mr. Gruenberg. When the House--    Mr. Gruenberg. I am trying, if I may.    Mr. Gruenberg. The answer, I would say--    Mr. Gruenberg. I have looked into it, and the determination--    Mr. Gruenberg. I am trying to answer.    Mr. Gruenberg. The determination we made in conjunction with our inside Directors is this would--we needed to get the facts, and that is really the basis for the Inspector General review.    Mr. Gruenberg. Well, the report of the House Oversight Committee--    Mr. Gruenberg. Yes.    Mr. Gruenberg. We issued guidance in September of 2013. We withdrew the list in July of 2014. We have issued additional guidance, and we have also asked the Inspector General to--    Mr. Gruenberg. Yes, he is.    Mr. Gruenberg. Yes.    Mr. Gruenberg. Yes.    Mr. Gruenberg. And the--    Mr. Gruenberg. I think, as you know, the Inspector General is currently reviewing--    Mr. Gruenberg. If I may just answer.    Mr. Gruenberg. Yes, and it was important to us to get the facts in the case before taking any action.    Mr. Gruenberg. We have taken the actions I described, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Gruenberg. Yes, sir.    Mr. Gruenberg. He retired, I believe.    Mr. Gruenberg. Yes, I have.    Mr. Gruenberg. Yes.    Mr. Gruenberg. Well, the--    Mr. Gruenberg. No, no. Just so I understand, I think that email was referencing a comment by--    Mr. Gruenberg. --the individual you mentioned.    Mr. Gruenberg. Yes, and his conduct is under review as well.    Mr. Gruenberg. Not--    Mr. Gruenberg. --until we get the facts in the case, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Gruenberg. No. I think the view of myself and the other inside Directors was we wanted to get the facts in the case before making a judgment in regard to an employee.    Mr. Gruenberg. Yes.    Mr. Gruenberg. Yes.    Mr. Gruenberg. Yes.    Mr. Gruenberg. Yes, he is, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Gruenberg. We are awaiting the results of the--    Mr. Gruenberg. --IG's review of his conduct.    Mr. Gruenberg. Yes. I was--    Mr. Gruenberg. There are some States, as you know, that don't permit it, but--    Mr. Gruenberg. Yes.    Mr. Gruenberg. Yes.    Mr. Gruenberg. Yes.    Mr. Gruenberg. That is correct.    Mr. Gruenberg. Yes, I did.    Mr. Gruenberg. I saw them when I came in, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Gruenberg. As far as our conduct, we have made every effort to make our policies clear, that if the businesses are conducted in compliance with the law, they should--    Mr. Gruenberg. If I could just--    Mr. Gruenberg. They should have access to banking services. To the extent individuals may have acted inappropriately, that is currently under review by our Inspector General, and if there was misconduct, that will be then subject to a review by myself and the inside Directors at the FDIC.    Mr. Gruenberg. I did, sir.    Mr. Gruenberg. I would have to know which ones you are referring to.    Mr. Gruenberg. I don't know the document you are referring to.    Mr. Gruenberg. Yes.    Mr. Gruenberg. I don't know the context. I just don't know the context in which it is being used there, if I may.    Mr. Gruenberg. Again, I would have to see the document.    Mr. Gruenberg. Sure.    Mr. Gruenberg. You know what, I would need to see the document, and I would be glad to review it and get back to you, if that would be helpful.    Mr. Gruenberg. We issued guidance in September of 2013 making clear what the policy was, and then we withdrew the list in guidance issued in, I believe, in July 2014.    Mr. Gruenberg. I think that was never our policy, and we wanted to be clear that--    Mr. Gruenberg. --that was the case.    Mr. Gruenberg. I would have to look at the documents you are referring to, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Gruenberg. I want to know which one you are--    Mr. Gruenberg. What I would suggest, if you are okay with it, is if we could have an opportunity to review them and then we will get back to you.    Mr. Gruenberg. Yes. Well, Mr. Chairman, we have tried consistently, going back to when we received the letter from the Members of Congress, to respond to the concerns that have been raised. We have tried to clarify our policies. We have tried to address the issues raised by the list.    We cooperated with the investigation of the House Oversight Committee. When we received the results of that investigation and the report, we then tried to take action pursuant to it, both to the policies of the FDIC as well as to the individuals raised.    And in regards to the individuals--and I will say that all of the actions that we have taken over this period of time are done in consultation with our Vice Chairman. We have tried to do it on a basis that involves our Board, and we intend to work together to review the findings of the Inspector General.    So, we have tried, from my standpoint--I understand the points you make--to take a balanced approach to address this--    Mr. Gruenberg. --in a responsible way.    Mr. Gruenberg. Thank you.    Mr. Gruenberg. I don't know that there--at the first so--and we have also provided that for any actions taken there be a quarterly report to our Board.    Mr. Gruenberg. No, we will have that first report in April. We will be glad to share that with you, Congressman.    Mr. Gruenberg. Yes. We have 5 Board Members. If you would like me to name them?    Mr. Gruenberg. Vice Chairman Thomas Hoenig, and Director Jeremiah Norton, who are our two so-called inside Directors full-time at the FDIC, and then as a matter of law, the Comptroller of the Currency, who is now Thomas Curry, and the Director of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, Richard Cordray, who are also so-called outside Directors and Members of our Board.    Mr. Gruenberg. Certainly with the two inside Directors, yes, because these are matters that generally go to the internal management of the agency and are generally the focus of the attention of the internal Directors.    Mr. Gruenberg. I believe they are also aware of it, Congressman.    Mr. Gruenberg. I would have to check on--I believe they are aware. Certainly all the documents we have issued relating to guidance are public documents that are available, and we certainly made an effort to ensure Board accountability for these actions, so let me--let me get--if I may get back to you on that.    Mr. Gruenberg. I certainly agree with that, Congressman.    Mr. Gruenberg. Through the efforts that we have made and I have described at the hearing and we have talked about in our conversations as well. We have made every effort to make our policy clear. We have--clearly, there was a misunderstanding in regard to the list, which we acknowledge was a mistake on our part and we have withdrawn the list. As you indicated, we have established a set of procedures, written procedures for examiners to follow and to provide in writing any explanation of any actions in regard to a bank, and we have issued a statement in regard to derisking, that any actions by a bank should be based on the individual customer, not in regard to any category of business. And I have engaged in extensive outreach with our--both Regional Directors and our examiners around the country to try to make the policy and procedures clear.    Mr. Gruenberg. They are, but their conduct is also currently subject to review by the Inspector General.    Mr. Gruenberg. Yes.    Mr. Gruenberg. We established numbers and email addresses for both the IG and our ombudsman. Any reports to the IG are to the IG and are not available to us.    Our ombudsman has shared the--some of the results which--that the ombudsman has received, and I believe since the number and address--email address were made public, we have had 12 emails and 3 calls.    Mr. Gruenberg. I would encourage them to--if they were to approach an FDIC-supervised bank, we would make every effort to--assuming they are complying with the law as you indicate, that they have access to banking services.    Mr. Gruenberg. The 2013 guidance was FDIC guidance. There has been a guidance relating to third-party processors that has been issued by the FFIEC as well.    Mr. Gruenberg. There was guidance prior to that, and I believe there has been guidance and an update to that as well afterward also.    Mr. Gruenberg. The previous guidance issued by the FFIEC did also cite examples    Mr. Gruenberg. Just to be clear, in the financial institution letter issued in September of 2013, you could look at FFIEC guidance from September--from 2010 that was roughly comparable. The Supervisory Insights Journal article list was lengthier than a guidance that had been otherwise issued.    Mr. Gruenberg. And we have made clear in the guidance we have issued, and that guidance is public, that reputation alone is not the basis for a bank discontinuing a relationship with a customer.    Mr. Gruenberg. Offhand, I don't believe we have authority to do that, Congressman.    Mr. Gruenberg. One would think so, assuming they have the same credit profile.    Mr. Gruenberg. No, that is not routine, Congressman.    Mr. Gruenberg. We thought the allegations made were very serious, and both myself and the other internal Members of our Board felt it was important to get the facts, before making a judgment, in regard to conduct by an employee of potentially this consequence, that we wanted an independent review and the facts gathered by our Inspector General before reaching a judgment.    Mr. Gruenberg. Yes, Congressman, and I would note that the initial request for the IG investigation was made by Members of Congress, and then when we received the report of the House Oversight Committee, we--I supplemented that request by asking the IG to look specifically at individuals identified in the report.    Mr. Gruenberg. Based on the facts that are presented.    Mr. Gruenberg. Yes, the policy has been consistent.    Mr. Gruenberg. And I will say, I believe the policy has been consistent, and that is one of the things the Inspector General will be reviewing as well    Mr. Gruenberg. I don't believe it is what you have described. I think one of the things the Inspector General review will try to determine is the conduct of the agency over time and was the application of the policy generally consistent.    Mr. Gruenberg. Yes, Congressman.    Mr. Gruenberg. I believe so.    Mr. Gruenberg. No. It was a Justice Department program.    Mr. Gruenberg. No. I agree with the points you have made, Congressman. We have tried to take a deliberate and balanced approach to this to address the issues in an effective way, and we are very committed to following through.    I think the basic premise that businesses that are complying with the law should have access to banking services is a sound premise and an important one. We are committed to ensuring that we conduct our supervisory activities to achieve that outcome.