    Mr. Norcross. Thank you, Chairman. Certainly appreciate it.    And, you know, one of the duties that we have is to make decisions on these very difficult items, and it weighs heavily certainly on my mind and those of the people that I represent.    Certainly I have to agree with the witnesses when they talk about three reasons that we are even considering this: obviously the moral reason, which I agree with; the age and scope of the old AUMF; and certainly, it is our job, which actually brings me to the point of the question.    King Abdullah was here 2, 3 weeks ago, and it was the day that the video was released of his pilot being burned to death in a cage; that barbaric video. He stated, ``This is our war,'' indicating that he and his partners in the Gulf. It can't be America against them. ``We need your help, but it is our war.''    And the other item which really resonates with me: I have been fighting this for 1,400 years, and brings me back to what Mr. Smith had said is beating down the mole. So we heard the question earlier talking about what is a win, and certainly the nuts and bolts of a win can be debated. But I think those who we are targeting, it is not a team sport that they win and lose; it is a way of life.    And I think we have heard ample evidence of that, that they are willing to give everything up because they believe in this at a core level. Whether we think it is insane or not is immaterial.    But you had talked rather, General, directly against a timeframe. Couldn't the same argument be spoken about the timeframe is, each year we authorize a budget, and in many ways that is a timeframe.    I think it is the responsibility of the next President and next Congress to review what we are doing. And I don't think anybody in this room or in America doubts the resolve of the American people to back up our troops.    So I want to get your opinion on where we are going with the timeframe again, given that at any point they could point to the fact that we wouldn't fund this or the budget and appropriations. How is that different than the resolve of a 2- or a 3-year AUMF?    General Keane. Well, in my mind, I mean, the budget is an annual process, and that is quite different even though there are plenty of authorities in a budget, obviously, to fund military operations. But that is quite different from the AUMF, where you are authorizing military force for a specific purpose and then tying a timeframe to that authorization.    I am suggesting that why do that when you have plenty of authority yourselves in your normal oversight of the Department of Defense and the executive branch to make certain that you understand what is taking place and the progress that is taking place and you have the power of the purse in any event, which is your ultimate authority? I think it sends a message of a lack of resolve.    You know as well as I do that our friends in the region, and if you are speaking to them you know what I am about to say, that they have been questioning America's resolve in this region for some time now.    Mr. Norcross. Exactly why we are here today.    General Keane. And why add to that? Why add to that doubt about our resolve? After all, we are going to be largely depending on them dealing with this problem for years to come.    And secondly, I think it sends a message to the enemy that, well, America is not that serious. We are going to take a look at this in 3 years and see if we should be doing this. When anybody who is looking at this, I mean the reason why we have an authorization for military force is because I think it is an unstated, it is an unstated understanding that this--it will be protracted, that this is going to go on for years.    Mr. Norcross . Like a budgetary issue that we would be discussing each year. Couldn't they look at that from the very same perspective as you are suggesting?    General Keane. The normal oversight that takes place and the tough questions that are asked of, you know, the Department of Defense leadership, both civilian and military, that kind of rigorous analysis is never going to get communicated in the same way that the authorization for military force and the time constraint that is associated with it would be. I mean, that is a headline, and rigorous analysis in terms of the progress we are making is not. I think those are two very different things and quite separate, frankly.    Mr. Norcross. Thank you.    The Chairman. Mr. Franks.