    Mr. Abraham. Thank you, Madam Chair, and I thank the doctors for being here, too.    Dr. Marzullo, is there any way the National Coordination Office itself can be improved, enhanced to support NITRD?    Mr. Abraham. All right. Dr. Hager, how often is the NITRD Program reviewed, and how often would you want it--to review it?    Mr. Abraham. What would you say would be the ideal number?    Mr. Abraham. Okay.    Mr. Abraham. Now, in your report you made several recommendations to NITRD. The stakeholders themselves, how are they receiving those? Are they a positive response, pushback? What's their take on the recs you made?    Mr. Abraham. Okay. And this is for any or all of you. I know the DOE is not part of the NITRD right now. Would that be a good thing, the Department of Education?    Mr. Abraham. But they're not a--just a steadfast member? They do bring people in, though?    Mr. Abraham. And you think that's good enough? I mean you're getting enough input from that aspect to do some good things with them?    Mr. Abraham. Education.    Mr. Abraham. Okay. All right. Thank you, Madam Chair. I yield back.    Chairwoman Comstock. Thank you. Actually, I will take the prerogative of one more question picking up on talking about the workshops that were often more helpful for the students than the classrooms. I was wondering if all of you might address a little bit about how we need to change education for dealing with the rapid changes that are going on in this whole industry. I think of a friend of mine, his son who's a brilliant student, went to Stanford, and then came to him after the first semester and said, you know, Dad, I'm dropping out of school. You know, as the Dad, you're kind of like oh, no, and he said, no, it's good. Like I'm going to work because if I don't go out and work in this field, I'm going to get behind by being in the classroom. So he was taking his classes while he's working and doing this because he was worried kind of about what you said.    So how can we change that education framework and dynamic and really have a--I mean he's making money now while he's taking his classes, too. And I've seen in my district we have a cybersecurity high school program. So how can we push this down to high school, too, where these kids are getting trained to go into the cybersecurity field out of high school and they are being recruited out of high school into really good-paying jobs, and then having those employers pay for them to get college credits as they move forward? So they basically have a free college degree waiting for them when they get out of this program. So how we can really modernize our education system to deal with this quickly adapting industry?