    Mr. Palmer. Thank you, Madam Chair.    Dr. Tierney, I want to ask you some questions about how you intend to enforce, say, the water rule, how aggressive you are going to be on that?    Mr. Palmer. On the water rules, EPA has been very aggressive in enforcement. It has gone from a regulatory agency to almost operating like a police State. I will be blunt about it. There have been cases where the EPA, your armed division, has shown up with body armor and weapons drawn.    Can you give me some idea of what the threat assessment might be that would justify that kind of intervention?    Mr. Palmer. Are any of the other witnesses aware of any cases where the EPA has come in with armed agents? We have had at least two of those in Alabama and one in Alaska. I find it interesting that the EPA is implementing these rules and conducting themselves in a way that is more reflective of a police State than a regulatory agency.    Mr. Palmer. I don't think that would justify an armed agent. If you think someone has violated a rule, I think the first thing you do is send down a regulator and interview witnesses. I know specifically of a case where that didn't happen.    They showed up in a relatively small town at their waste treatment facility. I have not been to the waste treatment facility but I am fairly certain there are no sniper towers or machine gun nests or anything there that would justify that kind of intervention.    Let us turn to the Clean Power Plan the EPA is trying to impose. It is going to be enormously costly. Have you given any thought to the fact that the Department of Energy and the EPA would like to see us go to the vast majority of our power coming from renewable, that our power grid will not support that?    Mr. Palmer. From my perspective, it is the intention of the EPA, and I think this Administration, to eliminate fossil fuel, to shut down the coal industry. They have been fairly transparent about it.    Their plans are to have us at 80 percent renewable in the next two or three decades. Our electric grid is not designed for that. There is a study out of Cal Tech that indicates it will cost $1 trillion to upgrade our grid so it can do that.    Mr. Palmer. Do you realize that when you talk about supplementing your renewables with natural gas, you are admitting that renewables are not a legitimate or reliable source of energy?    Mr. Palmer. What we are having right now with wind turbines having to dump power because we don't have an economical way of storing power. If we go to renewable and back it up with natural gas, you are still going to have a major redesign issue for the infrastructure.    Mr. Palmer. There is a huge disagreement over whether or not in a timely manner, it would be an economically sound alternative.    Thank you, Madam Chair.