    Mrs. Blackburn. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And I want to welcome our witnesses, and highlight a couple of things that have already been said that I think are important to all of us on the panel.    As the chairman mentioned, 10 million adults in the U.S. had a serious mental illness during 2013. That should not be lost on us. And we also were very concerned about coordination of care, and we are going to have some questions about that. I have discussed this with some of the mental health professionals in my district who are involved in this coordination of care. And Ms. DeGette's comments are so on point with so much of what we are going to look at, the money that is spent. Your budget is a hefty budget for substance abuse and mental illness, but the lack of coordination of care, the lack of the resources meeting the needs at the local and state agencies, how this feeds through, this is something that does cause us concern. We are pleased to hear from the GAO today, and we want to look at where the recommendations the GAO has, how they have fallen on deaf ears at HHS and SAMHSA, and we are concerned about the delivery of parity, if you will, in mental illness and addressing those needs, and we are concerned with what appears to be a great deal of indifference when it comes to just spending money but not getting results.    So I will yield back my time, Mr. Chairman, or yield to whomever would like to have the time. And we look forward to hearing from our witnesses.    Mrs. Blackburn. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Let us stay with this issue of efficacy because I think it is so important. And, Ms. Hyde, I want to come to you on this. Your strategic plan, the 2011-2014 strategic plan, does acknowledge the need for coordination to solve the problems of homelessness, joblessness, educational challenges of the serious mental ill. The GAO report says this is not taking place, so we are wanting to see where the outcomes are. So does SAMHSA believe that the present state of program staff level, as opposed to agency level coordination, within and across different agencies, and Mr. Frank talked a little bit about this, that it is adequate to achieve the GAO-approved standards of interagency coordination, despite the concerns expressed by the GAO report?    Mrs. Blackburn. Ms. Hyde, let me interrupt you right there. Yes, you are doing work, but we are not seeing that you are achieving outcomes. Now, you get $3.6 billion a year. How much of that money, and I want a detail on this, how much of that money is going to make it down to the local and state agency level to help with these problems, and how much of that are you all keeping here in D.C. over at the agency? I want to know where this money is going and where it is meeting the need, because we are not seeing the outcomes. And you can submit that to me.    Dr. Frank, let me come to you. You say serious mental illness is a collection of problems. And yes, you have substance abuse and mental health, we understand that. Should Congress help you out on this? Should we help you and legislate a definition of serious mental illness? Do you need us to do that to help you get to the point of saying here is a problem, we can define it, here is an action item, here is what the expected outcome. Yes or no?    Mrs. Blackburn. OK. Well, then let us pull Congress into this, and as we are trying to get to a point of coordination, how about working with the Energy and Commerce Committee, or perhaps keeping an open mind to GAO's recommendations rather than rejecting them outright, so that we can say here is the definition of serious mental illness, and here is what the expected outcomes are going to be to help individuals. See, I don't think we are ever going to get to mental health parity unless we can do this. We can admit there is a problem in how we address it, how we expend these funds.    So are you all willing to keep an open mind to the GAO's report say maybe we are not meeting the need, and maybe we are missing the mark on this one? Are you open-minded about that?    Mrs. Blackburn. Each of you. Go ahead.    Mrs. Blackburn. Are you open-minded to working with us----    Mrs. Blackburn . To get to the bottom of this? OK, Ms.----    Mrs. Blackburn. Ms. Hyde?    Mrs. Blackburn. Sure.    Mrs. Blackburn. Yes.    Mrs. Blackburn. On the total thing. I appreciate that.    Let me ask you this, Dr. Frank, I only have 24 seconds left. If we were to move to zero-base budgeting, where you start from dollar one ever year and build out your programs based on what is working, would that be helpful to you? So would you have more flexibility there?    Mrs. Blackburn. OK. I yield back.