    Mr. Collins. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And thank you, witnesses. It is almost this is a 3-hour hearing. I have to admit I took a break and had lunch.    What would be a hearing without the New York guy asking about pirate radio? So, here we go. I don't think I will take the whole 5 minutes. But Mr. Wheeler, you and I have had this discussion back and forth.    Mr. Collins. And so in questions after, following the March 19 oversight hearing, you were asked about the report that showed a decline in enforcement in pirate radio. And the question was, has any guidance or instruction been given by the Office of the Chairman or Enforcement Bureau to commission staff not to enforce the statute or commission rules with regard to unlawful operations?    July 21, we did a get a response, July 21, 2015, from you that stated the Office of the Chairman and the Enforcement Bureau have not given or instructed to the commission staff not to enforce the statute or commission rules with regard to unlawful operation. I am assuming you remember that.    Mr. Collins. OK. So, 1 week later, July 28 we spoke again in this hearing and I asked you if there was any truth to the reports to the suggestion that the FCC had actually directed field offices to step down and back away from an enforcement. You responded, and I quote, I have heard that. And you further added that any such command did not come from you.    So, last December, the existence of an internal email within the Enforcement Bureau, this was last December, was disclosed that in October of 2014 the staff of the Bureau's Northeast Region was informed that the FCC's response to pirate radio operations was being scaled back and the Enforcement Bureau would not be issuing notices of apparent liability to the majority of individuals engaged in such unlawful behavior.    So, my question is, since that disclosure came forward last December, have you looked into that directive.    Mr. Collins. Well, I have got a couple of questions. First of all, I would like, if you could, look into that directive and get back to our committee----    Mr. Collins . about who issued that directive. We would like to know where that came from. But also, recently----    Mr. Collins. I don't have the details.    Mr. Collins. But real quickly, my last point. You just mentioned the need for congressional action to take on the landlords and the others that might be behind the scenes working on this. But by the same token, there was recently released from the FCC an advisory notice from the Enforcement Bureau that stated that the FCC already has the ability to take FCC enforcement against those individuals. Your own bulletin said that.    So, I think that it is a bit disingenuous to say you need congressional action when your own Enforcement Bureau regulations says you have already got the authority.    Mr. Collins. But your own enforcement people say you have already got the authority. So, I would encourage you to, move forward.    Mr. Collins. In my last 12 seconds, because I don't want to hold us over, I just also want to ask a very direct question because it has been suggested that senior managers of the Enforcement Bureau do not want to shut down pirate radio operations because they serve certain communities, certainly within New York City, that might not have otherwise access to that.    Is there any truth in that?    Mr. Collins. And so there is no truth in that? And it would be wrong.    Mr. Collins. OK, well I appreciate that fairly direct answer.    With that, Mr. Chairman, I yield back.