    Mr. Farenthold. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Milholland, you and I think several other members of the panel testified that one of the things holding you back from getting rid of these legacy systems and upgrading was budget concerns. I have to tell you, one of the things I consistently hear from everybody who comes into my office, whether they are advocating for education or increased medical research is, ``Give me more money today, and I will give you savings tomorrow.''    Now, this is, I think, part of our Federal Government budgeting mentality, that we do not think enough like the private sector. You look at what is happening in the private sector right now, when I started practicing law, we were on IBM Selectrics. We moved to a mini-computer and moved to a PC network. And we went from one assistant for every lawyer now to one assistant for every four or five lawyers through the technology.    You look at what the IRS has done. You have millions of people e-filing your taxes. You now don't need people in data centers keying that into the computer.    So the savings are coming naturally. So I have a kind of two-part question here. One, can you quantify, ``If you give me X billion dollars today, I will save you Y billion dollars over the next,'' and we will take a lifespan of the computer, 5 to 7 years? Can that be quantified?    Second of all, isn't there a way within your budget to pay for this incrementally with the savings you are going to get?    Mr. Farenthold. Isn't that what we are trying to do? I am going to give you a dollar and then, over the next 10 years, I'm going to reduce your budget by $4, and we are going to be in the same place by your figures.    Mr. Farenthold. I would be much happier if you guys weren't having to fool with Obamacare, I will tell you that.    Mr. Farenthold. I do not have much time, so let me go to Mr. Scott.    Can you talk about that on a broader scale?    Mr. Farenthold. This number doesn't even take in reduced personnel costs. I'm assuming that as we modernize technology, as we see in law firms or banks with ATMs instead of tellers, we ought to see an even bigger cost decrease as people are able to work more efficiently. So we ought to be able to save money and deliver better service to the hardworking American taxpayers who are our customers.    Mr. Farenthold. I would love to see an agency come in here and say, ``All right, give me this much money to modernize my IT, and you can cut my budget by this much.''    Mr. Farenthold. All right, if I am able to get back for a second round of questions, I do want to address the DOD hackathon and the success that had.    But my time has expired, and I will yield back.