    Mr. Huizenga. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And I will point out to our ranking member that what motivates me--and I think my fellow Members--is making sure that the Federal Reserve is doing its job properly. Last Congress, when we did a Federal Reserve Centennial Oversight Project looking at the last hundred years of the actions of the Fed, it became clear that the Federal Reserve has gone above and beyond its original mandate mission of maximum employment, stable prices, and moderate long-term interest rates. In fact, since the enactment of Dodd-Frank, the Federal Reserve has gained unprecedented power, influence, and control over the financial system, which was already quite strong, while remaining shrouded in mystery for the American people.    Additionally, given the interconnectedness of the global financial system, there is no doubt that the Federal Reserve's monetary policies have significantly impacted the international markets and foreign economies as well. I am concerned how the Fed's decisions are influencing other central banks and interested how it will shake out as we are seeing our friends and economic partners seemingly going in the opposite direction from where we are going.    Needless to say, the Fed's recent high degree of discretion and its lack of transparency in how it conducts monetary policy suggests, as the Chair had said, that reforms are needed. Likewise, I am also concerned that the Fed's regulatory policies and development of these policies are sort of layered in one uncoordinated mandate on top of another without examining the impact on hardworking American families and small businesses on Main Street. The Federal Reserve has proven time and time again that its government-knows-best approach doesn't hold the cure for what ails the economy. I know you were not here for the passage of Dodd-Frank. Much like me, you are just living with the echo effects of it. But not only are innovators, entrepreneurs, and job creators uneasy to invest because of the environment that has been created by this failed framework, hardworking middle-income families are paying the price, I believe.    It is time we restore certainty as well as fiscal responsibility, and we must lift the veil of secrecy to ensure that the Fed is accountable to the people's Representatives, the same people who created the Federal Reserve in the first place. It is time to bring the Federal Reserve out of the shadows and provide hardworking taxpayers with a more open and transparent government.    I am excited for today's hearing. And, frankly, I hope we do more of it. Thanks.    Mr. Huizenga. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And, Chair Yellen, I appreciate you being here again.    Before I go into an issue of joint concern regarding political influence on the Fed, I do want to just briefly touch on where the chairman had gone regarding my Federal reform bill from last term with Congressman Garrett. And just to be clear, we don't dictate a rule, we don't say you can't change a rule. What we are looking for are some clearer forward explanations about where you are going. And I do want to do this 4 times a year rather than twice a year.    My friend from Texas had said that he was concerned about gaining control by Congress and that he was concerned that we might not be all that functional. I will note that the Humphrey-Hawkins Act, which was also viewed as draconian, having the Fed dragged up here twice a year, happened in that special Kumbaya era of Watergate, not exactly a time of great cooperation here on the Hill. But it was because of precisely making sure that the House and the Senate had proper oversight of an entity that they created, the Federal Reserve.    And I am curious, shouldn't we be equally or even more concerned about the threats posed by Executive Branch influence? And I think we have just hit on a perfect example of this: Sort of this absolutely no changes to Dodd-Frank sounds like a 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue policy rather than the policy that has been talked about by the ranking member or the former Chair, Barney Frank, or has been voted on by this committee. My friends across the aisle joined me in voting unanimously for two of my bills last term that changed Dodd-Frank: one dealing with points and fees; another dealing with derivatives reform. That was a nine-bill package that the Executive Branch officially opposed because it changed Dodd-Frank. And it sailed through this committee.    You join us twice a year, but it is my understanding that you hold weekly lunches or near weekly lunches with Treasury Secretary Lew. In fact, last year, according to your public schedule in research done by The Wall Street Journal, from February through December alone you held 51 meetings with the White House and 23 meetings with lawmakers. I don't know exactly who those lawmakers were; I was Vice Chair of this particular committee. We did not--a meeting with me was not one of those 23 meetings. But that was 42 hours versus 18 hours of your time meeting with that. That is three-to-one that you were dealing with the Executive Branch versus the Legislative Branch, and again, that is bicameral. And I would be curious if you were willing to share any of the written summary of the items discussed with Secretary Lew--that would help with transparency--and any of the agreements that were made during these meetings. And if not, I guess I just really want to discuss the Fed's independence. Is it being unduly influenced by the Executive Branch?    Mr. Huizenga. I would love to have a summary of that, of those conversations. That would be wonderful. We do this in the open public.    Mr. Huizenga. You see our television cameras over here. This hearing is on C-SPAN and a number of other places right now. And I think my goal with that particular bill is to do more of this. I think this is healthy for us, and by ``us,'' I don't mean us as a legislature; I mean us as a system.    And as I said, I don't want to see 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue policies getting pushed through the Fed because many of the Fed officials that the chairman talked about believe that we need to have changes to Dodd-Frank, Members across the aisle believe that we need to have changes to Dodd-Frank. And it is bothersome to me that it appears that you are taking the position of the White House.    Mr. Huizenga. I look forward to more of those conversations and--    Mr. Huizenga. Actually 23--