    Mr. Jolly. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Mr. Secretary, thank you for being here this morning.    I have a couple quick questions, specifically on appropriations matters.    You and I spoke about the backlog in benefits; it is a priority of mine. And I think the next story after the V.A. is going to be the VBA if we don't solve the backlog.    Your budget requests $85 million, for 770 new FTEs, as well as $230 million additional for I.T., sorry, an addtional $85 million. Mr. Secretary, do you believe that will have a demonstrable impact on clearing the backlog, or are we just keeping up, as best we can?    Mr. Jolly. And ending the backlog is defined how?    Mr. Jolly. Well, I understand. And I appreciate your attention to this. Quite frankly, it was something that I would support; this is an issue of significant concern. Very quickly, on the OIG budget, what is the increase in the OIG budget?    Mr. Jolly. Request.    Mr. Jolly. What percentage is that?    Mr. Jolly. Is the increase in the OIG budget comparable to the 7.5 percent increase in the overall VA discretionary request? Is it less?    Mr. Jolly. Another appropriations question--fisal year 2014, there was a request for the department to pursue community mental health partnerships. To use excess capacity in major metro areas to provide non-V.A. mental health services. Has there been any movement on that?    Mr. Jolly. The 2014 bill directive actually provides for a demonstration project. Is there anything--have you actually defined a demonstration project in this? Or are you just using non-V.A. providers when you need them?    Mr. Jolly. And then one last thing just for the record. You and I spoke about this. I appreciate your attention to it. But I do want it to be on the record. We have had several cases of veterans and veteran beneficiaries, who have been notified falsely of their own death.    I understand from the V.A.'s perspective that it results from the Social Security Administration sending over a notice. We know it is disruptive to the veteran. The V.A. has always resolved it, but it is a disruption that takes a month or 2 to solve. So I would appreciate your continued attention.    Mr. Jolly. Thank you for that. I appreciate it. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Jolly. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I just have one question I didn't get to last time. Mr. Secretary, you made a very reasonable argument and request regarding vacant facilities and one of the ways we could be helpful would be to remove the obstacles that stand in your way of closing facilities.    What are those obstacles on the congressional side? Are they merely political? Are they statutory? Are they tied to funding?    Mr. Jolly. I don't know who would stand by that one facility that you sent a picture of. I think you should able to close that one, right?    Mr. Jolly. But do you have the authority to close vacant facilities? Let's stick with vacant facilities, not reducing the footprint of maybe existing facilities.    And I ask just because if it is political, then the category of vacant facilities, I think would be the low-hanging fruit with the least amount of political opposition.    Do you have the legal authority to close vacant facilities?    Mr. Jolly. Thank you.    Mr. Jolly. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And, Mr. Griffin, Dr. Daigh, thank you for being here.    We are coming off one of the worst scandals of the last few years within the V.A., where your office uncovered widespread abuse, manipulation of wait lists. You are the independent inspector.    This is the Appropriations Committee, though, not the Authorizing Committee. The President's budget proposes overall an increase of around 7 percent for the department, but for your department and the inspector general's department only 0.3 percent.    Your testimony says that you will have to reduce your personnel by 10 full-time employees under the President's proposed budget. Is that correct?    Mr. Jolly. Last year you issued 310 reports, 888--or 880 investigations, 70-something arrests, recovered $2.3 billion. You were responsible for, frankly, uncovering some of the greatest concerns of the American people. And the President's budget proposal requires you to cut staff if enacted at this level. Is that correct?    Mr. Jolly. In your oral testimony you reference if it was up to you you would be requesting an additional $15 million?    Mr. Jolly. And what would that enable you to do? If at $126 million you are laying off 10 people, then at $141 what does that do for your operations?    Mr. Jolly. And I would point this out to the committee. You know, I asked the secretary when he appeared before us what the President's budget proposal included for OIG, and I am not sure we got a clear answer that day, and I am not sure if it was obfuscation or perhaps he just didn't know.    Is there an issue related to anything in the Choice Act? In past testimony, as I have seen over the past several weeks from the department, both on the Hill and publicly, there has been reference to the fact that perhaps your office did receive additional money sometime towards the end of last year that justifies this increase?    Mr. Jolly. Justifies this lack of increase.    Mr. Jolly. So to be very clear, your position is that nothing that has occurred, from the omnibus to the Choice Act, any additional resources, there is nothing that has alleviated your need for additional money? This would be a real cut.    Mr. Jolly. If this President's budget is enacted at this level, this is a real cut of 10 employees to your office?    Mr. Jolly. Thank you.    Mr. Jolly. Thank you very much.    Mr. Chairman, thank you.    Mr. Jolly. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Just a couple quick questions.    You have studied the opiate prescription issue at length several times over the course of the years. What is your system-wide assessment, or your findings, perhaps, from previous reports? I mean, it can't simply be the one location.    Mr. Jolly. What triggers a site-specific review for your office?    Mr. Jolly. So you are responding, basically, that if you can see site-specific allegations or concerns, and obviously if you see a cluster of them, that is where. Shifting gears real quickly, and I have raised the issue with the Secretary.    I have only been in office for a year, and at least four times now I have had a constituent come in with a letter from the V.A. expressing their regret at the veteran's passing, but the veteran is actually fully alive. It is very disruptive to their benefits. We work it, and about 2 months later they get a letter saying, ``We have reviewed your file and determined you are, in fact, alive.''    It is, as you can imagine, disruptive for benefits and so forth.    The secretary has indicated it is something he is working on. He has kind of put it on Social Security.    Has your office ever looked at this? I mean, I realize it is not a crushing issue in everything else you are dealing with, but have you had any exposure to this or looked at this?    Mr. Jolly. Okay. That is fine. And it is just a curiosity.    Mr. Jolly. I appreciate the Secretary's affirmation that he is looking into it.    Mr. Chairman, no further questions. The only thing I would say on the record is I would hope our subcommittee can find a way to improve on the President's request for OIG.    In this year, in this time window, to give our stamp of approval to a budget for the OIG that requires a reduction of 10 full-time employees is an issue of great concern. If anything, I think we need to be looking at how to improve the resources and personnel to provide the investigations and oversight into the V.A.    So I appreciate it. Thank you.