    Mr. Russell. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank you each for being here today.    Dr. Fallon, I noticed that you served in the military. Thank you for your service.    Mr. Russell. When you did serve, you served in a veterinary capacity, as I understand it, is that correct?    Mr. Russell. In that time in your service did you develop a bond with the animals under your care?    Mr. Russell. And would you say that now as a doctor of veterinary medicine do you develop a nurturing bond with the animals in your care?    Mr. Russell. Okay. Do you see dangers associated with pairing service dogs with veterans?    Mr. Russell. And how would you compare that, say, with veterans suffering from opiod abuse, harming their families, their own children ----    Mr. Russell. Do you personally believe veterans would be harmed by their care and association with service dogs?    Mr. Russell. But you have a lot of experience here, Dr. Fallon. I mean, you served in the military ----    Mr. Russell. Do you personally believe ----    Mr. Russell. Well, I think that that is telling. And I appreciate you for being loyal to Veterans Administration, but I think we have a greater responsibility as a nation to be loyal to our combat veterans and those that have suffered a great deal. I have handled the flesh and blood of battle on many battlefields to include Iraq and Afghanistan. As a combat infantryman, I have dealt with a lot of the issues that we are discussing here today.    As a veterans advocate before entering a career in politics, I guess if you call it a career, I have even assisted and helped place service dogs with veterans and seen dramatic results. You know, whether that is a placebo effect or whether it is reality, I can tell you that the results have been remarkable.    But here is what I also know. Opiod abuse is a tragic indictment on the Veterans Administration. I would also tell you that many veteran suicides, I think, are misdiagnosed. It is not unlikely for a soldier maybe to drink a beer, but now he is prescribed on OxyContin or Percocet, he diminishes himself to a very low state, he doesn't breathe anymore, and then the family finds him in the morning, is like, well, gee, Russell didn't have any indication that he had any problems. In fact, he was talking about going fishing this weekend and now he is dead. And they chalk him up as a suicide.    Here, we have an opportunity to go a great deal of good with very low risk, and if the price of that is two dog bites, I think we can do that.    And I also think that the expense of a dog is far cheaper than years and years and years of opiod addiction. We are legalizing heroin in this country, and we are using our veterans as the number one scientific lab of opiod abuse. It really angers me.    And I have been prescribed Percocet and OxyContin, floated around for several days, and I will tell you this, I quit cold turkey, too, on it because I would rather have a clear head and pain than deal with a drug addiction and depression.    I think we are not being intellectually honest here today. And whether Dr. Crowe would like to give his, you know, professional opinion if you can't speak to the medical side, or yourself, give me one good reason why we should not implement this absent the already-given opinion of further study?    Mr. Russell. If you could use your microphone, sir, and thank you for being here today.    Mr. Russell. Well, and I appreciate that, and thank you, sir, for your insight. With your indulgence ----    Mr. Russell. And thank you. And I appreciate your patience with being put on the spot, but I understand you did come here as well today.    Look, this is a real issue, and I don't believe anybody sitting out here or up here doesn't have concern and care to do the right things. But would you also in your professional opinion acknowledge that those that deal more than likely with PTSD issues are also liable to be suffering from some sort of pain due to their service? So these two are associated together. Would you agree with that?    Mr. Russell. Well, and I will take you at your word for that, but I will also, you know, absolutely put it to you that people suffering from PTSD are often drugged in a great deal of medications, you know, with a basket-load of issues and problems, and being good soldiers or sailors or airmen or marines, they take their medications. They follow the doctor's orders.    Well, Mr. Chairman, I have exceeded my time, but I would like to say these programs, there is far more evidence that they work than they don't, and there is an awful lot of evidence that we are not doing a very good job with our treatment of PTSD and that we have a lot of veteran suicides, I believe personally, just from observation--I only come as a combat veteran; I am not a doctor. You know, I have just fought for a living. And so what I would tell you is we are not meeting those types of issues, and we are trying to drug our veterans, send them off to some clinic rather than get them engaged in something productive.    And with your indulgence, thank you, Mr. Chairman. I yield back my time.