    Mr. Rohrabacher. Thank you, Mr. Secretary.    And, again, though we ask pointed questions, we wish you the best of luck and are very proud of the hard work that you are doing, even though we may have some disagreements with specific policy.    It seems to me about your opening statement--when you talked about how complicated the world is right now as compared to what confronted the greatest generation, I just would like to respectfully disagree with you. The fact is that I believe what the difference was is not that the world wasn't so complicated, but that the greatest generation knew how to set priorities.    And Reagan exemplified that in the Cold War when he said, ``What is your goal with the Soviet Union?,'' who was our primary enemy at that time. He said, ``We win. They lose.'' And he knew that that was his number one goal. By the end of his administration, we had eliminated the Cold War without a direct military confrontation with what we had been at war with in the Cold War.    I think that today we should set the priority, which is who is our primary enemy, who is the primary threat to the well-being and security of our people. And I think that we have to come to the realization that radical Islam is the primary threat to our safety.    And I know our President has a little bit of difficulty saying those words together, ``radical Islamic terrorism,'' but I have no problem saying it. And that is the primary enemy for the security of our people. That includes, by the way, the Mullah regime in Iran.    Just right off the bat, when you mentioned that the Mullahs had actually went ahead and they have actually moved forward and accomplished the agreements that they had pledged to do about nuclear weapons, did the Mullah regime tell us about the existence of this new nuclear facility that our friends in the MEK who were permitted to sit out in the middle of the desert--did we know about that nuclear facility?    Mr. Rohrabacher. So had the Mullahs disclosed that facility to us?    Mr. Rohrabacher. Okay. Let me note that most of us have been somewhat upset because, again, the administration seems unable to prioritize the helping of our major friends. To me, a major friend is: Who is the greatest enemy of our enemy who can help bring down our enemy the most?    For example, we have left--and, again, this leads to a question--we have left the most heroic person in this effort, Dr. Afridi, the heroic individual who helped us bring to justice Osama bin Laden, Osama bin Laden, the man who helped plan the murder, the slaughter, of 3,000 Americans on 9/11.    Yet, the man who helped us bring him to justice has been sitting in a dungeon in Pakistan. And what do we get? I mentioned this to you last year. He's been sitting there the whole year. And, yet, the administration is still planning to give more than $500 million in aid to the Government that has basically committed the ultimate hostile act and slap in our face by putting Dr. Afridi in jail.    Are we going to hold back any of that $500 million until they let Dr. Afridi go?    Mr. Rohrabacher. Are we going to withhold any of the $500 million in aid that we are proposing until they let Dr. Afridi go? And what message does that give to our friends if we let Dr. Afridi sit in that prison?    And this is a message to the Kurds and anybody else. We are not going to help you. You may put yourselves on the line for us, but we are going to let you die a lingering death if that is what--rather than make some tough choices.    Mr. Rohrabacher. We have made the case.    Are we going to withhold the support, Mr. Secretary?    Mr. Rohrabacher. That is where we disagree, Mr. Secretary.    Mr. Rohrabacher. I don't think you have been successful at it. And it is symbolic to our other--the Kurds----    Mr. Rohrabacher. We have war trying to placate the people who are not our best friends in Iraq at the expense of the Kurds. We want to put them secondary, make sure they are put down in a subservient role to Baghdad.    This whole idea that we can't prioritize and stand behind our friends is a problem. I think it is a strategic error on the part of administration.    Mr. Rohrabacher. When you were here last year, it was one thing. We asked you about: Could we give weapons directly to the Kurds? Are we doing that now? Are we still saying it has to be approved by Baghdad?    Mr. Rohrabacher. But it wasn't. We sided with the Soviet Union because we knew they were less priority. The Nazis and the Japanese had the highest priority.    Mr. Rohrabacher. Correct.