    Ms. Bass. Thank you, Mr. Chair.    I want to follow up on a couple of questions with Mr. Staal.    The chair was asking you questions about some of the contracts and all democracy related and I just wanted to ask you if we give any contracts to for-profit organizations to help with democracy and election U.S.-based and also do we provide any contracts to indigenous groups in various countries where we're working?    Ms. Bass. Okay.    Ms. Bass. But grants--so tell me a little bit about that. Grants and cooperative agreements with who or what?    Ms. Bass. U.S.-based?    Ms. Bass. Right.    Ms. Bass. I attended the summit last year, especially the YALI part of it where President Obama was in a townhall meeting with the YALI participants and one of them stood up and said that they wished that some of the millions of dollars that we provide in Africa could actually go to African organizations.    And to me, when I think of leadership development, I think of it at a lot of different levels. So we worry about elections but what about all of the leadership so that people develop the capacity to run for office and wondering what level of investment we have there?    Ms. Bass. And the question is what is our investment in helping them obtain that capacity?    Ms. Bass. So if you would, I would appreciate you providing a breakdown. I would like to know how much funding goes to for profit U.S.-based organizations, nonprofits and then how much goes to indigenous groups and what is our funding for capacity building.    Ms. Bass. You know, just like with Feed the Future----    Ms. Bass . The goal is for Africans to feed Africans.    Ms. Bass. And so, to me, while we focus on elections, let's focus on building the capacity as well.    Ambassador Wharton, you mentioned that sometimes stability can be confused with not changing leadership.    I do worry sometimes though in those countries where from the U.S. perspective we push term limits and want people to step down. But I worry sometimes as to whether or not there really is the leadership there. Given that we have so many experiences around the continent--the failed states that sometimes in our urgency for turnover in leadership we can wind up with that.    So I'm wondering what your thoughts are. DRC, for example, Liberia, any number of countries where elections are pending and where we're nervous. I don't think we're nervous about Liberia in terms of the President staying there but we certainly are in DRC.    What is your concern or your opinion about leadership potential there?    Ambassador Wharton. Well, two or three thoughts come to mind. Thank you for the question, of course.    The first is is that we're not in this alone--that we need to seek coalitions of African partners that share our concerns. This should not be the United States versus the DRC or the United States versus Liberia.    This should be something that the AU takes on as they had with Burundi, for example. I think we'll be much more effective if we approach these problems of governance and term limits from that broader perspective.    Ultimately, I believe that democracy is a process. An election is part of that process. It's our view that when someone stays in power for a long, long time that process slows down and stops.    Ms. Bass. Sure.    Ambassador Wharton. So one of the responses to that is to look at how we build stronger institutions that are stronger than individuals, to paraphrase what President Obama said in Ghana, and that includes military institutions, frankly.    A military that responds to civilian control is an important part of the democratic process--a free media--civil society that's strong and capable of taking off the sorts of work that civil society does in our country, for example. So those are partial responses to this longer problem.    I think that several African leaders have said to me, you need to give us time, we're young democracies, we're still maturing, and there's some point to that. But I would love to be able to watch African political systems skip generations the way some of their technical adaptations have skipped generations and move ahead more quickly so we will work on that.    Ms. Bass. I think that's a good point. I often register that point as to look where we were 50 years into the United States.    Things were a mess, and we have expectations that countries will establish a democracy and 2 years later they're going to function like us as though we don't have any warts here, as though our elections go off with no problems.    Mr. Staal, with everything I would like to ask you about also and that is support that we might have to the AU. So in other words, it's one thing for us to support individual countries but given that this is a priority of the AU, you know, what level of support do we provide to the AU for capacity building leadership development?    And then finally, for Mr. Feldstein, there are 54 countries on the continent--some would argue 55, if you want to get into that. There are a lot of elections that happen peacefully, orderly. A lot of transitions of power. Oftentimes we just focus on the problem. So maybe you could speak to the elections that went well.    Why did they go well? Why was there a peaceful transition in Namibia, for example? Several countries on the continent had elections that were run well, peaceful transitions of power and we gave them very little attention.    Ms. Bass. In terms of the AU I was thinking specifically on the democracy leadership development, and I appreciate that.    Ms. Bass. Thank you.    Ms. Bass. Well, first of all, let me thank all of you for your patience, first of all, and your testimony.    I just have a couple of questions.    Ms. Bass. Right. Right.    Ms. Bass. So and I'm asking and speaking about the U.S. funding--our side--especially since, as I understand it, the democracy rights and governance funding has been decreased 44 percent, which is huge.    So in terms of our funding, though, is that the way it's distributed? DRC, for example, I would think there would be a whole rush of funding to try to prevent something as opposed to holding back and waiting to see whether it's going to collapse or not.    Ms. Bass. So I guess your point is that--because I just totally assumed that the funding was ongoing and----    Ms. Bass. Okay. So the next election in Tanzania is in 4 or 5 years?    Ms. Bass. 4 years? So is there an RFP now for that election?    Ms. Bass. There should be an RFP now for that election.    Ms. Bass. Right.    Ms. Bass. Right    Ms. Bass. So you would say then it's just the general procurement process?    Ms. Bass. Really not a good use of money to do that that way, and that you two were exchanging glances so it looked like you wanted to comment about that, Mr. Merloe and Mr. Nackerdien.    Ms. Bass. Right.    Ms. Bass. Thank you.    Ms. Bass. Thank you.    Ms. Bass. Right.    Ms. Bass. Thank you. And Mr. Akuetteh, why don't you close us out?