    Mr. Wagner. Good morning, Chairman Miller, Ranking Member Vela, and distinguished Members of the subcommittee. It is a privilege to appear today to discuss U.S. Customs and Border Protection's international security programs and how these efforts support our strategy to secure America's borders and facilitate legitimate travel.    CBP processes nearly 100 million travelers each year who arrive via commercial aircraft at our Nation's ports of entry. As CBP anticipates threats and develops measures to prevent terrorists and their threats from succeeding, CBP deploys a strategy that focuses on securing air travel by pushing our borders outward through, first, early identification of potential threats through targeting and information sharing; second, the ability to address these threats overseas; and, third, by building capacity with the global community to improve information sharing and early enforcement capabilities.    Through this strategy, we seek to ensure that our physical border is the last line of defense rather than the first. At CBP, we implement this strategy through a complement of international security programs, each with differing authorities and capabilities, some of which are dependent on the host country, supported by CBP's targeting capabilities and deployed strategically based on deliberative assessments, including National security, volume of travel, workload, and economic benefits. This multi-layered, intelligence-driven strategy covers different stages of the international travel sequence starting well in advance of a traveler boarding a plane.    So before traveling to the United States, most foreign nationals seeking admission to the United States must obtain either a visa or a Visa Waiver Program travel authorization through the ESTA program. From this moment, CBP begins deploying targeting and analytical capabilities through our National Targeting Center to perform assessments of the applications against law enforcement, intelligence, and National security-related data.    Last fiscal year CBP denied over 39,000 ESTA applications, of which over 800 were related to issues of National security. Once travel is booked by a person, but before that flight departs, CBP uses airline reservation data, passenger manifest, previous border inspection information, intelligence, and law enforcement information to identify potential areas of National security concern or otherwise inadmissible travelers.    CBP's then able to address any potential concerns through a suite of three international enforcement and liaison programs: Preclearance, the Immigration Advisory Program and, finally, our Regional Carrier Liaison Groups. Pre-clearance provides the highest level of enforcement capability overseas with inspection of clearance of passengers on foreign soil prior to boarding the plane.    At these locations, CBP Officers operate with authorities and operational capabilities similar to those in the United States in uniform and with the legal authorities to question travelers and inspect luggage per the negotiated agreements with the host country.    We have over 600 CBP Officers and agriculture specialists supporting pre-clearance in 15 locations in 6 countries. Last year pre-clearance accounted for over 16 million travelers, which is about 15 percent of all U.S.-bound commercial air passengers. Over 10,000 of these travelers were found to be inadmissible pre-clearance locations last year.    As announced by the Secretary last Friday, we plan to enter into pre-clearance negotiations with 10 additional airports in 9 more countries. While there is much work to do, we will be aggressively pursuing and commencing negotiations with each of these countries in the very near future. These airports were selected on the basis of 4 key evaluation criteria: Security, facilitation, feasibility, and strategic impact.    The second program I would like to discuss is the Immigration Advisory Program, where we have CBP Officers at 11 airports in 9 foreign countries. They work closely and directly with foreign authorities and air carriers to identify and address potential concerns, when necessary, and make recommendations to the airlines to not board identified individuals.    Our officers receive passenger selection information from CBP's National Targeting Center that has identified these individuals of concern. IAP officers also assess the potential risk of travelers through roving- and intelligence-based targeting. Last year the program prevented over 3,500 individuals from boarding flights to the United States, of which about 100 had National security concerns.    The third program, the Regional Carrier Liaison Group, under our National Targeting Center, provides coverage at locations not staffed by pre-clearance or the Immigration Advisory Program. This group utilizes established relationships with the commercial airline carriers and form direct lines of communication to prevent passengers of concern from boarding U.S.-bound flights who may pose a security threat, have fraudulent documents or are otherwise inadmissible.    Last fiscal year the Regional Carrier Liaison Group issued over 7,500 no-board recommendations to prevent travel to the United States, of which over 250 had National security concerns.    CBP's targeting capabilities continue up to the point of departure and even while the flight is en route to the United States, vetting passengers and travel information, including visas and ESTA authorizations. This continual vetting ensures, as noted earlier, that any changes in a traveler's eligibility are identified in real time and allows CBP to coordinate appropriate actions, such as referring individuals for further inspection when he or she arrives.    CBP will continue to engage with our interagency and informational partners and commercial air carriers to improve and expand our international security efforts.    So thank you for the opportunity to testify today, and I look forward to answering any of your questions.    Mr. Wagner. Yes. It would bring the total up to about 36 percent of all travelers to the United States.    Mr. Wagner. It is both. We looked at a couple of broad categories of security, facilitation, feasibility, and strategic impact.    So under the security piece, you know, we looked at the number of terrorist watch list hits coming through that airport--or originating in that airport. We looked at the number of National security concerns identified through our National Targeting Center.    Then we balanced it against similar facilitation and workload measures, the number of passengers, the impact to wait times in the United States, the number of what we call secondary referrals and enforcement actions originating out of these airports.    Then we also had to balance it against a feasibility score and a strategic impact in that did we have a willing partner here, did we have an airport that would build the type of facility we would need, make that type of investment, did we have a government that would agree to negotiate the terms and the authorities for us to operate in uniform with authorities on their soil.    So it is a mixture of all these different factors to try to come across just a good balance and then also looking at the competitive balance of the U.S. airline carriers.    Like you mentioned, we heard loud and clear from the U.S. carriers and other stakeholders, and we consulted extensively with a lot of those stakeholders to make sure these locations represent a competitive balance between the U.S. carriers and their strategic alliances so we are not picking winners and losers between the different carriers.    Mr. Wagner. Correct.    Mr. Wagner. Yes. Dubai remains a priority location for us. It is not on the list because we already have an agreement with the UAE government. So we would not need to renegotiate the principles of that.    But it remains a priority location for us in terms of security and facilitation. There is a growing volume of travelers coming to the United States. We have two U.S. carriers, Delta and United, that fly out of there.    But we continue discussions with the Dubai airport authorities, looking at plans for the new airport that they are building and then looking at the technical specifications at their existing airport in Dubai.    We anticipate having further discussions this summer with them. I think this is consistent with some of the recent statements made by the Dubai authorities. This very much remains a priority for us.    Mr. Wagner. Yes. It is correct. I mean, we have seen a pretty strong increase in methamphetamine seizures. Most of it is in the powder form, but we are seeing a lot of liquid methamphetamine. We are seeing it secreted in gas tanks, in other containers. There are risks inherent in handling that, seizing it, removing it from the vehicle, storing it, destroying it.    You know, we do put out the proper precautions and the training and the equipment to be able to handle it. But the storage of it can be a challenge, especially in liquid form, and how we transport it and account for it and measure it. But it is something we are also taking a look at to make sure we do have the best and safest procedures for handling it.    Mr. Wagner. It is challenging detecting the liquid methamphetamine. It is challenging to find a technology that will help us do that. A lot of our non-intrusive inspection technology helps us find those false compartments and those parts of the vehicles that are not factory made.    Our recapitalization plan is something we are seeking support for to refresh that technology. A lot of it is nearing the end of its life cycle. It needs to be replaced. A lot of it was built specially for us over time, and we helped develop and really build this industry up with what we have been able to do.    So we are looking for support for the budget request that does include the start of the refresh of a lot of that technology. That is probably the most important thing for us.    Mr. Wagner. Sure. Thank you for the question.    So in response to CSI, we are currently operational at 60 ports in 32 countries. This covers about 80 percent of the total maritime container traffic that is destined to the United States. We do analyze the risk of the ports. We do look at where people are deployed. We do look is that meaningful work. We look for a broad coverage of application of where our resources are best used. We also want to look for competent foreign partners that are willing to have us and cooperate with us in their seaports and allow us to identify containers that we ask them then to inspect for us. So it is a little bit of a risk assessment and also who we have the cooperation with and who is willing to allow us to operate there. But we are happy to follow up with more detail on CSI.    Mr. Wagner. As far as Ontario Airport, when we expanded to Abu Dhabi Airport, it was a new model for preclearance, and we currently receive reimbursement for all of our expenses to deploy to that location. We can currently accept reimbursement for up to about 85 percent of our total costs. So as we expand preclearance, that will be the model we will be pursuing for the maximum allowable reimbursement.    So we don't see the necessary, the diversion of resources from the United States overseas, but really it is plussing up our overall resource picture, which, as you know, we do have staffing constraints. This really helps us plus them up because we are being reimbursed for that work.    Now, it does free up other advantages for the airlines, that they can make different choices about where to land, what parts of the airport to use, and it allows some different flexibilities or options into their business models by having flights precleared overseas. But there is no significant diversion of resources to staff up foreign pre-clearance locations now, and it is actually the contrary in that we will be plussing-up our resources.    Mr. Wagner. It was a balance of how we measured it, looking at the security aspects, looking at the partnerships we have there. Are they willing to reimburse us is certainly one of the considerations. But is there enough traffic there to justify it and does it have a competitive balance between the different U.S. carriers that service those locations. So that is part of the factors, but it is certainly not the overriding or principal factor we would use.    Mr. Wagner. Thank you.    You are correct, these are recommendations we make in partnership with the air carriers. Almost always do they accept our recommendations. Very, very rarely, there has been one or two isolated incidents that I can recall where they have not followed our recommendations. We are there on arrangements with the host countries in the Immigration Advisory Program. We are there on the basis that we are advising the airlines about the security documents and the security of travelers. We are there to liaise with the foreign authorities. But we are not there under negotiated authorities, like we would in preclearance.    A much different set of complications and issues to be there with authorities. That is where pre-clearance really comes into play. It is a lot bigger considerations to allow us to have those authorities on foreign soil than more in an advisory capability.    We have very strong relationships with the carriers. They welcome our presence at these locations and they work very closely with us, with their security contacts, and with the foreign authorities. So we don't really see a need at this point to have the authority to compel them not to board someone, and I think they have recognized our value and realized it is in their best interest to accept those recommendations.    Mr. Wagner. Well, sir, I happened to be there at the World Trade Center that day in 1993. That is where I started my career with the Customs Service. So that is still very fresh, that experience.    I think we have made a lot of great strides in our programs. We have a lot more work still to do. Pre-clearance offers us and the pre-clearance expansion offers us a lot of expanded capabilities in addressing that.    But we have made a lot of good progress. Like Mr. Bersin mentioned in his opening statement, with the Christmas day bomber over Detroit, we were there waiting on the ground for Abdulmutallab to land. You know, it was we had capabilities in place, that we didn't quite fully exploit the systems we had in place. We had people in Amsterdam that could have intercepted him. We had our Regional Carrier Liaison Group that could have called to his original embarkation point to have a no-board recommendation.    We really took that to heart and put a lot of these what we call predeparture programs into place and really with a focus on how do we best utilize the information that we have and how do we take action with that as early as possible to help secure the transportation system.    So looking at the expanded partnerships, the expanded operations, the expansion of preclearance, and the use of our technology and our systems, we are in a much better place today, but we still have a lot of work to do.    Mr. Wagner. Yes. Just that once the visa is issued we do do recurring vetting on the visa database. We do run the visa database through our targeting and analytical tools and then work with ICE and Department of State on any results that we do come out of that for potential revocation of that visa. Then, of course, when they travel and book their travel, we are also vetting that information again.    Mr. Wagner. So you are absolutely right. I mean, increasing workload makes increasing challenging to find the things we are looking for. But that is where we look for programs like our Trusted Traveler, Trusted Trader programs, C-TPAT, leveraging the resources of the industry to help secure their own supply chains. They have vested interests in doing that as well.    So we work closely with them to help each other. When we can certify that their supply chains are secure, they can package it together with a secure trucking company. We can designate a special lane for them to use under the FAST program for them to cross the border. We expend less resources on checking them because they have taken those extra measures that we have validated and we can focus on everyone else.    Same thing with the passenger programs, the travelers that signed up for our Trusted Traveler programs get vetted, get interviewed, get fingerprinted. We spend less time on them when they are crossing and we can focus on other people.    Mr. Wagner. No, not necessarily. We have very good cooperation with the Mexican authorities. They are very willing partners. We exchange a lot of information with them. We have our officers deployed at their airport in Mexico City working closely with them under the Immigration Advisory Program. We exchange a lot of information with them. We do have willing partners there.