    Mr. Lieu. Thank you, Mr. Chair. I would like to spend some time discussing an issue that is very important to me and to many Members of Congress and that is the continued detention of women, children, and infants in prison-like conditions. As you know, in 2009, the Department of Homeland Security shut down the Texas, Hutto, a jail-like family facility, because it was inhumane, because of reports of abuse, and harsh conditions.    So I was surprised in your testimony that you said your agency is opening up additional facilities. And that's particularly surprising to me because, as you know, the American Immigration Lawyers Association has stated that virtually all of these folks can qualify for asylum because they are fleeing terrifying conditions of violence, abuse, and crime, and they have a fear of removal.    You also know that last November, Homeland Security Secretary Johnson wrote in a memo, and ``Field office directors should not expend detention resources on aliens who are pregnant or nursing, who demonstrate that they are primary caretakers of children or an infirm person or whose detention is otherwise not in the public interest.''    So, in light of that guidance, I'm asking, why does ICE continue to expend precious resources to detain thousands of families en masse, including children and infants, in prison-like conditions?    Mr. Lieu. Thank you. I think 135 Members of Congress would disagree with you. On May 27 of this year, I joined them and signed a letter that said to Secretary Johnson, we are troubled by the Department of Homeland Security's continued detention of mothers and children in secure, jail-like facilities. And it describes some of what happens. We are disturbed by the fact that many mothers and children remain in family detention, despite serious medical needs. In the past year. We have learned of the detention of children with intellectual disabilities, a child with brain cancer, a mother with a heart disorder, and a 12-year-old child who has not eaten solid food for 2 months. We also learned of a 3-year-old child who was throwing up for 3 days and was apparently offered water as a form of medical treatment. It was only after the child began throwing up blood on the fourth day that the facility finally transferred her to a hospital. This is simply unacceptable. We cannot continue to hear reports of serious harm to children in custody and do nothing about it.    So, Mr. Chair, I would like to enter this letter into the record.    Mr. Lieu. I would also like to enter a letter into the record dated June 1, 2015, from 33 Members of the Senate that says similar things. And then I would like to quote from this report, one of many, called ``Locking Up Family Values Again,'' a report on the practice of family detention by the Lutheran Immigration Refugee Service and the Women's Refugee Commission.    Mr. Lieu. It opens up with a quote from the advocacy director of Human Rights Watch: Karnes was quite the visit for me. There's nothing like walking into a prison, and the first thing you hear is a crying baby, two things that should never go together, never ever.    So I note in your testimony that you call these facilities family residential centers. It is so positive sounding. It's like a place you might see at Disney World. These are actually jail-like facilities. They should be called family prison facilities or family detention facilities or family jail facilities but not family residential centers. And every time you use that term, you're misleading the American public. So I'm going to ask you, will you stop using that term and call it what it is?    Mr. Lieu. Just note, now that you are on notice, every time you use that term, I believe you will now be intentionally misleading the American public.    And I yield back.    Mr. Lieu. Me and 135 Members of Congress feel that way and 33 Members of the Senate still feel that way.