    Mr. Powner. Chairmen Bridenstine, Loudermilk, Ranking Members Bonamici, Beyer, and Members of the Subcommittees, two years ago, GAO added potential gaps in weather satellite coverage in consultation with this Committee as a high-risk area demanding immediate attention from NOAA management.    Gaps in weather satellite coverage are likely and could affect lives and our economy. This morning I will provide a brief update on these gaps, contingency plans to address the gaps, and an update on the JPSS and GOES satellite acquisitions.    Starting with JPSS, an $11.3 billion acquisition that is to result in two polar orbiting satellites expected to be launched in March 2017 and December 2021. There has been significant progress on both the flight and ground components, and the program is expecting to meet its cost and schedule targets. However, since July 2013, cost estimates have gone up two percent, or over $220 million. The ATMS and CriS instruments have had the most significant increases. Although this doesn't sound like much, if this cost growth continued annually, the program would surpass its cost baseline by 2018 and end up costing $2 billion more through 2025.    The launch date of March 2017 looks good, but a key instrument to watch is ATMS. Its delivery slipped 12 months to March 2015 as we reported last month but we have now learned that there is another three month slip to June. Schedule reserves continue to dwindle, and oversight of this June delivery is very important to make sure that the March 2017 launch date holds.    A key risk to the current operational satellites to note is space debris. NASA recently updated its assessment of orbital debris, which concluded an increased likelihood at the altitude where the JPSS satellites operate. The current operational satellite that was originally intended as a demonstration satellite was not built with the appropriate shielding to protect against small debris the way the first JPSS satellite is currently being constructed.    The likely gap in satellite coverage is 11 months. The current operational satellite is expected to last through October 2016, and with the March 2017 planned launch date and the six month checkout, NOAA could very well be facing a gap in coverage from October 2016 through September 2017, as shown on the one-page summary in my written statement. Any issues with space debris or delays in the JPSS launch or the checkout period would result in a larger gap.    Multiple alternatives exist to prevent or reduce the impact of the gap. The best alternatives according to experts include extending the use of legacy satellites like POES and obtaining data from European mid-morning satellites, obtaining additional observations from commercial aircraft and radio occultation, enhancing forecast models, and increasingly high-performance computing capacity.    NOAA has improved its satellite gap contingency plans by, among other things, adding more alternatives, which now total 21 mitigation projects. However, there are three things we would like to see more done.    NOAA needs to, one, update its polar satellite gap assessment to include changes in the current satellite's expected lifespan; two, revise its contingency plan to include an assessment of alternatives based on cost, and three, prioritize the mitigation projects in its plan.    Moving now to GOES, a $10.8 billion acquisition that will result in four geostationary satellites with the first expected to be launched in March 2016. The GOES program continues to make excellent progress as all six satellite--as all six instruments have completed testing and the program is well into the integration and testing phases. The program is currently operating within its $10.8 billion lifecycle cost estimate but we saw a slight increases in both the ground system and two instruments but we think overall the program is on solid cost footing.    We have more doubts whether GOES will meet its scheduled launch date because we are seeing delays in key testing dates and also because the spacecraft integration testing has moved to 24 hours a day, seven days a week testing schedule. Maintaining this March 2016 launch date is crucial because an operational GOES satellite is expected to reach the end of its useful life by April of this year, and GOES-R is expected to have a 6-month checkout period. Therefore, there may be no backup from April 2015 through September 2016. GOES's latest contingency plan released in February of 2014 overall looks very good but we would like to see more focus on preventing additional launch delays.    In summary, on the JPSS, we have more concerns about cost and schedule, while on GOES we are more concerned about the launch date. Both programs are likely to face gaps, and improvements to contingency plans need to continue.    This concludes my statement.    Mr. Powner. I still say there is a very high probability of the gap if you go with the best data, and the best data is NPP lasts until October 2016 and you don't launch until March 17 and you have a six month checkout. Now, there have been a lot of discussions about NPP lasting longer, but if you look at NOAA's budget submission for Fiscal Year 2016, they are still showing a one-year gap based on that data.    So we go with the best data that the experts out there have to say, so I still think it is prudent to go with expected life and not bet that it is going to last longer than what the experts are telling us. Now, if there is new news, that would be good to know, but I think you need to plan accordingly or you are kind of playing with fire.    Mr. Powner. I think one of the best examples if you look back at Superstorm Sandy when there was a post-evaluation of that and you took the polar data out of that forecast, it showed--and that forecast was right on. The location, the intensity and the timing forecast was spot on, and it helped move a lot of people to safe areas and save lives. If you take the polar data out of that forecast, it shows that storm dying 100 miles out at sea, so that is the importance of the polar data in terms of predicting severe storms.    Mr. Powner. Well, hopefully NPP does last longer, and we are all hopeful that is the case. What is in your control is the March 17th launch date of J-1. That cannot slip. So we have ATMS as the long pole in the tent and it keeps slipping, and the more that slips, the March 17 launch date will be in jeopardy, and I am not here saying the sky is falling, but the other thing on the October 2016 date--and I keep hearing other dates that it is going to last longer. I would like to see it in writing. There was a NASA assessment that it was going to last three to five years. There is supposed to be a gap assessment from 2014. It hasn't been released yet. The budget still says one year. So if it is 2020, let us put it in writing and say that is where we think it is at.    We have been at this for a long time, Congressman Perlmutter, and the way some sensors were constructed on NPP concerns us, and I think that is why the NASA engineers had the three- to five-year time frame, VIIRS in particular. VIIRS was the--that was a very difficult sensor during the NPOESS days, and there were a lot of shortcuts taken when they constructed VIIRS and put it on NPP. We know that. I visited Raytheon multiple times out in California, and I hear from their engineers about that.    So there are still concerns about that, and I am not here to, you know, say that it is not going to be 2020, but we need to be aware of the facts, and then when we mitigate the gap, we went out and talked to experts including Dr. MacDonald sitting on this panel, and there we identified 40 mitigation alternatives. NOAA's plans have 21 mitigation alternatives. There are four areas that you actually improve the forecast much greater than others. We would like to see a prioritization on those mitigation activities so that we are addressing the most important things as part of the contingency plans.    Mr. Powner. Yeah, this is at the heart of some of our recommendations. Not only do you want to focus on the priority mitigation activities but you want to focus on the cost, so there was a huge discussion here about use of commercial data. Commercial data could really help augment our forecast today but what is the cost? So you have to factor in costs on all these mitigation activities. It is, what is the benefit and what is the cost and then you weigh those two, and that is what you end up pursuing. We would like to see more of that going forward.    Mr. Powner. Yeah, we currently have vendors in place. We have a very solid team on the government side. I think the collaboration between NASA and NOAA far better than we have ever seen, nothing like we had on NPOESS.    I do think you have raised a really key question, though, about building clones down the road when you start looking at J-3 and J-4. There is a fundamental question about how much do we advance the sensors and improve versus just building a clone and continuing the status quo, and I think that is a tough call, especially when you start looking at continuity of operations, but that is why this follow-on program is so important.    Mr. Powner. Yeah, I think clearly what we heard on the mitigation activities, there were four areas, and one was--four primary areas that are the priorities, and one is extending the life of the existing POES satellites along with using the midmorning European satellites, and that actually came from folks sitting at this table, so we had them prioritize what the improvements in the forecast would be, that radio occultation, commercial aircraft, the high computing capacity as well as the improvements in the models. Those are the priority areas.    Mr. Powner. Yes, I am.    Mr. Powner. It is clearly one of the top priorities.    I would also like to address the space debris that you just mentioned. Clearly, there has been an increase in space debris but there has also been some unfortunate incidents that contributed to the space debris. In 2009, there was an iridium satellite that hit a Kosmos satellite that increased the space debris and then also unfortunately in 2007, there was a Chinese military operation where they shot a satellite as part of their military ops, and that contributed to space debris. So those events in 2007 and 2009 clearly contributed to the space debris issue.