    Mr. Heck. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Director Cordray, over here--    Mr. Heck. Usually I am way down there.    Kudos for your stamina.    Mr. Heck. I want to switch subjects on you and ask about student loans.    Mr. Heck. You have responsibility as I understand it for processing the consumer complaints with respect to the private sector portion of student loans which have that--    Mr. Heck. Whether they are private sector or the Federal Government ones?    Mr. Heck. So you actually receive and act upon complaints from consumers regarding their student loans even if their student loans are government or government-guaranteed student loans?    Mr. Heck. I think I read correctly--and correct me if I am wrong--in your semi-annual report that about 3 percent of your total was associated with student loans. My math, back of the envelope math, says over 7,000. Does that sound about right?    Mr. Heck. Yes. Are there any trends there that you take note of that should be brought to our attention?    Mr. Heck. And to the best of your recollection, is the overall number of complaints associated with student loans growing, decreasing, or staying about the same?    Mr. Heck. All right. Changing the subject on you again, I noted with interest and appreciation that you acknowledged in your prepared testimony the valuable role that your credit union advisory committee and your community bank advisory committee have played, and as you know last year Congressman Pittenger introduced legislation which just yesterday we reintroduced, to codify those business councils and to create one for other financial sector representatives, namely the escrow appraisal title company.    Mr. Heck. Obviously, you see a benefit in this. You took the time to praise and laud it. What would you describe as those benefits as they might exist for the other business groups to help provide you with input?    Mr. Heck. I have 8 seconds left, so let me just say, neither Mr. Pittenger nor I are giving up. We think listening is time-consuming but of incredible value. And I might just add that as somebody that you full well know sits up here--and often praises, compliments, expresses a appreciation for the work of your agency, neither are Mr. Posey and I going to give up on the value and utility of advisory opinions or no-action letters.    And I just want to say for the record and publicly, I am disappointed in the way in which you characterize a tool that you would use frequently. We think there is considerable benefit here for the private sector and for the stakeholders to make the process work better, which I know as a former attorney general, you know full well, if constructed appropriately can be a positive tool available to everyone, and make the whole system work better.    My time has expired.    Mr. Heck. Not if you are going to tell me you are not going to do it.    Mr. Heck. I appreciate that very much.