    Mr. Payne. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and to the Ranking Member.    You know, a lot of this discussion today and over the past month or so has been very interesting to me. Here we are, a committee with the responsibility of making sure that the homeland remains safe. But yet and still--everyone talks about making sure that that happens, but there are a group in the Congress that are willing to play politics with this country's security.    You know, politics is part of what we do, but to pick Homeland Security in order to make your point is dangerous. I travel from my district in New Jersey, the 10th Congressional district, which takes in Newark, New Jersey, a tier-one target. Prudential Insurance Company was targeted several years ago, about a decade ago, for an attack.    If you go to Jersey City in my district, where I went on September 12 and saw the smoldering building from across the river--we cannot play games with the funding for this Department because of a policy that you don't agree with in the Executive branch. It makes no sense.    With that--oh, and let me just say, Mr. Chairman, I had come down from my district on the train Monday night, and in the train station there were DHS police officers, and I went over and spoke to them and thanked them for their service and the things they are doing for this country. They asked me to send a message back to Congress, and it was please give us the resources and the funding we need to do this job. Do not cut our legs from under us.    So, we can't continue saying we appreciate their service and work, but yet we will not give them the resources that they need to do the job. So, Under Secretary Taylor, you mentioned that not fully funding the Department of Homeland Security would have a crippling effect on domestic security.    Could you please explain how if the Department of Homeland Security is not provided with the full-year funding, efforts to prevent foreign fighters and their travel would be affected, since that seems to be a great concern on the other side, how not funding the Department will impact that ability?    Mr. Payne. New funding for new programs?    Mr. Payne. Two-point-six--two-point-six billion dollars in grant funding from what I am reading here.    Mr. Payne. You know, it just baffles me how we can almost, like, talk out of both sides of our mouths and say that we want to make sure that the homeland is safe, but because of an issue you have with the Executive branch, we are going to play games and say, well, you know, maybe we won't fund the Department of Homeland Security.    I yield back.