    Mr. Capuano. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And thank you, Mr. Director, for being here. Mr. Director, I think you are doing a pretty good job. I like pretty much everything your agency is doing and I have been supportive from day one.    So I just want to thank you for what you have done and are continuing to do. But I, like everybody else, have a little bone to pick--I don't have a bone to pick so much as a clarification to ask.    Mr. Director, have you ever heard the term, ``triple decker?''    Mr. Capuano. Yes.    Mr. Capuano. And hence, the problem.    Mr. Capuano. A ``triple decker'' in my district is housing. It is generally working class housing and look, I have a little problem, because I usually hate these things, but I did because it is necessary, okay.    There are triple deckers in my district. I know Mr. Lynch knows what I am talking about, I presume Mr. Himes knows what I am talking about. I presume Mr. Guinta knows what I am talking about, and I'm not sure, but maybe Mr. Garrett, as well. I know they have them in New Jersey.    Mr. Capuano. I know. You have missed out on some things, and that is one of them. These are housing units generally owned and occupied by working class people. My brother owns a triple decker. I have a two-family house.    And I bought a two-family house, which I still live in, because when I bought it I needed the rent to help pay the mortgage. In my brother's triple decker, he lives on the first floor, one of his sons lives on the third floor, and his other son used to live on the second floor with his two children. That is a classic situation.    And for reasons that are beyond my comprehension, except for the lack of knowledge, which is fine--that is why I am trying to educate you and your staff.    In New England, a triple decker usually is a classic entry into homeownership for working people who could not otherwise afford to buy a home, and yet for reasons that I don't understand they are exempted from the QM rule which I like.    Mr. Capuano. I hope so.    Mr. Capuano. Yes. And as I understand the rule, it is currently not considerered to be. Yet, if the same triple decker as in my district is bought by some outside investor and ripped apart and put back together on a TV show as some high-end unit, if they rip them apart and ``condo-ize'' them to sell them to some gentrifier, those are considered qualified.    But the working person who has it doesn't qualify which means their local bank cannot hold their mortgage.    Mr. Capuano. I would like to do this quickly because in my district, in Boston alone, there are 9,000 triple deckers, 27,000 units, and that is just Boston, never mind the rest of my district.    So, I appreciate the offer and I look forward to working with you as quickly as humanly possible not to get any advantage but to simply treat them as you treated other multi-units with two family homes like I have.    Mr. Capuano. I know how to quit when I am ahead, so with that, I yield back the rest of my time.    Mr. Capuano. You don't use that little extra, add the extra little ``R,'' we don't use that too much, triple decker.