    Mr. Gowdy. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And I want to thank you for your hard work on this issue and so many other issues on the Oversight Committee, and I do want to say that I not only have great personal affection for the gentlelady from New York, but I also have great respect for her, and I would welcome every opportunity to work with her on whatever issue she is working on.    Ms. Emerson, with--I want to follow up on what District Attorney Buck brought up with respect to--to your place of employment. Do you want to hazard a guess why women and men go into law enforcement?    Mr. Gowdy. Yes. More specifically, what would you say? What draws women and men to law enforcement?    Mr. Gowdy. Just in law enforcement in general.    Mr. Gowdy. Right.    Mr. Gowdy. Because the law is the greatest unifying force that we have in our culture. It's the greatest equalizing force that we have in our culture, and it really is what separates us from lots of other societies. It provides order. It provides structure. It provides predictability.    And I realize that your job may or may not afford you the opportunity to go out into the field and talk to the women and men who work. I don't want to judge your job. I don't pretend to know how many opportunities you have, but I can tell you District Attorney Buck in a previous life worked with law enforcement every day, and so did I. And I have a lot of friends that are still in Federal law enforcement.    And it breaks my heart to see that any law enforcement entity ranks itself 314 out of 315 in terms of places to work. And I would just ask you to encourage--or I would encourage you to ask yourself whether asking men and women who went into a job to enforce the law not to enforce the law might possibly be responsible for that low rating.    Because I can tell you every time I go home and I talk to the women and men who are still in law enforcement, nothing would diminish their morale quite like being asked to do the opposite of what they signed up to do.    Mr. Archivist, as you know, I am biased towards you. So I--my questions or lack thereof will reflect that bias. I worked with you in the past. You were gracious enough to come to my district where you were warmly received and wildly popular. They want you to come back and they want me to leave. They actually do. So I will say this. I am confident that you are going to identify whatever issues exist, and I am confident that you are going to work on those issues. I know you will.    And I would also encourage you, because there's not a more fair minded, conscientious, hard working member of Congress than Mark Meadows, our chairman, and to the extent that you could privately meet with him. He was wildly successful in a former life, and he's wildly successful in this life. I know that you want that ranking to improve, and I know that he wants that ranking to improve, and to the extent that you all could work together to remedy that situation, I think it would be in all of our best interests.    And with that I would yield whatever remaining time I do have to my friend from North Carolina, Mr. Meadows.