    Mrs. Hartzler. Thank you. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And I would have to say, General, that the citizens of Tennessee, no doubt, are very proud of both of you. So quite an accomplishment. Appreciate what you do.    I wanted to follow up, actually, on what the ranking member was questioning about the propellers and the engines. Can you, just going forward, tell us about how fuel efficiency would be impacted by the investment in propeller and engine modernizations?    General Bunch. Ma'am, I do not have a number in front of me. I know that is one of the factors that we will weigh out in the operational evaluation, will be to determine how much fuel savings there are, so that we could do the cost capability analysis, but I do not have a number on me. I will take that for the record.    Mrs. Hartzler. Okay. Great. But that is very important, and we would be interested to see what your evaluation comes up with in July. As far as the LRS-B program, can you explain the $3.5 billion reduction across the FYDP for the program?    General Bunch. Yes, ma'am. The way the program was set up, we had estimated our costs by using a program office estimate. And we had done that up until the point that we got an independent cost estimate by an outside agency from the Air Force Cost--the AFCAA .    And we also had one done by CAPE in OSD . And the result of that was the new independent cost assessment that we funded to. It was lower than the program office estimate. And the difference across the FYDP was over $3 billion.    And then we redistributed those dollars out to address other Air Force priorities, ma'am. That is how the number came.    Mrs. Hartzler. Well, it is refreshing to see that the price comes in lower than we originally expected. That sounds good. And is the C-130H AMP Increment 1 and 2 fully funded to ensure the long-term viability of tactical airlift?    General Bunch. Yes, ma'am.    Mrs. Hartzler. Good. All right. Air Force rollup briefing states that the fiscal year 2017 funding gap delays the incremental replacement of the C-130H fleet. So can you elaborate on the impact of this delay, and please explain the risk associated with this budget request?    General Holmes. Yes, ma'am. If you will allow me, I will answer that part. So we had eight C-130s in last year's program that were beyond the multi-year buy. And this program that we have brought forward this year eliminates those eight C-130s.    And so we would stop at the end of our program multi-year buy. We will do the AMP Inc 1 and Inc 2 upgrade to the remaining C-130Hs, and we believe that will give us a fleet of 300 aircraft that are safe, that are compliant, and that are modernized to support them through their life    In a different budget positon, you know, we would love to be able to recapitalize some of the older C-130Hs. At the budget level that we are at now, we can't fit it into the program. But we believe we will provide 300 again, safe, compliant, and modernized airplanes.    Mrs. Hartzler. And the last question. We appreciate the amount of money that is put in this budget for the defense management system of the B-2. Could you kind of explain this system and how important it is that we get this fully funded?    General Bunch. Yes, ma'am. It is very vital for the B-2 to continue to have the ability to operate in an anti-access/area denial environment. And it modernizes it to protect that aircraft as the threat has advanced, which it is, because the world has watched as airpower has dominated for many years now.    And they have changed the threats to get us to further out, and they have advanced. And this is just another step in the game to improve the defensive management system so that we can continue operating in an anti-access/area denial environment.    Mrs. Hartzler. Well, we appreciate your support of that and all the platforms that our men and women in the Air Force need. So, thank you.    I yield back.