    Mr. Wittman. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    General Keane, Mr. Chesney, Mr. Wittes, thanks so much for joining us today.    General Keane, I wanted to ask you, from your perspective, and examining all the issues around an authorization of the use of military force, what would be some of the questions that you would suggest that we ask of our military leaders, with all the conditions that have to be considered here: the controversy of timeframes, the extent of which--how we identify the adversary, how we go after them, what should the scope and breadth of that be? Give me your perspective on some of the aspects that we should get the military leaders' perspective on?    General Keane. Certainly. Well, first of all, I think you are bringing General Austin in here, CENTCOM commander. I have known him for years, worked with him, a very fine officer, and certainly with his depth of experience I think you are going to get all the answers you want, but here are a couple of suggestions.    Number one, we are so dependent on this indigenous force in Iraq, I mean, it is appropriate to find out--get an assessment of the quality of that force and its reliability. After all, we did see this Iraqi army, despite all the years of investment in it, painfully watched it collapse in the face of ISIS, which wasn't that much of an overwhelming force. The Iraqi army outnumbered ISIS somewhere in the neighborhood of eight-to-one, but yet it collapsed in the face of it.    So what has happened in the last year or so that changed that? This is crucial to our success. And what could we do, as the coalition, not just the United States, to help that force be better; not just in training, but advising it and also giving it military capability to assist in that force?    What kind of timeframe are we really talking about here? Is this sometime this year, as the media seems to be reporting, and also CENTCOM gave us an awful lot of information on that themselves, which I was a little surprised with, in terms of the qualitative approach and quantitative approach to the force itself. But that is an important issue.    In dealing with Syria itself; let me come back to Iraq.    One of the key dimensions in Iraq is clearly the Sunni tribes, and where are we in the growth and development of the Sunni tribes' willingness to participate under arms? And I know we are doing--we are conducting some assistance of them.    Most of them are reconcilable, and we know these leaders very well from our association with them. There are a few irreconcilables from the previous Saddam Hussein regime, and they are supporting ISIS; they always will. Where are we with that in--and the Abadi government's willingness to be politically inclusive with them?    Another issue deals with Shia militia itself. The Shia militia is a very strong force. The cleric Sistani asked for popular support for it.    It goes well close to 100,000-plus, maybe close to 200,000 volunteers who have thickened the Iraqi Security Forces. The best of the Shia militia forces are those that are backed by Iranians and have had a role in training them. What does this mean to us as we go forward in terms of the Shia militia's role in helping to reclaim territory?    Also, are we finally equipping the Peshmerga with what they need? They have been complaining to every one of you and to anybody that visits them that they still haven't got the equipment they need.    In Syria the real issue, as I have tried to point out, is the ground force itself. What will be the ground force that will eventually defeat ISIS in Syria? And I think if the answer is the Free Syrian Army, I think you need to push pretty hard on that, because it doesn't seem to be viable to me.    I believe it is an Arab coalition that will have to be put together. They will probably ask us to lead it, and I think it is likely we probably should. I don't think we could do that unless we shut down Assad's air power.    And I also believe that the administration doesn't want to do any of that. And even though Turkey, the UAE , Saudi Arabia, and Jordan want the administration to do that, in other words, shut Assad's air power down so that finally we can start to do something against ISIS and you are not bombing the Free Syrian Army force every day. That is what he is doing.    I think the elephant in the room there, quite frankly, is the nuclear deal with Iran, that the administration does not want to push on Assad because of the relationship with Iran. Iran propped that regime up; it rescued that regime from failure.    And if we pushed on it I think it would jeopardize the pending potential deal on nuclear weapons, which I think the administration believes is its number one priority. Probably wouldn't say that, but I believe it is.    I don't think General Austin will get much involved in that because that is a policy question above his head, but certainly these other things he would be prepared to answer, and I think you will get some very straight answers from him.    Mr. Wittman. Very good.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I yield back.    The Chairman. Thank you.    Mr. Norcross.