    Ms. Walorski. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I just am sitting here thinking and kind of associating myself with the comments from our ranking member about the fact that we're going to be sitting in a hearing tomorrow with the VA Secretary, and I think to much of our surprise, asking the question and listening to the testimony as to how in the world we are $2.5 billion, $3 billion off all of a sudden in the context of the VA. And then we sit here today and we're asking more specific questions again based on a GAO report.    And it just surprises me, Mr. Chairman, that we sit here time and time again and we hear it, and it doesn't seem to matter which particular entity of the VA is sitting here, but the answers that we even get today about these interagency contractual agreements on missing data, lack of support, managerial problem, missing documents, no training, and all these things continue to persist.    And I have got to think that when the American people, at least the folks in my district in Indiana, listen to these hearings--and they really do, Americans are at the table with their ears on because they're fighting for veterans just like we are--I think they're so confused and distressed when we hear the kind of answers coming that we're hearing today.    And it's usually always at the impetus of a GAO report. If the GAO hadn't looked into these situations they would never rise to the occasion to even be talking about this at a hearing. And I think it just adds to the anxiety the country has, the Nation has, as we're all together fighting for veterans, and it seems like we're fighting the very entity that was created to help veterans, and an entity that seems to have lost itself in questions that literally no answers can be provided anymore, it's just too big of a mess.    And so with that--and I think it's distressing as well, because our fellow Americans have made it very clear that they are standing with this bipartisan committee fighting for veterans and trying to help do everything we can legislatively. But I think we've also found out that legislative fixes aren't going to save the VA. It's going to be the people inside the VA that are going to save the VA.    And I guess with that I would ask--I think, Ms. Foster, you were the one talking about the issue with the MITRE proposal, but the GAO found that you always accepted--always accepted--MITRE's price proposal, even when it was higher than your own cost estimate. Why is that?    Ms. Walorski. Let me ask you this in light of that. Do you have some examples of some types of work where the VA has developed its own in-house capacity through working with MITRE and no longer reaching back to MITRE for support?    Ms. Walorski. Do you have specific examples, though, of working with MITRE where the VA's developed its own in-house capacity without having to reach back to MITRE for support?    Ms. Walorski. Could you do that for the record?    Ms. Walorski. I appreciate it.    And I yield back, Mr. Chairman.