    Ms. House. Thank you.    Chairman Walberg, Ranking Member Wilson, and all the members of the Workforce Protections Subcommittee, I am Tanya Clay House, director of public policy of the Lawyers' Committee for Civil Rights Under Law. I thank you for the opportunity to provide this testimony today in furtherance of the protection of the equal employment and civil rights of all Americans.    The Lawyers' Committee is a nonpartisan, nonprofit organization established in 1963 at the request of President John F. Kennedy to involve the private bar in providing legal services to address racial discrimination. As policy director and as co-chair of the Employment Task Force of the Leadership Conference on Civil and Human Rights, I work with the larger civil rights community on the numerous employment issues generally, as well as the necessary enforcement agencies, including the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission as well as the Department of Justice.    In the interest of time, I would like to focus my remarks primarily on the underlying theories that support a more robust EEOC and oppose the passage of legislation that would undermine the civil rights of employees. As this Committee is aware, Congress has assigned the EEOC the primary responsibility for enforcing, in the private sector, most of the provisions prohibiting discrimination in employment of every major civil rights law enacted since 1963.    Yet, H.R. 548, 549, 550, and 1189 all would subtract from the scope of the EEOC's enforcement authority in a way that would primarily serve to eliminate the effective and timely enforcement of civil rights protections for American workers. Furthermore, the claim that such bills would actually enable the EEOC to more efficiently comply with its mandate begs the question of whether supporters of these bills believe the mandate of the EEOC is to eliminate the obligations of employers to not discriminate or allow for the creation of hostile work environments, or instead, to protect the rights of employees to not be unfairly discriminated against.    Unless the EEOC's mandate has changed within the past 24 hours of me writing this testimony, I would submit that it is the latter.    Employee claims of discrimination are not subsiding. Every year during the Obama administration the EEOC has received between 90 to 100 charges of--100,000 charges of discrimination. Despite a relatively small staff, the Commission has been able to conclude 15 or more of the--percent of the--more of the cases resolved every year with some form of compensation or other benefit to the employee who has been charged--who has charged the employer with discrimination.    A recent example is a case that has been prosecuted by the EEOC jointly with the Lawyers' Committee, the state of New York, the city of New York, and in this case, the settlement would potentially provide an estimated $12 million in compensation to 400 workers.    Critics of the EEOC view the Commission as a government agency that needs to be restrained. The Lawyers' Committee and the larger civil rights community fervently reject this belief. In light of the substantial benefits the Commission obtains for employees, it is not reasonable to evaluate the EEOC based upon a small number of reports highlighted by those opposed generally to the EEOC and the law it enforces.    To be clear, H.R. 1189, H.R. 548 would both essentially declare by fiat that certain civil rights laws are null and void in application. Specifically, H.R. 548 would undermine the protections that Title 7 provides by codifying the use of unjust stereotypes by employers.    On the other hand H.R. 1189 effectively works to undermine critical civil rights protections and permits workers to be coerced into disclosing sensitive medical and genetic information to their employers, thus enabling employers to shift the cost of health insurance away from them and onto the employee.    H.R. 549 would eliminate the ability of the EEOC to more efficiently engage in investigations and lawsuits, instead instituting unnecessary, duplicative, and untimely--and ultimately obstructionist approval process for litigation, while H.R. 550 attempts to legislatively require the EEOC to engage in a process that is currently under review at the Supreme Court of--in the case of Mach Mining.    Although the claim was made that all these bills would create a more efficient EEOC, the idea that enabling the blanket disregard of current civil rights laws is incredulous at best. Congress should not disregard the very real existence of ongoing, unjust discrimination against American workers.    For instance, current estimates are the 70 million Americans have an arrest record for criminal offense. Thus, H.R. 548 would automatically exclude all of these Americans--70 million Americans--from the workforce.    This is not just anecdotal. In the case where the Lawyers' Committee is co-counsel, census records for the 2010 process reveal that between 850,000 and 1 million applicants who had FBI arrest records were diverted into a separate screening process where fewer than 1 percent were hired, while almost 30 percent of the applicants who remained in the regular pool were hired.    The enforcement of our nation's civil rights laws, particularly those in the employment context, is of a paramount importance to the Lawyers' Committee. If the goal is to enable more effective enforcement on behalf of American workers, we suggest the committee provide for proper funding of the EEOC.    I encourage this Committee to not move forward with legislation that would undermine the EEOC. The American workers are depending on you to protect the employment rights and simply do the right thing.    Thank you.    Ms. House. With regard to Title 7's application?    Ms. House. Well, if we weren't able to have--without Griggs we would not be able to sufficiently provide the necessary evidence and showcase the discrimination that has been occurring across this country unintentionally, but effectively, particularly against communities of color, against those who have traditionally been discriminated against, those women as well as people with disabilities. That is a critical component within civil rights law that I think is effectively utilized within civil--you know, across the civil rights community.    Ms. House. No, it would not.    Ms. House. No, it does not.    Ms. House. Well, Ban the Box is an attempt to eliminate the blanket elimination of those that have a criminal history. There are those employers that summarily dismiss those with a criminal history, even potentially an arrest record, from even applying for any type of job within that sector or with that employer. And Ban the Box eliminates that exclusion--that blanket exclusion--and it is something that I know the Lawyers' Committee, the entire civil rights community has been very supportive of, and we have been working with other companies and other organizations to eliminate that blanket exclusion.    Ms. House. No, it does not. In fact, what it does, it eliminates a blanket exclusion; it does not prohibit an employer from having an individualized assessment of those that might have a criminal record.    In fact, it just allows for there to be an equitable consideration of an employee as they are attempting to apply for a job and allow them the opportunity to provide the necessary review that they deserve, should this--if their criminal history does become an issue within their employment.    Ms. House. No, it is not. In fact, it specifically creates and allows for there to be--an employer to provide a business necessity, should they have a particular exclusion of those that have certain criminal histories.    I think that there has been a use of--you know, the continued use of hyperbole when we talk about those that have a background of sexual assault, and they being allowed to work in day care or child care environments. That would not be allowable nor acceptable under the current guidance that has been issued by the EEOC, and in fact, it is not something that would be permissible and that any of the civil rights community would allow.    Ms. House. Thank you for those--that three-part question.    You are right, it is 50 years since the opening of the doors of the EEOC. And though we may not face some of the blatant discriminatory policies that existed when the EEOC was originally founded, we still face enormous discrimination within the employment. And if that was not the case, we would not have upwards of 90,000 to 100,000 claims that have been--that are continually submitted to the EEOC--complaints of discrimination.    I think that some of the most pressing issues that we are facing today are with regard to what we have spoken about already--the criminal and credit history checks. I think that is particularly important because we are right now dealing with an economy that has--had been failing but is on the upward swing.    However, as a result of that failure, we have millions of people who have had their credit history affected; we have those that have criminal background checks; we have one in four African-American men that are--have been in prison or are in prison at this point in time, and therefore have criminal background history.    And if we are summarily eliminating--prohibiting--all of those individuals that have bad credit or a prior conviction from the employment sector, we are eliminating millions of people from the work--from the economy. And that is not good for anyone, and I would hope that that is not something that any of these--any of the members of Congress here would advocate here today.    With regard to the challenges, I think that we need to look at a number of issues, particularly the hiring practice, as I said, of employers right now. We need to consider the pay disparities that exist--continue to exist between men and women, as well as people with disabilities.    And I think that we need to consider and look at the implicit bias that continues to exist, particularly when you are talking about the same and similarly situated resumes that are submitted to employers, yet with a different name--one that might be more ethnically diverse. And you have instances where that resume with a more ethnically diverse name would be eliminated or excluded. And that type of implicit bias is very--has been prevalent, as we are seeing, not only in the employment sector but other sectors, as well.    Ms. House. Sure. Absolutely.    That is actually an ongoing case that the Lawyers' Committee is in litigation with. And that is a case against the U.S. Census Bureau.    And the reason that we--I mentioned this is because, well, as you said, it is not anecdotal. This is reality. We are talking about almost a million people that were summarily excluded from even being census workers even though they--most of them had previously been census workers.    And so, as you properly indicated, we are talking about, you know, one--most of those being excluded and being sent to a secondary review, and so therefore, not included in the initial application for the Census Bureau. And I think that that is extremely important to recognize.    We are in ongoing litigation so I can't get into more specifics regarding the negotiations and what that will entail, but I do think it is particularly relevant.    Ms. House. Sure. As I indicated previously, it would exclude a great proportion and disproportionately impact, as you indicated, African-Americans, communities of color, particularly Hispanics and other traditionally disenfranchised.    And I think that what you are talking about is you are disenfranchising people throughout their careers. So essentially, because of a arrest--it could be an arrest, because I will say for the record that many of the databases that we are--that employers are reviewing are including arrests. So you may not have ultimately been convicted.    And so therefore, you do have, as a result of these past arrests or convictions that could have happened upwards of 10 to 15 years ago, that people are no longer able to obtain good employment, that ultimately affects their entire family--not only just them, but throughout their livelihood.    Ms. House. It increases. I mean, you--the unemployment rate continues to increase. It does not go down despite any potential job creation programs that this administration or other would employ, because employers are automatically excluding those that actually--that have an arrest or a conviction record.    Ms. House. Well, I think that this bill, as I--it codifies the stereotype that those that have a prior arrest record or conviction are therefore unemployable and not fit to engage in the American dream and provide for their families. It is a stereotype; it is a bias.    And I--I have heard that. We continue to hear that throughout many of those who oppose the guidance.    But I will say that there are a variety of research material that indicates that, in fact, those that have prior convictions or arrest records over 10 years are no more likely to commit another crime than someone of that same age without a previous arrest or a conviction record.    Ms. House. Sure. Currently, because we are still awaiting further guidance on how employers will properly--or how they should properly utilize credit history checks, what it does--what is happening right now is that, similar to criminal background checks, employers are using credit checks without properly understanding exactly what is the rationale for people's bad history. They are using that as a similar type of exclusionary policy to be employed with certain positions.    So, for example, someone's credit could be detrimentally affected by a medical procedure or by--as a result of prior inability to pay for hospital bills after they were sick or their family member was sick. However, that, because it does detrimentally affect their credit, they are therefore excluded from potentially additional employment, say, within a bank because they have bad credit. And there is no individualized assessment given to them with regard to whether or not this is, in fact, a related or a proper use of a credit history check.    Ms. House. I am sorry. I couldn't hear that last----    Ms. House. Yes. There is ongoing litigation. I don't have at my disposal all of that case law to present to you. I can provide that for you after this hearing is finished.    But yes, I mean, there continues to be ongoing litigation, and I think that we need to--that is something that continually needs to be assessed, but the primary focus should be voluntary----    Ms. House . That this is not something that should be forced upon an employee and that ultimately create a situation where they are providing unnecessary information that would detrimentally affect their ability to obtain proper insurance.    Ms. House. I would submit that, yes, but I will say that I am not as well versed on some of the documentation with regard to the wellness programs so I don't want to give you misinformation. But yes, I mean, that is reasonable, yes.