    Mr. Azhderian. Good morning, Mr. Chair, Ranking Member Huffman, and members of the committee. It is an honor to be here with you today.    If there is one thing that I would ask you to remember about today, it is that California is at yet another crossroads in how we manage endangered species and water supply. The decisions that will be made in the coming weeks and months will have impacts probably for years.    The testimony you have heard from the Federal agencies and will hear from the Federal agencies is really aimed at assuaging the concerns about how we are managing both fish and water. What I found interesting in the testimony is not what they say so much, but rather what they don't say.    There is nothing about how other stressors are being dealt with, there is nothing about the ill-conceived summer flow proposal that is more likely to hurt Delta smelt than to help them, and is in clear conflict with temperature management objectives for winter-run salmon. There is nothing about what happens to the millions of Californians that are dependent on the CVP water supply if things do not go as planned. There is nothing about the water supply impacts that are already beginning to accrue into 2017; rather, it is an expression of a false confidence about a status quo, insular, single-species, single-stressor approach that somehow will work this time.    For a quarter of a century now, National Marine Fisheries Service and the Fish and Wildlife Service have been responsible for the protection and recovery of winter-run salmon and Delta smelt. The status of winter-run salmon is poor, not the worst we have seen, but poor. Delta smelt numbers, of course, are at historic lows. And throughout this time at each crossroads, the decision has been to continue to manage our fisheries in the same manner, this despite broad recognition from the onset that comprehensive solutions and collaboration was the way to proceed.    In the early 1990s, the environmental community, water users, and the state and Federal Government all recognized the need for collaboration and comprehensive solutions, and agreed when they signed the Bay Delta accord, to move forward in that fashion. Unfortunately, that did not occur. In the decades following, numerous independent science panels have warned us of sticking to this approach, of not researching the biological causal effects of these fisheries' declines. In 2009, the state of California reaffirmed the need for comprehensive solutions when it passed the Delta Reform Act. This is not new advice. It has just been ignored.    So we have a choice. It is critical to remember we have a choice. This crossroad provides an opportunity to broaden participation in the process, to reassess our current failed approaches, to research causal effects, enlist stakeholder support, demand accountability about the results, and refine and redirect our actions or reject them based upon demonstrable benefits and evidence.    In the end, changing demands is not about Ag. and municipal use. We are among the most efficient users of water in the world. It is about unbridled regulation. And water supply uncertainty is about the unceasing demand for more water for environmental use without accountability. After a quarter century, and fish populations, water supplies, and the people who care about both worse off than ever, it is time that we deserve better environmental protection.    I thank you for the opportunity to speak here today and look forward to any questions you may have. Thank you.    Mr. Azhderian. Mr. Chairman, in terms of monitoring programs that aim to clearly demonstrate if the use of water is affecting beneficially a change in fish, there aren't deliberate and concerted efforts to measure it that way. We really have the abundance indices to rely upon.    What we have seen, for example, since the implementation of the Fish and Wildlife, National Marine Fisheries Services BiOps and the constraints on pumping, is far less pumping occurring and fish declines co-occurring. And millions of acre-feet have been dedicated to environmental management purposes----    Mr. Azhderian . Over the last several decades, and the fish have not responded.    Mr. Azhderian. Clearly, the fishing industry is hurting, as the agricultural community is, and no one wants to see that.    In terms of improving salmon abundance, there are a number of methods that we could be employing. We could be improving hatchery production, we could be improving harvest practices, we could be implementing mark select fisheries to better protect the wild stocks and better identify the hatchery fish, making it safer for fishermen to do their harvest. There are a lot of things that could be done, that are done in the Pacific Northwest in Oregon and Washington, that are not done in California for whatever reason.    Mr. Azhderian. I think in looking back over historical changes in weather patterns and in salmon abundance, what you will find is we have large numbers of salmon returning after dry years and we have small numbers of salmon returning after wet years. There is a lot in play after they get through that initial spawning phase.    Is temperature management important? Of course it is, but we have spent months, thousands of hours, working through hundreds of operational scenarios to debate a 1 or 2 percentage point change in temperature-related survival, when what we know on average is 99 percent of the salmon, through one form of mortality or another, are not going to return anyway.    Our point is more about proportion and being able to do things that address the larger contributors to the mortality of salmon, and better managed salmon, to ensure that fishermen can catch a healthy harvest when they need it.    Mr. Azhderian. There have been other examples of that, Congressman. In 2013, Reclamation's initial announcement was 25 percent allocation. Shasta storage was over 100 percent of average. In March, Reclamation announced that due to dry conditions they were going to have to deallocate or unallocate 5 percentage points, so they went from a 25 to a 20. Since implementation of sort of the regulatory era, if you will, beginning in 1992, there have been 3 years since that time that CVP Ag. service contractors south of the Delta received 100 percent supply. Hasn't happened since 2006. And there have been three times when the allocations have been reduced on CVP contractors south of the Delta as a result of circumstances for environmental management.    Mr. Azhderian. It is difficult to say, Congressman, because California's regulatory environment is an onion and there are so many layers.    Mr. Azhderian. Yes. It certainly should be a lot fuller than it would be today. And I think one of the implications, this was brought up earlier, about the decisions that were made in May and June to change the temperature management plan is the way it affects 2017. As Mr. Sutton had indicated, farmers were out, they were considering purchasing transfer water. Those opportunities were passed on because of anticipating a full San Luis Reservoir in 2017. Now that seems highly unlikely. In fact, there may be a deallocation from 5 percent to zero percent for west side users, and an empty San Luis Reservoir as we roll into next year. So clearly, the impacts of passing on those opportunities only to have the management come in and second-guess----    Mr. Azhderian. I do think that addressing hot spots is certainly the right place to start. Dr. Hayes, with the National Marine Fisheries Service, has done a lot of that research. I think would agree with that conclusion.    I think the part that is most frustrating for us, though, is that there is a great deal of uncertainty about standards in the biological opinions that affect the rate of pumping, and those are imposed with great vigor. When we are sitting down and talking about other stressors such as predation, the response is often, ``Well, we are not sure, so we are going to study it.'' So, it is sort of the disproportionate response to the problem that I think we struggle with quite often.    Mr. Azhderian. Yes, I think a better model is one that is inclusive. The Federal agencies have talked about improved collaboration among them. And I do believe that that is true. I think Reclamation, in particular, has done its level best to try and communicate outcomes to users of CVP water. But communicating outcomes is something very different than actually collaborating on solutions.    So, I think broadening the inclusion in the questions and testing hypotheses, developing solutions, and using the unique abilities of water agencies, in particular, to solve the problems is really an asset that we have underutilized, a great tool moving forward. Moving away from the common processes where we are relying strictly on statistical analyses, or largely on that, and getting into doing the research and understanding what the underlying biological factors are, is another essential key if we are going to make our water management and our environmental management actions more efficient and more effective. After all, what we are all interested in is effective environmental protection.    There are a lot of tools that are out there, there are models from the Bay Delta Accord as far back as the early 1990s, all the way to recently with the Delta Reform Act that talk about the importance of comprehensive solutions and inclusive collaborations. And there are several recommendations from a number of science panels as well about how that can be achieved. There are minds greater than mine that have commented on this. There is a wealth of information, we just need to start using it.