    Mrs. Dingell. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank you to our witnesses for taking the time to be with us today.    While I am pleased that the subcommittee is holding its first hearing in nearly 7 months--I missed you, Mr. Chairman, I think we have to do more work together--I am somewhat perplexed that we are examining the Presidential Memorandum on Mitigation, a simple restatement of an important conservation tool that has facilitated over $3 billion in investment in conservation initiatives, and that has had the support of both Democratic and Republican administrations.    My background and experience in the private sector has made me a believer in public-private partnerships, and has taught me the value that mitigation can bring both to businesses and the environment. My business experience also made me a strong believer in corporate responsibility, and I know that we can undertake important development projects while also protecting our environment. During my time at General Motors, we underwent many mitigation projects that ensured our natural resources were protected while development projects moved forward at the same time.    Mitigation is a solution, not a problem. Companies and developers have a choice: they could completely scrap a project because it conflicts with important environmental statutes, or they can offset the impact of their activities. These policies are not just supported by Democrats. They are widely supported by the business community and by Republican administrations.    A quick look at the numbers helps illustrate this support. Today, there are over 140 private endangered species conservation banks and over 1,500 private Clean Water Act banks. The Army Corps of Engineers has found that the use of mitigation banks has led to a more than 50 percent improvement in the timeliness of issuing permits. It is hard to argue with these results.    I have to say that I am somewhat baffled by the perspective offered here on the other side of the aisle today, because I see the Presidential Memo as a restatement of what we are already doing, but with an emphasis on greater coordination between the Federal agencies. This is something that all of us support, including the business community and previous Republican administrations. Why wouldn't we want to ensure that different Federal agencies have consistent mitigation policies?    I am looking forward to hearing confirmation from our witnesses today that the Presidential Memorandum does not create any new regulations or claim any new statutory authorities, but rather is an attempt to make the process run a bit smoother by identifying a set of consistent standards to improve existing mitigation practices. My colleagues on the Majority side seem to have the opposite impression. I hope today we set the record straight, and we can all maybe agree on the same thing, Mr. Chairman.    Thank you, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Mrs. Dingell. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I want to go back to what you were talking about in a little while, but I want to get some things on the record.    Someone asked Mr. Bean some questions. I do think that we all agree that we want to see all of the agencies work together better; and, I think there is a strong foundation of law that this Memorandum was based on. So, I want to ask some questions so we can see where we are getting.    In general, Mr. Bean, will the need for mitigation from the development of natural resources on public lands result in a project being stopped?    Mrs. Dingell. Can you speak louder, so we can all hear you, please?    Mrs. Dingell. So it actually could speed something up?    Mrs. Dingell. In general, does the use of mitigation best practices, in a natural resource management context, as called for in the Presidential Memorandum, increase or decrease the chances that a project will have an adverse ecological impact?    Mrs. Dingell. Does the use of mitigation best practices increase or decrease the chances that a species gets listed under the Endangered Species Act as threatened or endangered?    Mrs. Dingell. Does the use of mitigation best practices increase or decrease certainty for developers, mining companies, oil and gas companies, and other resource users?    Mrs. Dingell. Does the use of mitigation best practices increase or decrease costs and time associated with uncertainty and lack of flexibility for developers, mining companies, oil and gas companies, and other resource users?    Mrs. Dingell. When industry is expected to mitigate impacts to natural resources from development on public lands, does that increase or decrease the chances taxpayers will be left with the bill for restoring those lands and other resources?    Mrs. Dingell. So, Mr. Bean and others there, if I am hearing right, mitigation is not a road block to the development of our public resources at all; it is a tool to help ease that development and balance it with conservation goals. Mitigation creates a certainty for developers, it decreases the likelihood of an Endangered Species Act listing, and it decreases damage to lands, while protecting taxpayers and the public lands that they cherish.    This sounds like a win-win to me for everybody, for the environment, for the developers and the business community, and a win for the American people. So, let me go to another question.    Mr. Bean, the Department of Justice and the Department of the Interior have filed papers with a Federal district court in Texas describing failings in the lesser prairie chicken conservation program. According to the filings, no Corps area of stronghold habitat has been permanently conserved. None of the connecting corridors between strongholds have been permanently protected. Why is that, and what needs to be fixed?    Mrs. Dingell. Thank you. I don't have enough time to get my question in and get an answer to it, so I will yield back and go ahead in a little while, Mr. Chairman.    Mrs. Dingell. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Actually, I have been on the other side of it, when the environmental groups were not happy with mitigation, so I can be a witness to that happening.    I am worried about much of the criticism we have heard today about the Memo being vague. I feel like if it was specific, you can bet we would hear the criticism that it is too prescriptive. It is too vague. If Obama sinks, he is a witch; if he floats, he is a witch. I think we have a little of that today, and it bothers me.    Mr. Chairman, I am going to ask unanimous consent to enter the following documents into the record: a peer-reviewed study on the economic benefits of compensatory mitigation; a letter of support for the President's Mitigation Memo from several conservation groups; and a series of individual statements of support from the President's Mitigation Memo.    Mrs. Dingell. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And I want to read to you a letter from the National Mitigation Banking Association, when this Memorandum came out, said, ``This Presidential Memorandum strikes the right balance between economic development and restoring the Nation's natural resources endowment.''    And then later in it, ``With this new policy we expect to double the pace of private investment from the 2014 rate of 85,000 acres per year to 200,000 acres per year within the next 5 years.''    So, for the record, I wanted to read that. And I would just enter that into the record.    Mrs. Dingell. Thank you.    But I would also say that the Presidential Memo's guidelines rest on a solid foundation of existing law and policy, which I think is not coming through, such as the FLPMA's mandates to provide for multiple use, sustained yield, and avoid unnecessary and undue degradation of public land resources, as well as NEPA's requirement for Federal agencies to identify impacts and consider ways to avoid, minimize, and offset them through mitigation. This foundation makes a rulemaking unnecessary.    I think what this Memorandum is trying to do is to bring agencies that are all working on the same project together, and get everybody rowing--you know, if you are in the boat, getting everybody rowing in the same direction based on existing law.    So, I think the President was trying to show leadership, something you keep saying he wants to do; but when he does, you are never happy.    Let me go back to something I was talking to Mr. Bean about a few minutes ago.    Mr. Bean, I want to go back to one of the questions in the previous series and ask you to expand a little. You mentioned that mitigation reduces the chance of damage to environmentally sensitive land and waters. That seems counter-intuitive, because mitigation is only necessary when adverse impacts cannot be avoided.    Can you explain the different ways that that works? And is the Dry Lake Solar Energy Zone in Nevada that you mention in your written testimony an example of how it might work?    Mrs. Dingell. Thank you.    Ms. Goldfuss, we keep getting all this criticism of the Presidential Memo. My reading and studying of it says that the guidance builds on existing practices of 100 years of requiring mitigation for development. How does this improve on the status quo?    Mrs. Dingell. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. My time is up.    Mrs. Dingell. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I guess I would just like to say that I think the Memo came out of leadership, because I think we are always saying we wish we saw better coordination between the agencies. The Department of Defense is a very different department than the Department of the Interior. How do you take the existing foundation and goals and put everybody in the boat and all rowing in the same direction? That is what I viewed this as being.    I would like to add and ask that the record be kept open a little longer, just for all the members of the committee and the subcommittee, the number of mitigation banks in their district which will show where restoration is happening at no expense to the taxpayers. The Chairman will find that he has 12 mitigation banks in his district. I have none. I have to figure out why I don't have any.    I want to go back, Mr. Bean, to the second half of my question that you did not get to, which is one of the major successes we have seen with this approach is the Dry Lake Solar Energy Zone in Nevada, where permitting times for projects were cut in half. What other opportunities do you see to replicate this experience? And isn't that what this is really about?    Mrs. Dingell. Thank you, Mr. Bean.    Mr. Chairman, I am going to yield back the balance of my time. I think we have subjected these witnesses to enough today.    Mrs. Dingell. I think they are trying to do a good job. They work hard.