    Ms. WILSON. Mr. Chairman, I want to thank you for holding this hearing and giving us an opportunity to discuss the Department of Labor's work to ensure more American workers have the protections they need to build a better life for themselves and their families.    The legislation establishing the Department of Labor memorialized the agency's honored purpose, to foster, promote, and develop the welfare of working people, to improve their working conditions, and to advance their opportunities for profitable employment.    Since its inception in 1913 and throughout America's ever changing economic and social landscape, DOL has held steadfast to this original purpose. Using its court affirmed statutory authority, the department has proposed rules to promote fair wages, safe workplaces, and equal employment opportunities.    For instance, I was pleased to hear that DOL released the persuader rule for OMB review this week, and will soon finalize the rule. Four years in the making, this rule will level the playing field for workers wishing to organize by strengthening disclosure requirements for employers that hire pricey outside consultants to bust union organizing efforts.    It is my hope that our subcommittee, also tasked with promoting the welfare of working people, will join DOL in its efforts by passing legislation that supports working families. Instead, it seems we are stuck in a perpetual state of inaction or flat out obstruction. Efforts to derail DOL's regulations do not help workers struggling to get by, create safer workplaces, or promote equal opportunity in employment.    The men and women teetering on the brink of poverty, people making $23,660 a year, who are asked to work 50, 60, or 70 hours a week with no promise of extra pay, are not helped by efforts to block DOL's rule to extend overtime protection to 5 million working Americans.    The nearly 2.1 million workers exposed to silica and at risk of contracting potentially lethal silicosis are not made safer by efforts to block full implementation of DOL's crystalline silica dust rule.    Expectant mothers who want nothing more than the ability to work and save for their new additions are not comforted by efforts to impede EEOC's work to address pregnancy discrimination in the workplace.    Americans are no longer persuaded by some of the offered justifications for attempts to block regulations designed to protect workers. It is hard to argue the Department of Labor's regulatory agenda is causing historic job loss when we are in fact in the midst of the longest streak of job growth on record. Our economy has added over 13.7 million jobs over 69 straight months, and we are seeing the lowest unemployment rate since April 2008.    These questionable arguments for blocking DOL's rules must make us question the purpose of our pursuits.    If there is genuine concern for workers, as well as businesses, then support a working families agenda that boosts wages, so more Americans are economically secure and have the increased spending power that supports job creating consumer demand. Take up a vote on a working families agenda that promotes the strong work/family balance needed for productive workers. Pass a working families agenda that promotes the equal employment opportunity that is linked to increased profitability and ensures all workers have a fair shot at success.    I must remind my colleagues that the department's purpose as well as our own is singular and clearly defined, the welfare of working people. It is this purpose that we must look to when judging DOL's actions as well as our own. We are the Workforce Protections Subcommittee. We must protect the workforce.    I look forward to hearing from the witnesses and what we can do to support DOL's efforts to promote the welfare of working people.    To the witnesses, I have read your statements. I want to work with you and do what we can to support DOL's efforts to promote the welfare of working people.    Very shortly, in Emancipation Hall at 11:00 a.m., members of the Congressional Black Caucus and House and Senate leadership will commemorate the 150th anniversary of the ratification of the 13th Amendment to the United States Constitution, which abolished slavery in the United States. The very slaves who built the United States Capitol.    Thousands fell to their death trying to erect the dome. They slept outside in the snow while laying the marble floors and columns. The ultimate workforce on whose shoulders we stand. They never had or received any protection. There was no Department of Labor, no Workforce Protections Subcommittee.    We cannot turn back. We have made so much progress. Let us vow to protect our present workers. After all, we are the Workforce Protections Committee, and I want to be proud of our work as we protect our workers.    I want to thank Representative Pocan for substituting for me. I have to attend the ceremony, and I yield back my time.