    Mr. McGovern. Well, thank you very much, Mr. Chairman and Mr. Ranking Member. Thank you for allowing me this opportunity to testify today in support of funding a competitive grant program for nonprofits that train service dogs for our veterans. And specifically, I ask that the committee support a $5 million request for the Wounded Warriors Service Dog program.    In addition, I request that the committee insert language addressing the benefits of canine therapy for treatment for PTSD and TBI symptoms. And I will include this language with my official statement.    I also want to express my gratitude to the chairman and ranking member for their assistance in securing the initial funding for this program during the fiscal year 2015 appropriations process. Last year this program was awarded $1 million, and we are hoping to build upon that initial funding and continue to grow this competitive grant program.    Mr. Chairman, so many of our veterans are returning from war bearing both physical and emotional scars. We must do what we can to ensure that they have the access to treatments that work. Service dogs have shown to have a positive effect on the treatment of PTSD and TBI symptoms, and it is not coincidental that we have seen a significant growth in the demand for the service dogs as more of our veterans are returning home and in a need of this assistance.    During the last Congress, I had the opportunity to visit the National Education for Assistance Dog Services, or NEADS, which is located in Princeton, Massachusetts. I heard amazing stories about how service dogs are helping to treat veterans with physical disabilities, as well as those suffering from post-traumatic stress. This nonprofit organization has connected many deserving veterans with service dogs over the past few years with incredible results.    In the last few years, NEADS, like many of the other nonprofits providing this crucial service, have struggled to meet these growing levels of demand. Many nonprofits that train dogs for use by veterans are underfunded. The cost of training the service dog varies, but estimates range from $15,000 to $60,000 per dog, and training can take up to 2 years. Too often, a veteran's need for service dogs are unmet due to financial constraints. This competitive grant will help ease the increased financial burden that these organizations are facing.    In January, the VA launched a study on the potential benefits of service dogs for individuals with PTSD. They expect this study to end sometime during 2018 or 2019. But if you sit down with just a handful of our veterans who have received a service dog for PTSD, it will become as clear as day how helpful these dogs are.    Mr. Chairman, with so many of our veterans coming home from war suffering from post-traumatic stress disorder and other physical disabilities, it is critical that we offer them multiple treatment options, and connecting veterans with lifesaving service dogs should be one of those comprehensive care options. So I ask this subcommittee and my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support this competitive grant program at the levels requested for fiscal year 2016 so that our veterans can receive the treatment that they deserve.    And let me just close with one story. One of the veterans that I met, Mr. Chairman and Mr. Ranking Member, had returned from serving in Afghanistan and could not leave his bedroom, never mind go to other rooms of his house, was heavily medicated on all kinds of prescription drugs. And then a service dog was introduced into his life, and he, because he had to care for the dog, actually, it forced him to get out of not only his bedroom, but out of his house. It was able to wean him off of all the drugs that he was on. And he is now back to work.    And so I think it is very clear that these service dogs have an incredibly positive effect on PTSD for our returning veterans, and I think we ought to do everything we can to make them available for people. So I thank you.    Mr. McGovern. Thank you.    Mr. McGovern. I want to say thank you to both of you and your staff for opening up this process so that all the Members, not just those on your committee, can have a chance to testify. I appreciate this very much.