    Mr. Stivers. Chairman Salmon, Ranking Member Sherman, distinguished members of the subcommittee, thank you for the invitation to testify on the role of USAID in advancing our foreign policy goals in the East Asia and Pacific region.    It is an honor to appear here before the committee again. Having worked in the House of Representatives for almost two decades, this side of the Capitol always feels like home to me. And it is also a pleasure to be here alongside my colleague, Assistant Secretary Daniel Russel.    The President's budget request of $845.6 million for the East Asia-Pacific region represents an 8-percent increase over Fiscal Year 2014, laying the foundation for strengthening our relationships in Asia.    It is an exciting and pivotal time for U.S. policy in Asia. Hundreds of millions have been lifted out of poverty, and economic growth is strong. Yet, the region still has the bulk of the world's poor; 70 percent of the world's malnourished children; a majority of all natural disasters occur in this region; and a host of other development challenges related to governance, human rights, trafficking, and gender empowerment.    President Obama's Asia-Pacific Rebalance policy recognizes that our future is inextricably tied to this region. In Asia, we are working through three primary approaches to implement USAID's mission to end extreme poverty and promote resilient democratic societies, while also advancing our own security and prosperity.    First, we are institutionalizing USAID's new model of development, which leverages the private sector, innovation, and regional approaches to do more with less. In the last 5 years, USAID has moved from just 8 percent of its resources programmed for this model, which leverages the private sector, to 40 percent.    Second, through the Presidential initiatives on Global Health, Feed the Future, and Climate Change, USAID is helping to achieve historic results that improve health, fight disease, increase food security, and help communities manage a changing environment.    Third, USAID is promoting democratic governance and empowering reformers. Solutions to challenges will ultimately come from the people of the region, and our best chance of promoting democratic change and human rights is to empower the reformers. For this reason, this budget request includes increases in funding for democratic governance and human rights for almost every country in the region, representing the administration's desire to robustly fund such programs.    Next, I will delve deeper into select countries. In Burma, this is a pivotal year with national elections scheduled for November. At the core of our efforts is our support for civil society organizations that are working to hold the government accountable and to help those resisting discrimination and violence.    USAID is helping prepare for the elections by building the capacity of the election commission, training domestic election observers, supporting voter registration and education, and strengthening the capacity of political parties. In Rakhine State, USAID continues to support humanitarian assistance to the Rohingya population. This is a dynamic period in Burma and, as it progresses, we will be reassessing the nature of Burma's needs in close consultation with Congress.    In Cambodia, promoting democratic governance and human rights continues to be our highest priority. Civil society, while not fully respected by the government, has grown in vibrancy and strength in recent years, thanks in part to USAID assistance. In health, USAID has helped Cambodia meet its Millennium Development Goals on child and maternal mortality ahead of schedule. The country has set an ambitious goal of a zero incidence rate for HIV/AIDS by 2020. To combat human trafficking in Cambodia, technology developed by USAID partners is raising awareness of safe migration to reduce the number of victims and prevent trafficking.    Indonesia is a democratic success story, but there are major governance challenges. USAID is partnering to support the Anti-Corruption Commission, strengthen the judicial system, and promote Indonesian civil society. USAID also partners with Indonesia to protect and manage ocean and coastal resources. USAID has helped secure a commitment by the world's leading palm oil producers to transition to sustainable production that breaks the link with deforestation.    In the Philippines, our Partnership for Growth initiative promotes economic growth and good governance. It has contributed to the Philippines becoming one of the fastest growing markets for U.S. food and farm products. Since Typhoon Haiyan struck, we have strengthened our partnership to mitigate the risk and impacts of natural disasters and rebuild typhoon-affected communities. Lack of formal access to land ownership is a key cause of poverty and a driver of conflict. Land reform is a USAID priority and we continue to work to improve the regulatory environment and streamline the land registration process.    In Vietnam, USAID's Governance for Inclusive Growth program provides technical assistance to improve compliance with trade agreements, rule of law, and improve our access to Vietnam's growing market for U.S. exports. In addition, USAID is focused on addressing war legacies, health and disabilities, and has reduced susceptibility to climate change and natural disasters.    Mr. Chairman and members of the committee, the future development and growth of the East Asia and Pacific region is ever more important to our own future. I appreciate the opportunity to testify today, and I look forward to hearing your thoughts and any questions.    Mr. Stivers. Thank you. Thank you, Assistant Secretary.    I just want to clear up, in terms of USAID's perspective, there is no funding in this budget request for the Chinese Government or that would benefit the Chinese Government. Certainly they can fund their own development programs.    The funding in this request focuses on Tibetan communities, one of the most vulnerable and repressed populations in the world. And this committee and you, Mr. Chairman, and Mr. Sherman and Mr. Rohrabacher have really been leaders on that over the years. And I worked a bit on that when I was a staffer in Congress, in terms of that assistance.    There is a small amount of health funding that is part of our regional funding, which does affect southern China. But the funding in this request is for the Tibetan community in the Tibetan Plateau.    Mr. Stivers. Thank you, Mr. Lowenthal, for that question and for your leadership on climate change issues.    Climate change is affecting the people of the East Asia-Pacific region. In support of the President's Global Climate Change Initiative, we are helping with cleaner energy sources, adaptation and sustainable land practices, and disaster resilience.    In the Mekong Delta, 1 meter of sea level rise will inundate 40 percent of the land where 18 million people live. I was just there a few weeks ago to see what USAID is doing. And we are helping farmers adapt to increased salinization of the rivers, droughts, and with new farming techniques for salt-resistant crops for local communities, and to raise their awareness for best practice as they deal with these issues.    And so USAID has a number of initiatives in many countries in East Asia-Pacific, which is extremely vulnerable to climate change.    Mr. Stivers. Just real quick, Mr. Rohrabacher, I just want to assure you that we provide no assistance to China on the environment. The example I was using was in Vietnam.    I have shared many of your concerns about China from my time working almost 18 years for Ms. Pelosi. And so I have been fortunate to work alongside you and your staff on a lot of these issues.    But I can assure you there is no environmental assistance we provide in China except for a little bit on the Tibetan Plateau that helps the Tibetans, but none that benefits China.