    Mr. Scott. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Gentlemen, thank you for being here.    And I know we have talked a lot about Syria and other parts of the world outside the U.S. I want to get back to the U.S. for a couple of minutes.    Mr. Morell, you said that the FBI has over 800 open investigations in this country?    Mr. Scott. 900. Okay. I am, quite honestly, surprised that it is not even higher than that, with what we have seen.    Do we know what percentage of those investigations are U.S. citizens and what percentage are not U.S. citizens?    Mr. Scott. The vast majority are U.S. citizens.    Of those who are not U.S. citizens, do we know how they got to the United States, whether it was refugee or visa, or what gaps? Did they come across the border illegally?    Mr. Scott. Those are certainly things that I think we should follow up on and try to find what the commonalities are of those who seem to desire to be a part of that organization.    The other thing that there seems to be uniform agreement on is that, as long as ISIS maintains large blocks of territory, then they will be a power in that region of the world. How many countries do they claim to have territory in today?    Mr. Scott. Eight to ten. That is----    Mr. Scott. Do they claim territory in all of those areas, or----    Mr. Scott . Do they just----    Mr. Scott. Right.    Mr. Scott. Would you agree that an area where they actually claim territory, that is different than having an operation, the actual claim of physical territory and land?    Mr. Scott. So is one of the countries that they claim to have a safe haven in Saudi Arabia?    Mr. Scott. It is not?    Mr. Scott. Okay. So which one of those territories, or nations that they claim to have territory in, would their operation be the smallest in?    Ambassador Ford. Algeria.    Mr. Scott. Algeria.    Ambassador Ford. They have an affiliate, the Wilayat al-Jazair, the Algeria Prophet, they call it, and it is basically a group called Jund al-Khilafah. It is not very big, probably maybe 50 to 100 fighters. They murdered a Frenchman----    Mr. Scott. Let me stop you right there. You hit on the point I was trying to get to: It is not very big.    Ambassador Ford. Right.    Mr. Scott. So while we are trying to figure out how to carry out these extremely complex military operations and diplomatic operations in countries like Syria, why shouldn't we destroy them in these other countries that they claim territory in, start to get small victories against them? Why shouldn't we just wipe them out in there?    If they only have 100 people, why can't we--why don't we, I should say--wipe them out so that instead of claiming land in 10 countries they claim it in 2 or 3? And you defeat the small ones first, and then you defeat the big ones. That way, you are not playing Whac-A-Mole when you go in and take on the big one.    Ambassador Ford. With respect to a place like Algeria--two comments.    Number one, the Algerian Government is vigorously pursuing this group. They hate them. They despise them. They have been fighting groups like this since the early 1990s.    That said, the Algerians, in particular, are quite sensitive about the deployment of foreign forces on their soil. They are hypersensitive. It would probably be easier, Congressman, to deploy special operations forces--politically, it would be easier, politically, to do it in a place like Tunisia or Yemen.    Mr. Scott. And if I can finish up, with the 15 seconds I have left. That is what creates the challenge with the authorization for the use of military force, is that they are in so many countries which are sovereign states, and us, as a country, operating militarily in those states without their permission is a tremendous challenge.    And so any suggestions that you have--I am out of time, but, certainly, in how the authorization for use of military force could be drafted that allowed us to carry out those operations. But you are talking about multiple countries, not just one or two, and that makes it an extremely complex issue.    Congratulations on the national championship, Dr. Vickers. We look forward to beating you----    Mr. Scott . Next year.