    Mr. Lujan. Mr. Chairman, thank you so very much. And I really appreciate, Mr. Chairman, you and the ranking member bringing us together for this important hearing pertaining to the Waste Isolation Pilot Plant and Los Alamos National Laboratory EM, as well as the NNSA.    Mr. Whitney, as we work on these issues, I think it is important to remember that in executing the mission of these projects, as well as to Ms. Creedon, that we also work with these local communities. And, Mr. Whitney, are you committed to engaging and involving the surrounding local community in the prioritization and procurement of environmental cleanup efforts at Los Alamos National Laboratory?    Mr. Lujan. And as you increase Federal oversight positions at LANL, what are you doing to ensure that the funding for cleanup efforts does not adversely impact it?    Mr. Lujan. And, Mr. Whitney, as conversations are had with various States around the country based on what we saw with the incident here, are we going to also take into consideration that the time lines that we are working with are going to ensure that the safest protocol associated with completing these projects is included?    Mr. Lujan. I appreciate that very much.    And, Ms. Creedon, what is your agency's intent for CAS? Do you believe that CAS is still the right tool for the objective that we are talking about today?    Mr. Lujan. So in order to work with the contractors and with the leadership at the various laboratories in NNSA's case, does NNSA have a responsibility to make sure that proper policies and guidance are given for the implementation of the CAS systems?    Mr. Lujan. And what is your response to GAO where one of the GAO reports includes that NNSA did not fully establish policies or guidance for using CAS information for oversight leading to inconsistency in oversight and GAO also stated that NNSA did not adequately monitor the effectiveness of the CAS process?    Mr. Lujan. Very good. I would just note as well that in a separate GAO report, April 15, 2015, ``Observations on Management Challenges and Steps Taken to Address Them,'' the report also, quote: ``As noted in GAO's 2015 high risk report, NNSA has a long history of identifying corrective actions and declaring them successfully resolved, only to follow with the identification of additional actions. As GAO has reported, this suggests that NNSA does not have a full understanding of the root causes of its contract and project management challenges.''    So I think it is critically important, as we look over the series of these, that we have to get this right. Above all, we also not only have national security responsibilities to all the workers, to all the communities that are in this space, to ensure their safety, as Mr. Whitney has as well, and we have to get this right.    And with that being said, Mr. Chairman, I know that several of our members today have spoken about or asked questions about governance structure as well, and I know my office is reaching out to the majority staff and minority staff so we can have those conversations based on the Mies-Augustine report, the Academy of Sciences, various amendments that have come through the House and Senate in this structure. And I think that there is an important responsibility that we have in the committee, but also for those that are interested, I would certainly appreciate getting a chance to work with them.    And then also, as we noted, Mr. Chairman, as my time elapses, or has elapsed, with making sure that we are able to work with our Senate counterparts that through the process of making sure that we have the right people in the right jobs at the right time. As we saw, there was a lapse here with a lot of acting administrators and acting directors, acting secretaries in this space as well.    I don't think that is an excuse, though, Mr. Chairman, but every layer of oversight that we can work on to make more effective, I would certainly appreciate being able to work with anyone, and especially yourself and the ranking member on that.    Thank you again for allowing me the time to speak today, sir.