    Mr. Dhume. Let me take a quick stab at both of those. On the e-commerce, I would agree with what Rick said. It is important to keep in perspective that India's e-commerce market is one of the most interesting and one of the fastest-growing in the world. There was a statistic recently I saw which said that the top three e-commerce sites in India do more business than the top ten offline retailers combined. One of those top three is Amazon.    Mr. Dhume. So, it is definitely there. It is a player. There is certainly room for further reform over there. I agree that it is probably coming down the pike, but the situation now, it is already we do have--there is a stake.    On Make in India, I think your question, it is a very important question because there is a philosophical difference and there is a difference between a Make in India which says we are going to make India a more attractive place to do business and a Make in India that says we are going to make it hard to do business unless you make in India.    Mr. Dhume. I think that is what the question is driving at. I would say that, so far, the emphasis of the government has been on the former, but it is certainly something that we should continue to watch and continue to pay attention to. But, if you look at FDI over the last 20 months, the first 20 months of the Modi government, FDI in India has risen by 33 percent.    Mr. Dhume. So, it has definitely been very foreign-investment-friendly.    Mr. Dhume. I was just in India last week and I watched The Revenant with my parents, and they absolutely loved that bear scene. So, a lot of Hollywood movies in India.    Mr. Dhume. Netflix has just come to India also, and I expect it to do quite well. It is a large market.    Mr. Dhume. Can I just add?    Mr. Dhume. I will just add to that very briefly. I think that it is a completely valid concern. I think that there is reason to be concerned that this has taken so long and that, despite many years after the agreement, there hasn't been concrete----    Mr. Dhume. I think it is viewed, as you alluded to in your question, mostly through the prism of Bhopal, which is why you had that liability law passed in 2010 which was very tough.    But I think there is something that we sometimes lose sight of when we are discussing the nuclear issue, which is that, though there may not have been sufficient progress on that particular issue, the nuclear deal really has unlocked the relationship in many other ways.    Mr. Dhume. Gujarat and Andhra Pradesh, I would say.    Mr. Dhume. I would just add very quickly that I would share the characterization that there has been neither concrete forward movement nor visible backsliding. I think that on the positive side, some of the fears that people had 2 or 3 years ago about, for instance, compulsory licensing have not come to pass. Things have sort of been frozen in place. But it certainly does seem that the area of concern would probably be things like drug pricing where it is a very live political issue in terms of how much companies should charge. And that is the area that I would be paying the most attention to.    Mr. Dhume. I agree with all of that. I would just say that, if you were to look at India and you look around, basically, with all the smaller countries, trade relations have been improving, deepening. Barriers have been lowered.    The two problems are China and Pakistan, for different reasons. The India-China relationship in some ways is like the U.S.-China relationship in terms of trade. It is lopsided. India has market access issues. Nonetheless, it is a very large economic partners.    With Pakistan, it is really a question of access. The key over there is that India would like to see trade dealt with as a separate issue and trade to be pursued; whereas, Pakistan would like trade to be linked to other issues, such as security, and that has been a sticking point.    Mr. Dhume. I think large companies do. Large companies that have the resources when cases come up to prosecute it effectively, hire the best law firms, get it through the appeals process to higher courts, where you know you are going to get a very good hearing, they have managed to do fairly well. Some major cases involving some of the biggest investors in the country, recently Vodafone, a few years before that Morgan Stanley with a big tax case, they managed to get those all the way to the Supreme Court of India in just a couple of years.    But the small and medium businesses I think, for them, where maybe they don't have the kind of resources to put toward the case, they would have to churn it out, just like Indian companies would. That sometimes can take several years to get through.    So, I think it moves fast enough and it is fair for large companies with the resources to spend the time and energy to do it. Small and medium companies, I think they continue to be concerned about this. So, I will leave it at that.    Mr. Dhume. I mean, I think you could divide that into a bird's eye view and a worm's eye view. From a bird's eye view, it looks great, the British legal system, rule of law, and all of that. From the worm's eye view, for firms it often depends from case to case and it can be messy and time-consuming.    But, by and large, if you sort of look at India and compare it to most of the developing world in Asia, I would say that rule of law is generally seen as one of the positive attributes of India.    Mr. Dhume. On DTTI, I would add one other sort of broader reason for optimism is the Make in India policy that was mentioned earlier and, also, raising foreign investment caps in India in the defense sector. So, there is genuine optimism that there will be more U.S. investment and genuine partnership over there, including in defense manufacturing, and there is certainly a lot of interest in that in India.    On the logistical agreements, I don't know what the latest on that is, but my understanding is that, with the new Defense Minister Parrikar, there is greater interest in India going ahead and signing those agreements than we had in the previous administration.