    Mr. Smith. The hearing will come to order, and good afternoon. It is an honor to be here with you today focusing on the fight against human trafficking, an insidious human rights abuse that thrives in an environment of secrecy, of silence, of acquiescence, complacency, and of a mindset that says that it is somehow somebody else's business. The truth of the matter is that combating modern day slavery is everybody's business. We are all in this together. Cooperation and coordination are key to mitigating and someday ending this pervasive cruelty.    Significant progress has been made since I authored landmark legislation known as the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 to combat sex and labor trafficking in the United States and globally. The Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 and its 2003 and 2005 reauthorizations, which I also sponsored, launched a bold new strategy that included sheltering, political asylum, and other protections for the victims, long jail sentences and asset confiscation for the traffickers, and tough sanctions for governments that failed to meet minimum standards prescribed in the legislation. And for the first time ever, the law recognized, and this was a sea change effort, the exploited women, children, and men, as victims, not as perpetrators of the crime.    Since 2004, the Trafficking Victims Protection Act has resulted in anti-human trafficking task forces in 42 cities across the U.S. These task forces identify potential victims of human trafficking, coordinate local and Federal law enforcement to rescue victims, assist with referrals for victim care, and train law enforcement.    Today's hearing will concentrate on rescue and refuge. In January 2000, I received actionable information that eight Ukrainian women were being exploited by sex traffickers in two bars in Montenegro. The women had been lured there with promises of legitimate work, then forced into prostitution. One desperate victim, however, called her mother for help using the phone of one of the men that was exploiting her. When informed, I immediately called the Prime Minister of Montenegro, Filip Vujanovic, who personally ordered an immediate raid on the bar. As a result, I was told, don't let the local police go. They are on the take. They exploit the women. They are getting money from this nefarious establishment. So he sent his own police to rescue, and as a result, seven of the eight women were rescued and returned to their families in Ukraine. Tragically, the eighth woman was trafficked to Albania prior to the raid.    We now know that organized crime, street gangs, pimps around the world, have expanded into sex trafficking at an alarming rate. It is an extremely lucrative undertaking. A trafficker can make hundreds of thousands of dollars a year off just one victim. Unlike drugs or weapons, a human being can be held captive and sold into sexual slavery over and over and over again, turned into a commodity. Pornography and the devaluation of women are helping to drive this demand. And while our Departments of Justice and Homeland Security work with law enforcement abroad in sting operations to catch American pedophile sex tourists and to rescue victims, where there is a nexus with the United States, they cannot conduct rescue operations or run investigations that fall outside of their jurisdiction.    Nevertheless there are victims, someone's young son or daughter, today being cruelly exploited. Into this gap step nongovernmental rescue operations. Some of the best are staffed by former Navy SEALS, ex-CIA agents, and even the occasional sitting member of a State Government. That is what we will hear about today, from witnesses that include a former CIA agent now involved in rescuing the most vulnerable, as well as from a sitting attorney general. We will hear from a former Member of the Mexican Congress who has fought trafficking her entire career, and we will hear from a victim of trafficking who will also tell us about the importance of refuge and rehabilitation following the rescue.    Operation Underground Railroad has made it their business literally and figuratively to identify children being sex trafficked into other countries and then to partner with the relevant foreign governments and their entities for the rescue and rehab of those children.    Operation Underground Railroad members frequently pose as American sex tourists who enlist traffickers to host sex parties for them. It is a common occurrence in many Latin American nations and it provides the perfect cover for Operation Underground Railroad to lure the traffickers with the children for sale to a preset location and then have the local authorities ready to bust the traffickers as well as to rescue the kids. Operation Underground Railroad also trains the local governments on how to conduct sting operations on traffickers and on the rehabilitative needs of those trafficking victims.    I want to thank our witnesses in advance for their extraordinary and courageous activity on behalf of these vulnerable people, especially kids, especially women who are at risk. You have made an enormous difference. And the country, the United States, the Congress, and the world, really needs to hear what you are doing so that these great actions can be replicated so that more people will be rescued.    I would like to now yield to my good friend and colleague, the gentlelady from California, Ms. Bass.    Mr. Smith. Thank you, Ms. Bass.    I would like to now recognize Mr. Emmer.    Mr. Smith. Thank you very much, Mr. Emmer.    I would like to recognize my good friend and colleague, Mr. Clawson, from Florida.    Mr. Smith. Thank you very much, Mr. Clawson.    I would like to now introduce our very distinguished witnesses and invite them to testify. Beginning first, it is my very high honor and privilege to recognize and welcome the Honorable Sean Reyes, who today serves as the 21st attorney general of Utah, first appointed and then elected, but first appointed in 2013. Attorney General Reyes has received attention locally and nationally for transforming the Utah attorney general's office and for his very direct involvement in bringing traffickers to justice both in Utah and in South America. Last year, for example he traveled with Operation Underground Railroad to participate in a covert sting where he posed as a bodyguard and translator to help liberate over 100 children from a sex trafficking ring. A public official who doesn't just implement or enforce the law, but actually gets right there face-to-face with the horrific tragedy, preventable tragedy, of sex trafficking and helps to rescue those kids.    We will then hear from Mr. Timothy Ballard who is the founder and CEO of Operation Underground Railroad and serves as its jump team commander for rescue operations. Mr. Ballard has worked at the Central Intelligence Agency and as a special agent for the Department of Homeland Security where he was assigned to the Internet Crimes Against Children Task Force and deployed as an undercover operative for the U.S. Child Sex Tourism Jump Team. He has worked every type of case imaginable in the United States and in multiple foreign countries in the fight to dismantle, disrupt, and bring to justice these terrible child trafficking rings, so thank you.    Then we will hear from Ms. Karla Jacinto Romero who is now 22 years old and a survivor of human trafficking which she suffered from the age of 12 to the age of 16. Today Karla is a happy and successful mother of two beautiful girls, a wife, a student, and an international activist. She has shared her strong message against human trafficking with the Mexican House of Representatives, in the United Kingdom, in Rome, as well as in the Vatican. She helps rebuild the dreams of other human trafficking survivors by both her words and by her example, encouraging them to overcome and to love life and to trust their neighbors again.    We will then hear from Ms. Rosi Orozco who is currently the president of the Commission United vs. Trafficking. Since 1990, she has worked to promote and defend human rights through several associations, particularly in the prevention and treatment of combating human trafficking, crime prevention, social development, and strengthening families. She has also acted as Federal Deputy and the President of the Special Commission for the Fight Against Human Trafficking in the Mexican House of Representatives and was the main proponent of the Law Initiative to Prevent, Punish, and Eradicate the Offenses on Trafficking in Persons and to Protect and Assist the Victims of these crimes, which became law in Mexico. Fellow lawmaker, welcome, and thank you for your leadership. Mr. Attorney General, the floor is yours.    Mr. Smith. Thank you so very much, Mr. Attorney General. And thank you for bringing up the International Megan's Law. It has passed the House three times. We believe it will get its hearing and will be acted upon by the U.S. Senate.    Mr. Smith. Megan Kanka--before I go to Mr. Ballard--the 7-year-old girl who was brutally slain in Hamilton Township, New Jersey, my hometown, no one knew that, that pedophile lived across the street. He invited her into the house, raped her, and then brutally killed her. And that led to the enactment of Megan's Law in all 50 states and the District of Columbia and throughout the territories. It is a transformational effort. And the international part, as you know, it is all about noticing countries of destination of convicted pedophiles. There was a GAO report that found something like 4,500 convicted pedophiles in 1 year alone according to the Government Accountability Office, got passports, and they are good for 10 years, and then they go about travelling.    And they travel to places like Colombia, like Thailand, Brazil, all over the world; and they abuse children in secrecy. This would empower that government to deny a visa or to watch them very closely so they don't abuse their kids. So thank you for bringing that up as a preventative means of mitigating this horrific crime. Mr. Ballard.    Mr. Smith. Mr. Ballard, thank you so very much and again for that sacrifice of leaving your employment to take on this private sector initiative that has saved, as you pointed out, hundreds of victims in the last year alone. That is extraordinary. Thank you for that leadership.    Mr. Smith. Well now I will turn to Karla Jacinto, and I thank you for being here. Thank you.    Mr. Smith. Karla, thank you so much for testifying and for the bravery to come forward and tell your story and to admonish all of to us do more to end this cruelty, and to help those who have been victimized. So your story will help.    Mr. Smith. I would note for the record that C-SPAN is here which means that Americans will have the opportunity to hear all of your testimonies. And C-SPAN, you know, is independent. It does not cover every hearing. And I am very grateful that they are here so that your words will be heard by millions of Americans and people around the world. So thank you.    I would like to now introduce our final witness, Rosi Orozco, again a former deputy, author of landmark anti-human trafficking legislation in Mexico, and now the president of the Commission United vs. Trafficking.    Mr. Smith. Ms. Orozco, thank you very much for your leadership, both in the Congress as well as now as head of an NGO. Thank you so much. You inspire us and, obviously, you have saved many, many lives.    Mr. Smith. I would like to ask a few questions. We do have three votes. If it is okay with you, and I know some of you may have to leave, we will take a short recess and come back and ask some additional questions. But just to begin the questioning, and I yield to my two distinguished colleagues, Attorney General Reyes, you talked about the 120 kids and let me just say, undercover work whether it be in Utah, your State or my State, New Jersey, or any State in the Union is always dangerous work. But I would be suspect of undercover work in a foreign country where the reliability of the law enforcement assets may be questionable. Mr. Ballard may want to speak to this as well--how do you vet the law enforcement people that you make a part of your team given the distance, or even in Utah. There might be somebody who is complicit in the trafficking who would let the bad guys know you are coming, or put your very life at risk.    The 120 kids, what has become of them? The whole idea of recidivism is always a deep concern for all of us. All of you might want to speak to that. How do you keep them out of harm's way? I have found, because I have been in shelters all over the world, that there needs to be a significant length of time, months doesn't cut it. It needs to be years to really break that cycle and turn, as Ms. Orozco talked about, the hate into love and self-acceptance. Because the victims, unfortunately, blame themselves far too often, and they are victims. So if you could speak to those two issues at the outset and Ms. Bass, I could yield to you now, and then to get the questions in because I know Ms. Bass can't return, and then Ms. Jackson Lee.    Mr. Smith. If I could, just because of time, we are joined by Mia Love, who is obviously from your State, and a very dedicated Member of the Congress, and caring about these issues, and then going to my Democrat colleague, Ms. Jackson Lee.    Mr. Smith. Thank you. Ms. Jackson Lee.    Mr. Smith. No, we do have a little extra time so if you will begin answering the questions----    Mr. Smith. Thank you. We have three votes, like I said, so in about 15 minutes or so, we will resume the sitting of the subcommittee. Thank you very much, and we stand in recess.    Mr. Smith. The subcommittee will resume its sitting, and I do want to apologize again for the delay to our distinguished witnesses as well as to the audience. We are joined by Ann Wagner, a distinguished Member of the House of Representatives from Missouri, who wrote a major bill that has passed the House, is likely to be back in the House after being through the Senate, that criminalizes advertising. And I would like to yield to my good friend and colleague for any comments about her bill which I think will make a huge difference, and any questions that she might have of our panel.    Mr. Smith. Before you go on, I do hope other attorneys general and their staffs get to see this on C-SPAN and perhaps by amplification by the media, because you set a standard, an example that needs to be followed. This is a winnable war. We all know that, and every effort that is made, every smart effort will lead to prevention of trafficking, protection for the victims, and prosecution of this nefarious trade.    So thank you for your leadership and I would join you in thanking Congresswoman Wagner because she, first, as you know an Ambassador and working on the executive branch side, but now as a lawmaker is making a huge difference. This is a winnable war. So thank you. And we need every State to do what you are doing. They don't all want to go undercover and rescue precious children in Colombia. But they can use their tools and their capacity to end this egregious practice. So thank you. And I did ask a few questions----    Mr. Smith. Let me just ask what the role in, particularly in the healing process. I have actually been in shelters in Russia, Peru, Bolivia, Ethiopia, Romania, Ukraine, Italy, Bosnia just to name a few of the countries, and I have observed a marked difference in terms of the positive impact on women and young girls when there is a faith-based component of some kind. Some are run exclusively--in Bolivia and Peru they are run by nuns. And young girls in Peru--Greg and I were in the ones in Ethiopia, and Piero and I were in the ones in Peru and some of these other Central and South American countries. And I was really touched by how the healing seems to go so much further when there is a faith-based component.    I am wondering what you think about that. Pope Francis, among other distinguished clerics, has made this a high priority, this combating human trafficking and caring especially for the victims. I am wondering, you know, what your thoughts on that might be?    Mr. Smith. Has what, faith-based?    Mr. Smith. Thank you.    Mr. Smith. Thank you for your strong appeal for the International Megan's Law. Coming from a person with your experience and knowing the direct impact it will have, it is very, very powerful.    Let me just--I have one final question. I yield to my friend Mrs. Wagner for any additional questions she might have. But one of the emerging phenomenons that we have seen, is that it is not just organized crime, but it is gangs that has embraced human trafficking in a very, very despicable way. We have had a number of busts in my own State of organized crime, of that too, but of the gangs. And these young girls that are being exploited are 14, 15, 16 years old and if you could speak to that as an emerging threat because this seems to be going from bad to worse. Gangs do bad things with drugs, they do bad things relative to violence of other kinds and they are now in the trafficking business of human persons.    Mr. Smith. Well, thank you. And thank you for your leadership.    Mr. Smith. Thank you. I would like to yield to Congresswoman Wagner.    Mr. Smith. Thank you. As we conclude, I will just talk about situational awareness, one of the best practices that is of absolutely almost no cost except for the training, and that is to train airline flight attendants and as well as the pilots to recognize. A woman named Nancy Rivard has come up with--and others--has come up with Airline Ambassadors International, a wonderful program so that the flight attendants become situationally aware. They become eyes and ears during a flight. It ought to be done on trains and at bus stops as well. And then law enforcement is advised in a timely fashion, in the case of a plane as it lands, to be there, to ascertain whether or not there is a trafficking in progress. And there have been a number of tremendously encouraging stories where this has absolutely broken the cycle.    Coming out of Haiti, American Airlines was able to break a cycle of little children where a pedophile ring was broken. Flights coming out of Russia to Chicago where every couple of days there would be a number of Russian girls, young girls, teenagers, with one guy. There is something wrong with that picture. Turns out it was a trafficking ring and the flight attendants were situationally aware enough to make sure the pilot called ahead. So it is something we need to get in all of Latin America, all of Asia, all of Europe, Africa, so that thousands of airline flight attendants and the pilots and crew will be aware of what it looks like not to be law enforcers, not to put the potential victims at risk or themselves, but again, to phone ahead so that when that plane lands, they are rescued and the traffickers apprehended and prosecuted.    Mr. Smith. We do.    Mr. Smith. Sure. Nancy Rivard and it is Airline Ambassadors International. And we actually at the Department of Homeland Security, have a best practices module, or training capacity called Blue Lightning, so that needs to be replicated everywhere, including our own airlines. Delta has undertaken this, but far too few of our own airlines, certainly in Mexico, and you know, all of the other airlines need to be looking at it as well. Anything you would like to say before we conclude?    Mr. Smith. And he does send his best. He is at a top secret briefing right now, or he asked me to convey to you that he would be here to welcome you. Thank you so much.    Mr. Smith. Thank you. And thank you again for your bravery in coming forward and telling your story as well. The hearing is adjourned.