    Ms. Chaplain. Chairman Bridenstine, Chairman Smith, Ranking Member Johnson, Ranking Member Bonamici, and Members of the Subcommittee, thank you for inviting me to discuss GAO's recent work on defense weather satellites, DOD's polar-orbiting weather satellites, known as DMSP, currently cross the equator in the early and midmorning orbits while NOAA satellites cross the equator in the afternoon orbit. DOD will not continue replacing satellites in the midmorning orbit as it was decided in the aftermath of the NPOESS program that the United States would rely on the Europeans for this orbit.    In addition, last year, DOD was directed not to launch the last DMSP satellite planned for the early-morning orbit in light of Congressional concerns with lack of planning, coordination, and execution of activities to continue meeting DOD's weather requirements. But because the 19th DMSP satellite in the early-morning orbit recently failed prematurely, DOD has put dismantling of its last satellite on hold.    DOD undertook an analysis of alternatives for future weather satellites from 2012 to 2014. We were mandated by the Congress to review this study. Undertaking the analysis was a good step. In the past, we have found satellite programs did not perform a rigorous analysis or conducted one with a solution already in mind.    In addition, DOD is considering significant changes to its future space architectures to increase resiliency and is operating under a constrained budgetary environment, which ultimately means DOD needs to find ways to reduce the cost of acquisition either by paring back its requirements or doing business differently. A thorough analysis of alternatives can help DOD navigate all these challenges.    Ideally, DOD would have conducted this analysis in the aftermath of the cancelation of NPOESS in 2010. By the time it started its analysis in 2012, it was already facing a gap for measuring ocean winds and more gaps were looming. The lag in planning for a new satellite system is not unique to weather. The GAO has been concerned about similar lags from its warning satellites and protected communication satellites. The longer it takes to assess and decide on what path to take the more DOD is at risk of facing critical gaps or having to continue buying legacy satellites.    We found DOD made an effort to plan for future weather satellites with a more cost-effective approach in mind, including consideration of which capabilities DOD needed to provide and which could be provided by leveraging other sources of data. The effort to rationalize requirements is also a positive step. Too often, past programs sought to answer to many requirements, all with the most advanced technologies. The technology and design problems encountered by NPOESS were partly due to problems with reigning in requirements.    We also found the analysis was useful for informing plans for new satellites that can measure ocean winds and tropical cyclone intensity and for a new space weather sensor that could be integrated on other satellites. However, we found the analysis was less useful for informing plans for DOD's two highest priority capabilities, cloud characterization and theater weather imagery data, now facing near-term gaps over the Indian Ocean. While DOD consulted with a wide range of stakeholders in conducting the analysis, it did not effectively collaborate with NOAA, which represents DOD's interests to international partners.    Specifically, NOAA was not involved in the reviews or the analysis or regular discussions with the study leadership team, the discussions were had with the technical consultant to NOAA. The lack of formal collaboration and coordination with NOAA contributed to an incorrect assumption about the continued availability of critical weather data from European satellites. As a result, the analysis did not fully assess solutions for these high-priority capabilities.    Because DOD did not thoroughly evaluate its top-two weather priorities during the analysis, DOD is now assessing how to fill these gaps leading to additional lags and planning. The failure of DMSP satellite and the termination of DMSP-20 have heightened the need to do so. It should also be noted that ineffective coordination has been a recurring problem in space notably with the NPOESS program but with other space programs as well.    In closing, we recognize that this type of analysis is extremely challenging to conduct, more so given the rigor and scope DOD applied to it. But in light of the importance of cloud characterization and theater weather imagery data to DOD's mission, it was incumbent on the Air Force to work more effectively with NOAA. Since our report, they have taken actions, and I can talk about those during the hearing.    This concludes my statement, and I'm happy to answer any questions you have.    Ms. Chaplain. A couple things. I would add that the first two capabilities, cloud characterization, theater weather imagery, there are still questions about how to meet those capabilities, and DOD is still studying that after the AOA. During the AOA, they consulted some with NOAA on the possibility of using European satellites to fill some of those gaps, but because they didn't consult with them enough, they didn't get information that helped them form good assumptions for that study. So that's a still the question up in the air, those two capabilities.    Ms. Chaplain. I like to add to that just because our work consistently looks at this question. I would add in addition to the issues which are very legitimate, oftentimes satellite programs attempt to invent technology during the acquisition phase, so if they run across natural discovery problems during that phase, it has a lot of repercussions that drive up costs and schedule.    In the case of NPOESS, oversight was a very big problem, as well as coordination among the three agencies. And I think weather satellites tend to be a little harder to do because of that. They span so many communities. You have to bring a lot of stakeholders together and work effectively to manage the program right. So I think going forward both agencies need to look at that issue.