    Mrs. Miller. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I certainly appreciate you holding this hearing today. This is an important issue, and I appreciate the witnesses being here.    Ms. Johnson, as the Chairman mentioned, you are a career diplomat, not really a political type. I think we would have preferred someone--because it seems to me to be a political determination made by this administration.    You mentioned, in your testimony, there, you were mentioning various people, people or groups, that would be inconvenienced by this bill. But, again, as the Chairman mentioned, these issues were not either raised, or they were negotiated away during the negotiations. He did put up some of these slides. I won't ask the staff to do that again.    But I will just mention these, because I think it does bear note, here, because we were negotiating, we, being the Congress, were negotiating in very good faith with the White House and the various agencies included.    Here is a--and this particular issue, by the way, somebody mentioned and it sort of went quickly because it went in the omni, but the reality is, really, we had introduced this legislation a couple of years ago and then, again, reintroduced it during this Congress.    It went through--we had a number of hearings. Mr. Commissioner, you have been--you had the opportunity to testify before our subcommittee, as well as the full committee, as well, on numerous occasions.    So this is an issue that went through regular order, through our subcommittee, through our full committee. We were--there were many, on both sides of the aisle, who were very desirous of having floor action on this. We were, you know, really--then came Paris. So, we had this bill ready to go, and that is really how it ended up in the omni, there, at the end.    But at one time we were--these emails showing--I was just going to briefly say, proposed exemptions for journalists, relief workers, business and humanitarian travel, they accept only exemptions for government officials and military personal. Okay. Everybody agreed to that, when we were negotiating this just 3 months ago.    Here is another email. Negotiations continue, bipartisan House committee leadership staff--bipartisan. The White House, the Department of Homeland Security, State Department, the exemption for humanitarian travel are, once again, rejected by everybody. Rejected. Here is the email that was up on the screen. The administration supports this legislation, thanks to all.    Then here is another one. I am not going to say who sent all these, but here, ``I have spoken to State. They do not request any additional edits. The administration does not request any changes at this time.''    So I just point those out, because it is certainly clear, I believe, abundantly clear, that the White House negotiated in very bad faith. Again, it is not a partisan issue. It is a very bipartisan issue, and I don't know how Congress can come to an agreement with the White House, with an administration that simply turns around and then breaks the agreement, certainly violates the law, in my estimation, as well.    So, I guess, my question, Ms. Johnson, you know, to be very clear of the changes of the law, they don't bar people who have traveled to either Iran, Iraq, Syria, or Sudan from entering the country. They just simply have to go through the same processes that countries in 100--people from 150 other countries have to use, when they come into the country.    I would say, Ms. Johnson, do you think, from the Department of State, do you think that the visa interview is an unreasonable bar for an individual who actually has visited a country that is a state sponsor of terrorism?    Mrs. Miller. Thank you.    Mr. Chairman, I know my time is out. If I had more time, I would ask a question about are there any limits to their interpretation to these individuals, and maybe someone could ask--could we have an example of what is the limit of their interpretation of who could have a waiver?