    Mr. Sires. I would really thank you, Mr. Chairman. I am not going to ask Mr. Curbelo questions, because we have been working on this for a while.    But I do want to thank you. You and I have firsthand experience on how devastating some of these catastrophes are, how it impacts life, how it impacts community, how it impacts the economy. And I really want to thank you for taking a strong lead on this. New Jersey got hit hard, Florida has been hit hard. And I just want you to know that I think this is the way to go, you know. Investing in mitigation, especially on a national level, where we can put some real strong codes has always been on my mind for many years.    So I just want to thank you for your hard work, and I look forward to continuing, and am proud to work with you on this legislation. Thank you very much.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Sires. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. You know us. We learn from all these disasters.    Mr. Nimmich, we picked up how to better construct, do better codes, everything else. Why do you think some of these States are so reluctant to do this mitigation codes and reinforcement? Why do you think that is?    Mr. Sires. You know, one of the things that bothers me about New Jersey is the fact that 3 years later we still have people that have not gone back to their homes. And there is plenty of blame to go around, you know.    I think that, in terms of these disasters, you not only have to mitigate it before, but I think there has got to be some sort of post-disaster, where you are ready to come in and watch over some of these guys that are the fraudulent applications and everything else, and not take years before we can come up with the people who are perpetrating a fraud.    And to me, I think you have to be ready right after the disaster. Can you talk to that?    Mr. Sires. You know, I come around--I used to be one of these guys that you have to require certain things. And I come around a lot to providing incentives. Because if the Federal Government is going to give you some money, I think that mitigation codes or storm codes should be part of it.    I look at these disasters in the Midwest. I see these tornadoes, Oklahoma--I am not trying to single out Oklahoma, but it just seems that they get more than anybody else. And I see where schools are even damaged. You know, to me, if the Federal Government is going to give a State money to build a school, you should require a stronger code to build the schools. And I understand that these schools were built before. But, you know, going forward, I think that is something that we should look into, because some of the schools always--they serve as shelters, too, in some of these communities. And I see the damage in some of these schools and some of these homes.    So I think--I am coming around to the idea of incentives, Mr. Chairman, to provide these people so they can build the kind of codes that they need to deal with some of these disasters. Thank you.