    Chairman Chaffetz. Good morning. The Committee on Oversight and Government Reform will come to order, and without objection, the chair is authorized to declare a recess at any time.    We are here today to talk about some alarming problems at our country's premier law enforcement agencies. The latest report from the Department of Justice inspector general outlines a number of problems with the conduct of both law enforcement officers and the agencies that manage them.    That report outlined a number of key problems. First, law enforcement personnel at home and abroad engaged in reprehensible sexual harassment and misconduct that jeopardized our national security.    Second, the agencies they--where they work mishandled their responses to those incidents by failing to properly report them, leading to insufficient punishment.    And, third, the FBI and the DEA tried to hide these incidents from the inspector general by improperly withholding information and encouraging employees not to cooperate with the inspector general.    Hiding information from the inspector general is simply and totally unacceptable. The Department of Justice inspector general report documents a number of highly concerning findings about Federal law enforcement. One of the most shocking incidents Mr. Horowitz described in his report involved DEA agents in Colombia partying with prostitutes paid for by drug cartels. While the DEA agents were spending time with those prostitutes, local Colombian police were watching the agents' guns and property.    The fact that this happened was bad enough, but none of these agents were really even punished by the DEA. Most of the agents involved were suspended for a few days and allowed to return to work with their security clearances in full.    Based on the testimony we have read from the DEA Administrator, she says she doesn't have the power to simply fire these people. I don't buy it. The American public doesn't buy it. And for the thousands of men and women who serve honorably--they're patriotic, they work hard, they put their lives on the line--this administration, this DEA Administrator, has got to hold those people accountable and get them out of there.    If this is the kind of behavior that they're going to engage in, it's totally unacceptable. They should not have a security clearance, and they should be fired.    Some of these agencies compromised our national security and then essentially got a vacation. The punishment for engaging in this type of behavior was 2 to 10 days off paid leave--or nonpaid leave. That sounds like a vacation to me. It doesn't sound like punishment. To suggest that these people couldn't be fired or do something more severe is simply unacceptable.    And, again, I want to remind our members. This is a matter of national security. We're talking about peoples' lives. And the DEA, as much as anybody, puts people overseas in very tough and difficult situations. But when we have bad apples who repeatedly do the same type of behavior, compromise our national security, then they need to lose their national security clearances, and they need to be fired.    The IG report found that this is hardly an isolated incident. The report highlights repeated abuses of sexual misconduct, including unreported cases of ATF training instructors sleeping with their students, using government vehicles to facilitate inappropriate sexual relationships, and managers sexually harassing employees and asking them to watch pornography.    The report also makes clear that when law enforcement agents engage in inappropriate and illicit sexual behavior, the agency they work for oftentimes just simply looks the other way. To use the IG's language, these cases of sexual misconduct are treated as, ``local management issues.'' In other words, they're basically swept under the rug.    Adding to the concerns raised in this report is the fact that the DEA and the FBI tried to hide these incidents from their own inspector general. Both the DEA and the FBI went out of their way to impede and delay the inspector general's report. According to the report, the DEA and the FBI delayed responding to requests for information, provided heavily redacted documents, and even told their employees not to cooperate.    For example, the inspector general asked the DEA to run more than 40 search terms to search their data base and identify relevant information. The three terms, three out of the more than 40 that they ran, included ``sex,'' ``prosti,'' and ``exposure.'' Not included were ``brothel,'' ``escort,'' ``harass,'' ``rape,'' ``solicit,'' and the list goes on. Why exclude? Why exclude the search terms that the inspector general is asking for? It's not the DEA's responsibility to weed that out. Your job is to allow the inspector general to get in there and get his fingernails dirty and go figure out the truth. But that's not what happened.    I want to put up a slide here.    When the DEA finally did provide information after significant delay, in some cases, documents were so heavily redacted the IG couldn't even tell what the documents were about. This is the type of documentation that the inspector general was given by you at the DEA. And we want answers as to why that is. The good men and women who work at the Inspector General's Office do tough, difficult work. But they can't do anything if they get that kind of material from the DEA.    And it's not just the DEA. It's the FBI. It's the other agencies as well. It's not acceptable.    We have a lot of questions for our witnesses who are here today to testify on both behalf of the DEA and the FBI. It's incumbent upon the leadership of these law enforcement agencies to weed out employees who put our security at risk, embarrass the country, and break the law. To the good men and women, the overwhelming majority of men and women, who do their job in a patriotic hard-working way, put their lives on the line, God bless you. We need you. We love you. We care for you.    But it's also irresponsible of management to not deal with the bad apples. People are going to make mistakes. OK? But these weren't simple mistakes. This went on and on and on. Multiple reports of sex parties, of loud parties, to the point that the landlord was actually complaining back to our government about how out of control our own Federal employees were serving overseas.    Again, the people who cause these problems I recognize are a small population--a small percentage of the total population who have not been held accountable for their dangerous lapses in judgment.    I would ask unanimous consent. I would like to enter two documents into the record.    First of all is from our Attorney General Eric Holder on April 10 of this year, a Prohibition on the Solicitation of Prostitution. How bad is it? One of his last acts as the Attorney General, Eric Holder has to actually go forward and issue a memorandum explaining to people that you can't do this. Again. It's almost embarrassing that he has to do this. I appreciate that he did it to clarify if there's some misunderstanding out there. But I'd like to enter that into the record.    Chairman Chaffetz. I also want to enter into the record a document response--this is to the assistant inspector general for evaluations and inspections of the Office of Inspector General to Nina--I'm going to slaughter her last name--Pelletier, I guess.    Chairman Chaffetz. And it's from Michael Dixon, who is the acting deputy chief inspector, Office of Inspection, saying that--I'm going to read this quote here from the very last line: DEA did a second review of the cases the OIG reviewed to determine if the Office of Professional Responsibility had appropriately and thoroughly investigated these allegations. It was found through the review that the investigations were investigated properly through DEA's disciplinary process related misconduct--basically telling the inspector general that, yes, we did everything we could. That it was properly moved--investigated properly through DEA's disciplinary process, and it's a sad day for the DEA.    With that, I will now yield to the gentleman from Maryland, the ranking member, Mr. Cummings, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Without objection, so ordered.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentleman.    We will hold the record open for 5 legislative days for any member who would like to submit a written Statement.    We will now recognize our first and only panel of witnesses.    We are pleased to welcome the honorable Michele Leonhart, Administrator of the Drug Enforcement Agency; the honorable Michael Horowitz, inspector general of the United States Department of Justice; and Mr. Kevin Perkins, Associate Deputy Director of the FBI, the Federal Bureau of Investigation. We welcome all of you and thank you all for being here.    Pursuant to committee rules, all witnesses will be sworn before they testify. If you'll please rise and raise your right hand.    Do you solemnly swear or affirm that the testimony you are about to give will be the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth?    Thank you.    Let the record reflect that all witnesses answered in the affirmative.    In order to allow time for discussion, we would appreciate limiting your testimony to 5 minutes. Your entire written Statement will be made part of the record.    So the DEA Administrator, Ms. Leonhart, we will recognize you first.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you.    I now recognize Mr. Horowitz for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you, Mr. Horowitz.    I will now recognize Mr. Perkins for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you.    I now recognize myself for 5 minutes.    Mr. Perkins, I totally disagree with your assessment that you're being open and transparent and providing access to the inspector general. That is a topic we will continue to discuss today, but I find your comments to be totally inconsistent with what the inspector general is telling us, and we need to hash that out. It's one of the reasons that you're here today. Glad that you're here, but my questions--I want to focus with the DEA here for a moment.    Do you have any questions, Administrator, as to the accuracy of the OIG report? You don't question the accuracy of the report. Do you?    Chairman Chaffetz. So this included allegations and examples of DEA agents participating in so-called sex parties where local police were watching DEA equipment, which included a, ``loud party incident'' involving what one would consider bad judgment for allowing prostitutes and allowing those in close proximity with DEA agents to be actually in these agents room and housing, you wouldn't then have a problem with these--this going away party that was--involved a DEA assistant regional director at his residence. You wouldn't disagree, then, with the assessment that they had multiple accounts of the landlord complaining about the loud parties and whatnot were going on there.    Is it wrong for prostitutes to be in government housing?    Chairman Chaffetz. But is it a violation of policy?    Chairman Chaffetz. Is it wrong to have a foreign national in close proximity to a DEA agent, close to their guns, personal effects, computer, smart phones? Does that pose any sort of security risk?    Chairman Chaffetz. Did you do any investigation as to the age of the women that were involved? Were they just simply there for entertainment?    Chairman Chaffetz. Don't try to paint a picture that this is one incident 10 years ago. There's an incident, for instance, in July 2009, for instance, where the DEA agent in Bogota was accused of physically assaulting a prostitute over a payment dispute. A security guard witnessed this agent throwing a glass and hitting the woman. This agent then claimed that the woman had had a seizure while she was in the bathroom and cut herself on a candlestick, but later admitted that, yes, he had engaged with a prostitute. And you know what the punishment for this person was? Fourteen days unpaid leave. Go on vacation for 2 weeks.    You can sit here and cry a pretty picture about how deplorable it is, but your actions suggest otherwise because there was not the consequence that should have happened. This person is imposing a national security risk, engaging in behavior that is just--it's embarrassing that we have to talk about this. It's an embarrassment that you don't fire that person. It's an embarrassment that you don't revoke his security clearance.    Why can't you revoke their security clearance? What prohibits you from revoking that person's security clearance?    Chairman Chaffetz. You're the administrator.    Chairman Chaffetz. Can you revoke their security clearance?    Chairman Chaffetz. Why can't you?    Chairman Chaffetz. And here's the problem. Here's the concern I have. High profile. It's in all the media. Everybody's reporting about the Secret Service engaging with prostitutes. You all get nervous about it, and those people have some discipline, but when it's quiet and nobody hears about it, and it comes across your desk and your senior staff, can you show me another example where people were engaging in prostitution and creating these national security problems where you revoked their security clearances? That's what I want to see. Because in this case, that's not what happened. That wasn't too long ago. You're not disputing any of the facts that show up in the report. There's nothing that--there's no--is there a statute of limitations? Is there a limit that you can't reach further back? And yet you allow this person who engages a prostitute, throws glass at her, breaks the skin, there's blood all over the place, and they're still employed at the DEA? And you allow that. You're allowing that.    Did you--I mean, did you try to fire them? Did you try to revoke their security clearance? Do we need to change that law? What do we need to do?    Chairman Chaffetz. OK. So my concern is high profile, you take action. When it's not so high profile and there's a woman involved, you don't take action, and that's a concern, but I hear what you're saying.    The last question, because I've exceeded my time. If you are both, the FBI and the DEA, sincere about rooting out this problem and finding solutions, then you need to allow the inspector general to look at the information. Why do you continue to prohibit him from seeing that information? Why do you hold it back? Why not do all 45 search terms? Why did you only do three. So I really got to question your sincerity about getting out and rooting out this problem if you don't even know the extent of the problem. You don't even know the extent of the cases because you won't even allow the inspector general and his staff to actually look at the cases that are there. You're limiting the inspector from doing their job, which is to help you, help us, help them, help the rest of the agency. That's--I need you to both explain that answer to me, and then I'll yield to the ranking member.    Go ahead.    Chairman Chaffetz. Is the model to impede the ability of the inspector general to look at the information?    Chairman Chaffetz. I'm talking about the IG. Why can't the IG look at this?    Chairman Chaffetz. But you went back and investigated them again and still came to the same conclusion, that we would have came to this same conclusion.    My time is far exceeded, but you gave them 2 to 10 days paid leave, you put them on vacation, you didn't take the disciplinary action.    I've got to yield to the gentleman from Maryland.    Oh. We're going to go actually to Ms. Plaskett first. You're now recognized for 5 minutes plus very generous overtime if you need it.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you the gentlewoman.    I now recognize the gentleman from Florida, Mr. Mica, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Will the gentleman yield?    Chairman Chaffetz. And I hate to do this to you. On March--but I just was handed something. March 26 of this year, you, Ms. Leonhart, as the administrator, sent this email out within your agency. And you said these allegations were fully investigated by the DEA Office of Professional Responsibility.    Yield back.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank the gentleman.    I now recognize the ranking member--I'm sorry--Mr. Lynch, the gentleman from Massachusetts, who is the ranking member of the Subcommittee on National Security, now recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank the gentleman.    I now recognize the gentleman from Texas, Mr. Farenthold, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. The gentleman will yield.    Ms. Leonhart, will you agree to allow the inspector general to search all 45 terms? You've limited it to three.    Chairman Chaffetz. Will you allow him full and unfettered access to review these records?    Chairman Chaffetz. Has she allowed you all the access that you want?    Chairman Chaffetz. Did you mean the----    Chairman Chaffetz. I think you meant to say DEA and FBI. Correct?    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you.    I now recognize the ranking member, Mr. Cummings, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Now recognize the gentleman from South Carolina, Mr. Mulvaney, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Now recognize the gentleman from California, Mr. DeSaulnier, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank the gentleman.    Will now recognize the gentleman from South Carolina, Mr. Gowdy, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. If the gentleman will yield?    If somebody murdered somebody, could you fire them?    Chairman Chaffetz. But if they were--could you take aware their security clearance?    Chairman Chaffetz. Gentleman from South Carolina.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank the gentleman both from South Carolina.    I will now recognize the gentleman from California, Mr. Lieu, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank the gentleman.    Now recognize the gentleman from North Carolina, Mr. Walker, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. The gentlewoman's time is expired, but the gentlewoman may answer.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you. Thank the gentlewoman.    I will now recognize the gentleman from Georgia, Mr. Hines, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Before the gentleman yields back, I'd like to give Mr. Horowitz an opportunity to respond to the questions that Mr. Hice was asking earlier, if you could address that directly, Mr. Horowitz.    Chairman Chaffetz. Appreciate it.    We'll now recognize the gentleman from Virginia, Mr. Connolly, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Yes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you.    Now recognize the gentleman from North Carolina, Mr. Meadows, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. If the gentleman would yield.    Chairman Chaffetz. We're asking you to provide the information to the inspector general. Will you or will you not do that?    Chairman Chaffetz. You're the administrator.    Chairman Chaffetz. You're the Administrator. Who do you have to ask? Who do you report to?    Chairman Chaffetz. We're asking you to give them to the inspector general.    Chairman Chaffetz. Does the inspector general want that information?    Chairman Chaffetz. Will the inspector general report back to this committee at his----    Chairman Chaffetz . Earliest convenience about these particular individuals?    And to suggest that the more senior person wasn't directly involved, he was involved. Was he not?    Chairman Chaffetz. Did he properly report up the chain of command?    Chairman Chaffetz. OK. So he was involved in it. He may not have been naked and having sex in his apartment like everybody else was, but he was involved. Correct?    Chairman Chaffetz. That person should be included in the information that you give regarding bonuses and promotions. Now, can we also add into there promotions, title changes? Bonuses, title changes, promotions. Is that fair?    Chairman Chaffetz. Looking for a yes here from the Administrator.    Chairman Chaffetz. Is that a yes or no?    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you.    Gentleman have any other----    Chairman Chaffetz. Did you want to add something, Mr. Horowitz? It looked like you may have wanted to----    Chairman Chaffetz. OK.    We now recognize the gentleman from Wisconsin. He is now recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank the gentleman.    Now recognize the gentleman from Alabama, Mr. Palmer, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank the gentleman.    Now recognize the gentleman from Massachusetts, Mr. Lynch.    Chairman Chaffetz. Without objection, so ordered.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank the gentleman.    I'm going to recognize myself. I do have a series of questions as we wrap up here.    Administrator Leonhart, you became the--you've tried to paint a picture of this as a decade ago. I heard you say multiple times 10 years ago. When did you become the Deputy Administrator?    Chairman Chaffetz. How many deputies are there? Deputy Administrators are there?    Chairman Chaffetz. So you were the sole Deputy Administrator, and then you became the acting administrator, and when was that?    Chairman Chaffetz. And then you were confirmed in 2000----    Chairman Chaffetz. --10. So it's pretty safe to say that you've had your finger on the pulse of this department or this agency for more than a decade. Correct? You've been there 35 years. Correct?    Chairman Chaffetz. One of the things that you said that is troubling in a long list and was brought up by Mr. Lynch, is the idea that--and it was in response to some of the gentlemen over here who asked the question about those that were directly involved. I got to--I want you to seriously consider--I want all the departments and agencies to seriously consider--in my mind, they are directly involved if they fail to report. You may not have been the person who was directly fully engaged in the inappropriate behavior, but once you know about it, you have a responsibility to deal with it under the department policies. Correct?    Chairman Chaffetz. So when you suggest that they weren't directly involved, that offers me great concern. Do you understand that?    Chairman Chaffetz. Part of the abhorrent behavior is covering it up. That's the concern. And that's essentially what it is. It's covering it up by not reporting it up the chain because, as Mr. Horowitz pointed out, the only--the only alternative based on the law enforcement component offense tables in appendix 3 of sexual misconduct and sexual harassment is removal. It's the only one. There's no--there's no ifs, ands or buts. There's no ambiguity. I know there are things that we're going to look at with Title V and whatnot, but removal is the only option.    So let me ask you, Administrator, do you believe that soliciting prostitution is sexual harassment?    Chairman Chaffetz. Explain the difference between sexual misconduct and sexual harassment.    Chairman Chaffetz. So explain to me then exactly what you believe--fully more explain to me what you think sexual harassment is. What would be some examples, and what's sexual harassment?    Chairman Chaffetz. Mr. Horowitz, do you want to weigh in here, the difference between sexual harassment and sexual misconduct?    Chairman Chaffetz. So, within the report, do you believe that those are sexual harassment?    Chairman Chaffetz. So if you're a DEA agent in this case, and you're having sex--commercial sex paid for, you don't believe that that's sexual harassment?    Chairman Chaffetz. Is procuring a prostitute sexual harassment?    Chairman Chaffetz. No harassment.    Chairman Chaffetz. It happened in government housing.    Chairman Chaffetz. So, in the course of the workplace, somebody they're investigating, if they accept--the Federal employee accepts commercial sex, is that sexual harassment?    Chairman Chaffetz. We'll have to further explore this because I think this is--we're getting to the heart of one of the biggest problems here, which is, in your world, which I don't think is the real world, the charge here for the person in Bogota was improper association. Does that sound like the appropriate charge?    Chairman Chaffetz. The Bogota--the DEA agent in Bogota in July 2009 when they engaged--this is the case with the prostitute. They had a payment dispute. He throws a glass at a woman. A security guard sees this happening. There's no doubt about the facts, according to your previous testimony. So that was not sexual harassment?    Chairman Chaffetz. Wow. And under sexual misconduct, do you think that improper association is one of the proper charges? Do you think this person was properly--I guess the word is ``charged?'' Based on that case and everything that you know, this person was suspended without pay for 14 days for conduct unbecoming and improper association. Do you believe that that was the proper charge for that person?    Chairman Chaffetz. I'm asking what you personally believe. What do you believe they should have been charged with, or do you believe that that was the proper conclusion?    Chairman Chaffetz. Any other--your professional opinion, your experience, you worked for the OPR, you've been at the agency for 30-plus years. You've been either the Acting Or the Deputy Or Administrator for more than a decade. Do you believe that this person in Bogota was properly charged, or do you believe that they fell short? What else--if they did fall short, what else do you think they should have been charged with?    Chairman Chaffetz. So what else should they have been charged with?    Chairman Chaffetz. The charge determines the penalty. And when you say that this person engaging with a prostitute, throwing a glass at her, I mean, how many things could we list out that are wrong with that at every step? And improper association is the one that they go with?    Chairman Chaffetz. And it was only 14 days. We even has an eyewitness. Security guard. Worked for the Federal Government.    Do you think any of these cases that we brought before you should be--there should be additional charges?    Chairman Chaffetz. You said you knew all the facts. You just issued a memo on March 26 saying that you had fully investigated this.    Chairman Chaffetz. It says, ``These allegations were fully investigated by DEA Office of Professional Responsibility.'' You sent this out at 5:33 p.m., on March 26, 2015.    Chairman Chaffetz. Mr. Horowitz, do you have a comment on this?    Chairman Chaffetz. To the Administrator, are you--is the DEA part of the intelligence community?    Chairman Chaffetz. Is it governed by the intelligence community directive No. 704?    Chairman Chaffetz. Define that sliver, please.    Chairman Chaffetz. Those that are serving overseas, would they be subject to this?    Chairman Chaffetz. Again, we're getting close to wrapping up. I promise. We're not at half time. We're well past that.    So walk me through security clearances. Who makes the determination who gets the security clearance, and who makes the decision as to whether or not it's revoked and when?    Chairman Chaffetz. What office is that?    Chairman Chaffetz. So what are the standards by which you can have and not have a security clearance? Where is that standard?    Chairman Chaffetz. Contact with a foreign national, allowed or not allowed? Unreported, I should say.    Chairman Chaffetz. Is there a document that determines--that governs what you will and will not give to--for security clearances?    Chairman Chaffetz. But it's just a couple of dudes down in the bowels of the DEA that just make a random decision, or how is the decision made?    Chairman Chaffetz. Sexual misconduct a red flag?    Chairman Chaffetz. Has the Office of Security, have they--have they ever revoked somebody's security clearance for people engaging in prostitution?    Chairman Chaffetz. Right.    Chairman Chaffetz. You're just the Administrator.    Mr. Horowitz, have you looked into the security clearance possibilities?    Chairman Chaffetz. What do you say that about, Ms. Leonhart?    Chairman Chaffetz. When?    Chairman Chaffetz. So you were the Administrator Or the Deputy Administrator or the Acting Administrator for almost 10 years at that point and you had never had that policy in place. It seems like a, well, duh.    Chairman Chaffetz. So were those recommendations made before or after the draft report from the inspector general?    Chairman Chaffetz. That's just unbelievable to me. It just--you know, there are some things you just think--you just think this has to be happening. On the one hand, you've got this problem--I mean, we've listed out the host. This is not one incident. I mean, we're going to have some people do something stupid somewhere. People are going to make mistakes. People are going to get themselves into trouble. I get this. But this is happening with such frequency. To not have that moved up the chain, for you to earlier not--say, Well, they weren't directly involved. You have got to hold everybody accountable to get that thing all the way to the finish line. I just don't understand why you personally don't take a hand in that.    Mr. Horowitz has referenced these made-up categories of offenses. Why did you make those up?    Chairman Chaffetz. So never mind the guidelines. You just--so we just keep doing it like we did 40 years ago. What?    Chairman Chaffetz. The problem though--and, again, we've exhausted this. We're getting to the end--is that this is a problem. You say, you come to--you get called before this committee and say, Oh, it's terrible; it's awful. But you, you personally have been responsible for this for more than a decade, and you didn't do anything about it. You may cry in the mirror. But I'm telling you, you are in a position to do it and you didn't.    And after Cartagena, that should have been a wake-up call, and it took you 2 years to get out a memo, 2 years, as Mr. Meadows brought up. I--I--we have a lot more that we need to go through.    Mr. Horowitz, are there any other outstanding issues that you need help with from the department, the Drug Enforcement Agency?    Chairman Chaffetz. With the FBI?    Chairman Chaffetz. So, Mr. Perkins, why does the FBI think that they're so special and don't have to adhere to the law and don't do what the other agencies are doing within the Department of Justice?    Chairman Chaffetz. Mr. Horowitz.    Chairman Chaffetz. And how long has this been pending at the OLC?    Chairman Chaffetz. Why are you different than the other departments and agencies within the Department of Justice?    Chairman Chaffetz. What are you not willing to share with the inspector general?    Chairman Chaffetz. Explain that people so people can understand.    Chairman Chaffetz. Yes, yes.    Chairman Chaffetz. But you had given that to them previously?    Chairman Chaffetz. No. But it had been a longstanding practice of the FBI to provide the inspector general this material. Correct?    Chairman Chaffetz. You can't speak to the history of the FBI document production? That's why you're here.    Chairman Chaffetz. But that's a change; correct?    What was it before, Mr. Horowitz?    Chairman Chaffetz. And, Mr. Perkins, that's the concern from this committee. And we--we have hundreds of people working for the Inspector General's Office there in the Department of Justice intending to be the fair arbiters who can get in and look under the hood and see and ferret out these problems.    And, quite frankly, this--the reason that the DEA and the FBI are here today is they're the problem children. We've cited several times that ATF and Marshals and others, this is not a problem. It's not an issue. Now, they've got problems in the Department within their agencies, don't get me wrong. They--they've got things they've got to clean up and we're going to work with them on that. But the reason you're sitting here today in the hearing--and I know we were very focused on the DEA--but the two agencies, the FBI as well as the DEA, are impeding the ability to understand and unearth what the problems are.    Chairman Chaffetz. All of them?    Chairman Chaffetz. And this is why--again, we're wrapping up. I got hours of questions on this, but we are going to wrap up here pretty quick.    This act, the inspector general act, authorizes, ``to have access to all records, reports, audits, reviews, documents, papers, recommendations and other--or other material available to the applicable establishment which relate to the programs and operations with respect to which that inspector general has responsibilities under this act.'' It doesn't sound ambiguous. It doesn't sound like there--and there was no change in the law.    It's just, in 2010, after the inspector general was unearthing a lot of very difficult things for the agency, they just decided, ah, we're going to change the rules. We're going to change the rules.    I'm not suggesting, Mr. Perkins, that you personally did that. But the consequence is--the consequence is we have hundreds of people at the Inspector General's Office who can't do their job and you, the FBI, are standing in their way, and the DEA is standing in their way. And we're going to keep yanking you up here time after time after time if we have to.    You know, I am fortunate enough to become the chairman of this committee. The very first hearing we had is on this. And I can promise you, I can promise you we will continue to yank you up here as long as this continues to be a problem.    The act is clear, the inspector general is to have unfettered access to all records, not just the ones you want to choose from. I don't--this idea that an OLC opinion is just pending and it's going on for close to a year is just intolerable. And there's not a prevailing attitude within the FBI or the DEA that believes that the inspector general work is of value to those departments and agencies; otherwise, they would want them to come in and help clear their good name or ferret out problems and work to fix it.    See, in this Nation, we're different. We are self-critical. I can't have this type of hearing in another nation. I probably couldn't go to Colombia and do this type of hearing, but you can in the United States, but it requires good people to allow somebody to come in and check and look under the hood, which is what the inspector general is supposed to do.    We've had a long hearing. I appreciate your patience. We need your help and cooperation moving forward. Again, to the thousands of men and women who serve in these departments and agencies, I cannot thank them enough for putting their lives on the line. My grandfather was a career FBI agent. I care about the agency.    Chairman Chaffetz. OK. I care about law enforcement in this Nation, but we're going to do it the right way. We're going to do it the right way and allowing sexual harassment or misconduct to get a little slap on the wrist with 2 to 14 days paid leave is not acceptable. It wasn't then. It isn't now. And it shouldn't be moving forward.    We're going to look toward other things we can do within law to give future administrators and directors more latitude.    And to the inspector general, I thank you for this report. We wouldn't have known about it without your good work and the good people in your agency within the--and so we thank you.    And this hearing stands adjourned.