    Mr. Sherman. I yield a minute-and-a-half to the gentleman from Virginia.    Mr. Sherman. Thank you.    I want to thank the chairman for holding these hearings. I am a cosponsor of H.R. 1150, the Frank Wolf International Religious Freedom Act; H.R. 4939, the United States-Caribbean Strategic Engagement Act; and the H. Con. Res. 88, the Taiwan Relations and Six Assurances resolution.    I want to focus on Taiwan, as the gentleman from Virginia did as well. I am the lead Democratic cosponsor of this resolution, which affirms the Taiwan Relations Act and the Six Assurances as the cornerstone of United States-Taiwan relations.    The Taiwan Relations Act is critical to the U.S.-Taiwan relationship. On January 1, 1979, when the Carter administration established diplomatic relations with the People's Republic of China, it ended formal ties with the Republic of China on Taiwan. However, the United States Congress acted swiftly to reaffirm the United States-Taiwan relationship with the enactment of the Taiwan Relations Act just 100 days later, ensuring that the United States would maintain a robust and enduring relationship with Taiwan.    Since 1979, we have seen Taiwan develop into a strong democracy. We are in the process of seeing a peaceful and orderly transition of power from one political party to another. Taiwan is an important ally, and we need to do everything possible to make sure that it remains so.    The Six Assurances to Taiwan have been a verbal U.S. pledge since 1982. This bill is important because it solidifies this commitment in legislation for the first time. Three of those Six Assurances are a commitment to continued arm sales to Taiwan, a commitment to not consult with Beijing on U.S.-Taiwan relations, and a commitment to stand by the Taiwan Relations Act, which was passed 3 years before the Six Assurances in 1979 and which Mr. Connolly has already referenced.    This resolution not only affirms that the Taiwan Relations Act and the Six Assurances are the cornerstone of U.S. relations with Taiwan, but it also urges the President and the State Department to affirm the Six Assurances publicly, proactively, and consistently as a cornerstone of United States-Taiwan relations.    Mr. Chairman, I think Congress not only has been doing good work on the U.S.-Taiwan relationship for a long time, the Taiwan Relations Act, which was mentioned by Mr. Connolly, but also just recently our committee. Back in December we passed a resolution saying it was time to transfer the frigates to Taiwan. And 5 days later, they finally transferred the friggin' frigates.    And it was good to join with you in that bill and to join with Mr. Salmon in the bill on Interpol, which was signed into law recently, and which will be causing us to develop a strategy to get Taiwan into Interpol, because after all, who is in favor of the international criminals that Interpol is trying to incarcerate.    So, Mr. Chairman, I yield back.