    Ms. McSally. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Thank you, gentlemen, for your service and your testimony today.    In my time in the military, one of the things that was most concerning as far as threat was the combination of a terrorist organization with weapons of mass destruction .    I serve on Homeland Security. I am the chairwoman of the Subcommittee on Emergency Preparedness, Response, and Communication. We have done some hearings on the threat of chemical and biological terrorism. And if you look at what ISIS has said, you know, they have stated in open source that they want to use these types of weapons and export their terror on us. Obviously, that could potentially be a game changer, not just small-scale physical attacks, but then actually using chemical, biological, radiological, or nuclear capabilities.    And what we have seen with ISIS, as you know, is that they are not just trying to acquire them--and there are reports they have used them on the battlefield--but they try and recruit individuals with the expertise so that they can create those capabilities themselves, not from scratch but just by importing those with the experience.    So I was wondering if you could comment, Mr. Morell, on the WMD threat with ISIS and your concerns about that and what to do about that.    Ms. McSally. Great. Thank you.    I have been extremely critical about the military campaign against ISIS. The caliphate was declared 19 months ago. This so-called air campaign has been going on. I have some good friends that are still at the Pentagon and are involved in it, and they sarcastically call it ``Operation Shade,'' which means they literally have fighters stacked up on top of each other and they are providing mostly shade to those on the ground as opposed to using airpower for all it brings to the fight.    It has been very two-dimensional. It has been very sequential, very reactive, as opposed to using airpower for all it brings to the fight, by identifying those centers of gravity, which you mentioned, and taking them out and unleashing airpower in order to destroy their capabilities. And it has been very much a gradual approach, as you guys noted in your testimony.    When we had the Secretary of Defense and the Chairman here a couple months ago, they stated they had just started talking to the State Department single-digit months ago to look at a comprehensive strategy. They just started looking at the oil infrastructure and figuring out how to hit it, when we know it has been $1 million, minimum, a day.    What is going on here? I mean, we know from, again, our intelligence understanding it is not that difficult to figure out where their resources are coming from and go after them using airpower.    And I just would like definitely, Dr. Vickers, and really any of your comments on what needs to change from the military strategy, because we do need to destroy their capabilities. There is a political solution, obviously, but we have to destroy their capabilities.    Ms. McSally. Great. Thanks.    And my time has expired, so if you need to elaborate, maybe when another question comes up. Thank you.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    The Chairman. Mr. Moulton.