    Mr. Wilson. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And thank each of you for being here today.    I just really have been impressed, Ms. Wormuth, your comments.    And, Admiral, I am just grateful that I have a son who is currently serving in the Navy, and I have got three in the Army.    And my visits, General, to the DMZ , again, such extraordinary people that you serve with, and making such a difference, indeed, for the Republic of Korea and their protection. And that is why, as I am thinking about the cyber offensive of North Korea, General, how is that being countered, and, with the efforts that they have made to disrupt the banks of South Korea and other activities? How is this being addressed?    General Scaparrotti. Well, sir, I think, first of all, we are working very closely with our allies as a multinational community in this regard. And we have a very good cyber capability in the United States that is growing as well. This is a domain that we don't necessarily have superiority in. I think there is a lot--there is a lot of simultaneity out there in this domain.    So we are working very hard. I think we stayed ahead of it well, but it will take that kind of effort and resourcing in order to continue to develop our capability. That is about what I would say here. It is difficult to get into that much without, you know, in an open hearing.    Mr. Wilson. Well, again, we just appreciate your efforts so much.    Additionally, Ms. Wormuth, I am really grateful to be the chairman of the Emerging Threats and Capabilities Subcommittee. The unconventional warfare tactics are a great concern to the entire committee and to myself.    Could you please characterize your assessment of the unconventional strategy and tactics being used by China and the challenge these pose to the DOD's ability to counter them?    Mr. Wilson. And certainly that is to me such a tragedy, the invasion of Ukraine by the Russian Federation. I know that I had just so hoped for a modern European-inclined Russian Federation and that doesn't seem to be developing.    Additionally, I am very concerned about North Korea's nuclear weapons policy. And, Ms. Wormuth, what does North Korea, the regime, what is their, what do you see as their capability of enhancing nuclear weapons delivery capabilities?