    Mr. Wolf. Thank you, Chairmen Hurd and Ratcliffe, Members Kelly and Richmond. My colleague from the State Department described well the background and purposes of the Wassenaar Arrangement. The U.S. Department of State leads the U.S. delegation to the Wassenaar Arrangement. But it is my agency, the Commerce Department's Bureau of Industry and Security, which is responsible for developing and administering the set of regulations, the Export Administration regulations that would implement the multilateral agreements that were just described. And in this case, the Wassenaar Arrangement for us pertains to dual-use items and some military items on the Wassenaar list.    Other agencies, primarily the Department of Defense, participates in developing proposed changes to these lists, proposed controls to submit to the Wassenaar and other arrangements, deciding which ones to agree upon, and then review the regulations that we would implement to implement the agreement. And then Congress also has technical advisory committees that work with us on reviewing the proposed changes and proposals to be submitted to the various regimes.    In December of 2013, the Wassenaar Arrangement approved new export controls on command and delivery platforms for intrusion software and related technology. Specifically, the entries in category 4 dealing with computers of the dual-use control list would control non-publicly available software that generates, operates, delivers, or communicates with intrusion software. And an intrusion software was defined as software designed to covertly gain access to a computer or other network device and, once inside, to extract or modify data or modify an execution path of the device to allow the execution of externally provided instructions.    Related hardware and technology entries would control systems and equipment for generating, operating, delivering, or communicating with this intrusion software. And then, also, technology for developing the intrusion software was controlled as well.    The original proposal for these controls came from another Wassenaar member in 2012. And the examples of the types of commercial hacking software intended to be captured by the control included those offered by Hacking Team from Italy, Gamma/Fin-Fisher from Germany, and Vupen in France.    The controls were novel in that they were the first foray by a multilateral regime into the area of offensive cyber tools. The agreed-upon entries covering software intentionally excluded intrusion software itself from control, that is, certain kinds of malware, because of a general understanding that everyone with a mobile device might have such software unwittingly on their device and didn't want to expose them to perpetual liability. In beginning, however, the process at Commerce of drafting the regulation to implement the control, we grew concerned that despite several exclusions set forth in the definition of intrusion software, the scope of the controls, particularly the developmental technology controls, might be far broader in scope than originally understood by Commerce and its advisory committees.    We particularly became concerned that the category 4 technology control list entry in the draft regulation technology for the development of intrusion software could inadvertently significantly harm both U.S. Government and U.S. private sector cybersecurity programs and efforts if implemented.    So in order to not take action that would inadvertently harm our Nation's ability to engage in critical cyber defense and related research work, we decided, in May of 2015, to take the unprecedented step of publishing these Wassenaar control list entries as a proposed rule with a request for private sector comments, rather than our usual step of publishing it as a final rule.    Our hope was that the private sector comments would give us a better sense for whether the rule would have unintended impacts on our cyber defense and cyber research ecosystems. All dual-use controls have consequences and impose cost on the private sector. That's the nature of controls. But this one was different because the impact would not just be on the economic bottom line of a company, but on our Government's and our Nation's ability to share efficiently and quickly the types of technology necessary to conduct cyber defense and related research.    Also, immediately following the publication of the proposed rule, we received questions from U.S. private sector and others in the U.S. Government about the intended scope of the controls. And in order to make sure that we addressed all of their concerns, we published a series of FAQs. As will be described later by our industry panelists and as is described in more detail in my testimony, we received over 260 comments, generally, all of them negative, describing several concerns that you've all summarized well in your opening statements.    I want to make clear that the administration has not made any decisions regarding what the next step will be other than that the next step will not be a final rule. We're continuing to review the comments. We're continuing to work with our colleagues in government and industry with expertise in equities and cyber defense and related research. We welcome all views and all information, which is why we thank you for this hearing and whatever input or suggestions or advice that you have for us. So thank you very much.    Mr. Wolf. Sure. Before agreeing to or submitting a proposal to Wassenaar or any of the other regimes, we share it with one of six technical advisory committees that are all volunteers, industry participants, experts in the area. And the original idea was shared with the relevant groups, and they didn't have any objection on the thought that----    Mr. Wolf. Well, by the time we received the comments, no. At the time we agreed to the control, it would have, because the original understanding was that it was a quite narrow, specific, a very small number of products that would be affected. And as we began to learn more and engage in the very industry output that is being discussed here, we began to get more and more concerned of unintended consequences, and that's why I said I think this is the first time we, Commerce, have actually pulled out from the implementation rule for a regime rule. And instead of gambling and potentially getting it wrong, went out to industry to confirm if our suspicions were correct, or maybe we were being too concerned, and then the comments came in.    And that was actually part of the plan, was to see if we made a mistake, needed to do something differently at whatever level. So in a way, the process is actually working exactly as intended.    Mr. Wolf. Sure. I would cite the fact that--as I just said, we pulled out of the implementation rule this specific topic only, and instead of just implementing it, shooting first and asking questions later, as was referred to earlier, asking for industry input before deciding.    This is also highlighted the complexity of this topic in general, and we're always looking for new volunteers and participants with different areas of expertise to join our technical advisory committee. It's a volunteer organization. And so absolutely, on a going-forward basis, I plan to have more experts in this to help us review this, and to the extent this type of issue comes up in the future.    In the short term, in the meantime, we have this particular issue. And, you know, with the great benefit of our colleagues from other parts of the U.S. Government and other industry participants and the actual comments that have come in, the goal is to think through all the various options and ways to address all the various concerns that were described today to achieve the objectives, but without the harm. So the short answer to your question is yes.    Mr. Wolf. Yes, ma'am.    Mr. Wolf. No, I would like to concur. This is--all agreements with Wassenaar are as a result of consensus of the Departments of Commerce, State, and Defense. And so it wasn't just State, you know, unilaterally agreeing to it. It was the consensus of the departments participating.    And as I said, we had doubts about it later, but at the time, it was a consensus decision of the administration.    Mr. Wolf. Through the technical advisory committee process, yes, not through a proposed rule, which would have more broader industry----    Mr. Wolf. No, it really wouldn't be State's process to do that. That's really the role of the Commerce Department to use its advisory committees to get industry input and then feed that out to the other departments.    Mr. Wolf. Absolutely.    Mr. Wolf. Well, a couple--absolutely. And a couple of things. Unlike any other country, the U.S. Government went out and asked for industry comment through a proposed rule. No other government did that. We have had multiple open, public sessions with these attendees and many, many other countries to overtly, deliberately, aggressively ask their views and expertise. That process is going to continue over the course of 2016----    Mr. Wolf. That is correct, as part of the Wassenaar discussions.    Mr. Wolf. Well, it involves physical things, commodities, both do or use and military, but it also involves software for those things and technology for those things.    Mr. Wolf. Yes.    Mr. Wolf. Correct.    Mr. Wolf. Well, normally, not. Normally with Wassenaar, we rely----    Mr. Wolf. Oh, yes, absolutely.    Mr. Wolf. Okay.    Mr. Wolf. At the time of the administration's agreement with the proposed rule, or the control within Wassenaar, our understanding and the understanding of our industry advisory groups was that the scope of the control was quite narrow and only would affect a very small number of products.    So there was no need to do that, or something along those lines. It was only after the fact, as we began to learn more and see how other people read exactly the same words that we had read in 2013, that you can come to other very reasonable conclusions about the broad--the breadth and the scope and the impact of the control.    Mr. Wolf. Yes.    Mr. Wolf. No. But these are exactly points that--I guess, yes. These are exactly the points that were raised in overwhelmingly in the comments, which is why we're here and why we are continuing through the interagency process to try to come up with a solution to address that very concern.    Mr. Wolf. Absolutely. We're always looking for new volunteers.    Mr. Wolf. We do. We did then, and we have more now.    Mr. Wolf. Absolutely, whether it's as a tact member or just a member of the public, both.    Mr. Wolf. Well, we'll continue discussing among the agencies, bring in not just the usual export control people, but those were expertise----    Mr. Wolf. Well, anything--everything is on the table, whether to go back to Wassenaar, another proposed rule with edits and clarifications or interpretations or carve out or exceptions.    Mr. Wolf. Well, ultimately, it depends upon the consensus of the agencies involved in the process, Commerce, State, and Defense. And then as the one responsible for the rule, I have the final say in terms of signing the rule out. And so the goal, over however many weeks or months we have to work on this, is to see if we can address all of the very legitimate concerns that have been raised today, and then the comments that you all have raised to come up with something that----    Mr. Wolf. Well, the topic is of general discussion, but there isn't anything specific on the table to be able to respond to, no.    Mr. Wolf. Perhaps. I don't know what some other country might bring up, but it's not something that we have right now under discussion.    Mr. Wolf. Yes.