    Admiral Fagan. Good morning, Chairman Hunter, thank you. Chairman McSally, Ranking Member Garamendi, Ranking Member Vela, and distinguished members of the subcommittees, it is my pleasure to be here today to discuss the Coast Guard's efforts in preventing smuggling in U.S. ports. I thank you for your strong support of the Coast Guard and our men and women in uniform. It is a pleasure to be here alongside my Department of Homeland Security colleagues, Assistant Commissioner Owen, Director Brasure, as well as our Department of Energy partner, Deputy Administrator Harrington.    My complete statement has been provided to the subcommittee and I ask that it be entered into the record.    By leveraging our expansive legal authorities, offshore maritime presence, and utilizing a layered approach to maritime border security, the Coast Guard pushes maritime border security and enforcement out well beyond the Nation's shoreline and exclusive economic zones. As a member of the intelligence community, and through strategic relationships with our interagency and international partners, we detect, deter, and counter threats as early and as far from the U.S. shores as possible.    The persistent threats that we face include illegal migration, human trafficking, illicit flow of drugs, and smuggling of weapons of mass destruction. My testimony today will focus on the layered Coast Guard efforts to prevent smuggling of nuclear devices into U.S. ports. However, many of the initiatives, programs, and capabilities I will highlight enable the Coast Guard to prevent and respond to a multitude of threats we face.    The Coast Guard's efforts to prevent smuggling of nuclear devices into U.S. ports and shores begins overseas. By leveraging international partnerships, as well as the International Port Security Program, the Coast Guard performs in-country port security assessments to determine the effectiveness of security and antiterrorism measures of our foreign training partners.    Since the program's inception in 2004, we have visited 150 countries and evaluated 1,200 port facilities. The Coast Guard maintains more than 40 maritime bilateral law enforcement agreements and 11 bilateral proliferation security initiative ship-boarding engagements. These agreements facilitate international cooperation and allow Coast Guard teams to board and search vessels at sea suspected of carrying illicit shipments of weapons of mass destruction, their delivery systems, or related materials.    The Coast Guard's membership within the intelligence community provides global situation awareness, analysis, interagency collaboration, opportunities with various counterterrorism components, including the Central Intelligence Agency, National Counterterrorism Center, and the Federal Bureau of Investigation. Direct, timely intelligence is a key enabler across a broad spectrum of threats.    Cargo crosses the ocean and nears our shores. Coast Guard personnel located with the Customs and Border Protection National Targeting Center screens ship, crew, and passenger information. In 2015 there were over 121,000 notice-of-arrivals and 32 million crew and passenger records screened by this team.    As ships arrive in American waters, our authorities through the Maritime Transportation Security Act provide a robust regime of security plan approval and compliance inspections for both maritime facilities and vessels.    Area Maritime Security Committees provide a recurring forum for key agencies and partners to address risks at each port. Through these committees we have training programs that focus on preventing and responding to transportation security incidents, and these are regularly exercised in the ports. And, for example, since 2003 the Coast Guard has partaken or participated in over two dozen dirty bomb scenarios through this exercise program.    Focusing specifically on the nuclear threat, in 2004 the Coast Guard developed and implemented a Servicewide Maritime Radiation Detection Program, partnering with the Domestic Nuclear Detection Office. We use their standards in all of our ships, and boarding officers are equipped with detection devices.    Providing significant and unique maritime response capabilities, the Coast Guard's Maritime Security Response Teams are able to detect and identify nuclear and radiological material and protect personnel in both routine and hostile situations. Should the country face a--knowledge of a radiological or nuclear device being suspected of smuggling, we would use the interagency maritime operational threat response protocols to bring in interagency coordination together to ensure an appropriate Government response.    The Coast Guard's response to a nuclear detonation in the maritime domain would be part of a larger interagency effort to bring the most appropriate national resources and capabilities to bear. We focus on the safety of American lives and the swift restoration of commerce. Our unique maritime authorities, jurisdiction, and capabilities ensure the Coast Guard can provide security, command-and-control, transportation, and support to other agencies that need to operate in the maritime today.    For over two centuries the U.S. Coast Guard has safeguarded our Nation's maritime interests. A nuclear threat response scenario would require a whole-of-government coordinated interagency effort. The Coast Guard's layered security strategy, day-to-day operations, and coordination across the Government ensure that we are well-positioned to address the broad range of offshore and coastal threats.    I have only touched on a few of these layers in my opening comments, and I look forward to discussing these and other vital work the men and women of the Coast Guard do every day during your questions.    Thank you for the opportunity to appear before you today, and thank you for your continued support of the United States Coast Guard. Thank you.    Admiral Fagan. Thank you. As you know, the Coast Guard participates in this mission from a layered approach. And as you go from the overseas international arena into the offshore, the approach is in the transit zone, and you know we are engaged in a major recapitalization of some of our aging cutter fleet designed to deploy exactly into those approaches in the--thinking specifically of the offshore patrol----    Admiral Fagan. We are doing everything that we can within the mission zone with the resources that we have today.    Admiral Fagan. We have adequate funding to carry out the task----    Admiral Fagan . As Coast Guard.    Admiral Fagan. The--as I mentioned in my opening comments, the--one of the programs the Coast Guard operates is the International Port Security Liaison Officer Program, where we have visited 150 countries and 1,200 ports, and have generally found quite good compliance as we have made those visits. There have been a small number of ports that have not adequately met that international standard, and we have protocols in for identifying those countries and increasing the scrutiny, the inspection, and the screening regime for ships that would have called from those particular ports.    But generally, compliance is generally good with a few small exceptions.    Admiral Fagan. I will get you the specifics on which countries and what numbers of ship arrivals we experienced from those countries. This is part of the advance notice of arrival screening process. The last five ports of call we look at crew, you know, passengers, containers, part of the National Targeting Center--the Customs and Border Protection mentioned we have a Coast Guard contingent over there. It becomes part of a seamless screening process, looking at the risk profile of a vessel before it comes to the United States, and decisions are made as to whether that vessel needs to be boarded offshore, allowed in port. Again, looking at the totality of the risk profile.    I can get you specifics on what number of ship calls we have had, particularly from the countries that have had a port that is problematic from a compliance----    Admiral Fagan. No, the program is quite mature and is working quite well, and I am very comfortable with the interagency coordination and communication that occurs as that vessel approaches the United States, and that there will not be a--sort of no surprise when a ship actually arrives then in the U.S. waters with regard to what the potential risk profile--be it from a last port of call that may have had a compliance issue.    Admiral Fagan. Thank you. As you know, the small-vessel threat is exceedingly complex, and there is no one single agency that can, you know, counter the threat from small vessels and, you know, constant vigilance is a--is an important element in the small-vessel threat realm.    Within the ports--and I can speak specifically from my time as the captain of the port in New York--there are a number of, you know, coordinating and communicating mechanisms through the Area Maritime Security Committee and others that help bring the other entities together to look at and understand what the risk and the threat streams may be.    I am confident that within the law enforcement and the intelligence information flow into those coordinating communicating mechanisms, that we have got a whole-of-government, including Federal, State, and local partner, look at this threat stream, as well as others that may confront a port community in the United States.    Admiral Fagan. Yes. So the Coast Guard coordination--you know, we have talked about at the international level, I will talk very specifically now at the port level. And again, to my personal experience in the Port of New York, there were over 200 agencies that we were regularly coordinating and communicating with. There are daily phone calls with some of the key law enforcement partners and agencies to get at and share information exactly on threat streams, small vessels or otherwise.    That level of information and collaboration and coordination has never been better. There are other--you know, whether AIS and other technical means that then also allow insights into the number of vessels that are out there, and where that threat stream may be. Intelligence and law enforcement information really become powerful enablers as we look to counter threats from small vessels.    Admiral Fagan. So if it is a large commercial vessel, we have talked about the screening, the advance notice screening. The infraction could be denial of entry into the United States of the vessel. The captain of the port has a broad range of authorities and responsibilities, and would be well within that individual's authority to prevent a vessel from entering, to hold a vessel in port requiring certain safety and security and environmental compliance regulations be met before that vessel moves, all the way down to--and in the small recreational vessel community it could be a violation for failure to carry lifejackets. It runs the full breadth of safety, security, environmental, and the sort of follow-on actions are commensurate with what----    Admiral Fagan. I do not have it, but I can get that for you----    Admiral Fagan . Exactly what, you know, the number of large-vessel boardings, the small-vessel--what we call a 4100 boarding, how many of those are occurring each day. And I will provide you a more detailed breakdown.    Admiral Fagan. So the outcome of those port visits and port assessments factor into our risk-based screening, as we determine what the risk portfolio around a large commercial--presenting to the United States from a passenger and cargo and crew standpoint, and that is then factored in to, you know, the decisions on whether you are going to do boarding offshore at the anchorage, or into the port.    In cases where there is a particular concern, say, with a crewmember that you are concerned may get off the ship, there are then, you know, additional security measures that are coordinated, you know, through the Coast Guard and the captain of the port authorities. I am not sure how much is publicly shared in the unclassified realm, but I do know it is very fundamental to our valuation of risk associated with a ship because of having called at one of those----    Admiral Fagan . A port that might not----