    Mr. Deutch. Thank you, Madam Chairman. I hope you feel better.    And thank you, Assistant Administrator Alexander and Assistant Secretary Patterson, for being here today. It is a pleasure to welcome you back to the subcommittee. We look forward to a positive discussion about the region.    I want to take a moment, again, to thank the hard-working USAID and State Department employees and Foreign Service Officers who work in dangerous and difficult places to help those in need and promote American values around the world. Their work too often goes unnoticed and underappreciated, and I just wanted to take a moment today to highlight what they do and to thank them for it.    It is no doubt that some of our greatest foreign policy challenges are in the Middle East and North Africa. New threats have emerged that endanger the security of the United States, our regional interests, and our regional partners. This year's State Department budget request for the region is $7.3 billion, a 9-percent increase from what we spent in 2015. Of the $6.1 billion requested in global humanitarian aid, $2 billion is to address the humanitarian crisis in Syria.    For over 5 years, the region has been struggling to deal with the effects of the war in Syria. The devastating humanitarian crisis will certainly have implications not just this coming year, but for years to come and for decades to come.    I have repeatedly expressed my deep frustration over the international response to the humanitarian crisis in Syria, but I would like to applaud the administration for the contribution that it has made to address this crisis, the largest from any donor country to date.    But, as the crisis continues to drag on, we must look for sustainable ways to support those displaced by war. Efforts to shore up host countries like Lebanon and Jordan must focus on increasing capacity of schools and healthcare centers, finding work that will allow refugees to contribute to the communities that are hosting them. I was pleased to see the conclusion last spring of the new MOU with our ally Jordan that will help to strengthen one of our best partners in the fight against ISIS.    We all know that the only end to this crisis will come through a political solution. Speaking yesterday, Ambassador Power said there is, and I quote, ``an inextricable linkage between the political transition negotiations--which, of course, urgently have to take place--the deterioration in humanitarian access, and the escalation of violence on the ground, which is having a very negative bearing on the cessation of hostilities, which had reduced violence substantially.'' There is so much that we have to be engaged in at so many levels in Syria.    In addition to Syria, the humanitarian situation in Yemen continues to worsen. As political talks stall, the needs of those on the ground are increasing, and the U.S. and other donor countries must be able to respond accordingly.    In Tunisia, we look for ways to bolster the country's economy and nascent democracy while stabilizing the security situation. The Tunisian Government has thus far responded well to the number of deadly attacks over the past year, and we have seen positive results from our efforts to help Tunisian security forces professionalize in these difficult circumstances.    However, it is troubling that the largest contingent of foreign fighters to ISIS are Tunisian, and the entrance of ISIS to Libya will continue to pose a threat to the region, and especially to Tunisia.    The security situation in Libya is tenuous. Just last week, U.S. General David Rodriguez, the outgoing Commander of AFRICOM, said that the number of ISIS fighters in Libya has doubled in the past year. That is why it is more important than ever that Libya move forward with implementing a unity government. A strong central government backed by Libyan security forces is the only way to keep ISIS at bay.    Combating ISIS in North Africa will require strong cooperation across the Maghreb. Morocco and Algeria must play a significant role in intelligence-sharing, both with its neighbors as well as with the U.S. and Europe, to track foreign fighters and terrorist cells. As we work to combat extremism, we appreciate the cooperation between Egypt and Israel in the Sinai and Egypt's efforts to control the flow of dangerous materials in and out of Gaza and destroy Hamas' terror tunnels.    But, however strong and necessary our security cooperation and coordination is, we must also prioritize human rights. Human rights must always be a part of the conversation, even when difficult. And I am troubled by continued reports of mass sentencing, restrictions on civil society, and most recently, the potential reopening of the NGO case that saw 43 NGO workers arrested and convicted, including several Americans.    We have also deepened our coordination with our GCC partners to confront mutual security threats, including Iranian aggression. These countries must also be committed to countering violent Islamic extremism and speaking out against the radicalism and terrorism. We must always be sure that nothing we do in the region threatens Israel's qualitative military edge. Israel remains under constant threat from Palestinian terror attacks, Hamas rockets, Hezbollah advanced weaponry, and ballistic missiles launched from Iran emblazoned with the words, ``Israel must be wiped off the earth.'' I would urge the administration to ramp up its efforts to conclude a new Memorandum of Understanding that will ensure that Israel has what she needs to defend herself for years to come.    As we continue to work toward the goal of two states for two peoples, I would hope that the administration will work to prevent any attempts to circumvent the direct negotiation process, which is the only way that peace can be achieved. Our efforts would be better served urging President Abbas to build up state institutions, to reform his economy, to commit to transparency and accountability, and to return to the negotiating table.    With respect to Iran, I cannot urge the administration enough to fulfill its promises to crack down on Iran's myriad of bad behavior, including the repeated missile tests in blatant disregard of international law, its egregious human rights violations, and its continued support for terrorism. The U.S. Navy last week intercepted a shipment of Iranian weapons bound for Yemen, and this continued bellicosity is unacceptable. No agreement precludes this country from sanctioning every person, every entity, and every sector involved in these dangerous activities. The Nuclear Agreement, as we all know, was meant to apply only to nuclear activities and the nuclear program. International law and U.S. law permits, and I think requires us, to take strong action to stop and to combat Iran's bad behavior in these other areas.    And I would also be remiss if, Secretary Patterson--if, Madam Chairman, you will just grant me an extra 30 seconds--I would be remiss if I didn't once again implore the administration to continue to working to bring home my constituent Robert Levinson. Just days before the ninth anniversary of Bob's disappearance last month, I had the honor of joining Bob's wife Christine and the Levinson children at a rally in Bob's hometown of Coral Springs in south Florida. No family deserves to go through what the Levinsons are going through, being away from their husband, their father, and grandfather, with no answers for 9 years. And I know that Secretary Kerry continues to push for Bob's return, but I would ask that this be the highest priority in every single discussion with the Iranians.    There is no substitute for robust American engagement and leadership in this challenging region as a whole, and I look forward to hearing how the President's budget request will help fulfill that goal and protect the security of this country and of our friends and allies in the Middle East and North Africa.    Thank you, Madam Chairman. I yield back.    Mr. Deutch. Thanks very much, Madam Chairman.    Ambassador Patterson, there were a lot of stories in the media over the past couple of weeks that Congress was not in session about the administration's plans with respect to Iran, stories about giving Iran direct access to dollars or to the U.S. financial system as part of sanctions relief, the rules about indirect use of dollars from transactions with Iran as long as they didn't go through U.S. banks.    Obviously, there are real concerns that many of us on this subcommittee share about looking for ways to provide access to the U.S. financial system that is not permitted, nor should it be permitted, since it is not part of the Iran deal, or access to the dollar. So, understanding that much of this falls under the purview of your colleagues at Treasury, can you tell us anything to help clarify some of these reports, help us understand what it is we have been reading?    Mr. Deutch. Just a couple of followups. The confusion in the financial press, has the administration--I understand what Secretary Lu has said. At a lower level has there been an engagement with that financial press to help clarify, if there were mistakes made, to help them understand, so that they could write about those as well?    Mr. Deutch. Just before moving on, I would just point out, when we talk about Iran having lived up to its obligations under the nuclear deal, without engaging in a longer back-and-forth about this, the Security Council resolution which does lay out the obligations of Iran under the nuclear deal also includes the prohibition on ballistic missile tests. And for those of us who have real concerns about their ability to continue to test ballistic missiles and to develop ballistic missile programs, the fact that there have now been multiple tests, which clearly violate that Security Council resolution, I am appreciative of the administration's position of the sanctions that have been imposed, of the strong statements by Ambassador Power at the United Nations. I, also, though, would take this moment to suggest that, if the Security Council, despite our best efforts, will not take action in response to these violations of the Security Council resolutions, then the ballistic missile tests, which were not part of the nuclear deal, as you explained, there needs to be more done to penalize Iran. And if the international community won't do it, then the United States Congress I think has an obligation to do that, something that I know we are looking at, and I think it is important for us to move forward on.    Just quickly--I see I don't have a lot of time--we are over 5 years now. The London Donor Conference took place February 4th. The State Department announced over $925 million in additional assistance with more than $600 million going to lifesaving humanitarian assistance and over $300 million in development assistance, including $290 million for education, Jordan and Lebanon. And the budget request continues our tradition of robust humanitarian assistance.    But, Ambassador Patterson, given the unfulfilled pledges of past years, what do we do to work to ensure that the money that is pledged by others is actually received, that they actually live up to that commitment?    Mr. Deutch. And just one very quick question, Madam Chairman. And I am sure this is a question that my staff and others on the committee could easily answer, if I had asked them, but I didn't.    Can you help those of us who--we are all so concerned about the situation in Syria and the slaughter of Syrian civilians by the Assad regime with the support of Hezbollah. The number of people killed went up in reports from month to month as reviews were conducted. The last official report, the number was 200,000, 250,000. There are some who now suggest the number is closer to a \1/2\ million people. I have heard 350,000. Do we have a sense of what the number is? Because the fact that we are now well into the hundreds of thousands can't let us just accept that the number is so big that 200,000, 400,000--we know that Assad is terrible. We know that there is a slaughter. We know that the humanitarian impact has been so dire. It is important to recognize every one of the people, every one of his own citizens that Assad has butchered. Do we have a current number?    Mr. Deutch. Thank you very much. Thank you, Madam Chairman.