    Ms. Schakowsky. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. This is a little bit of dj vu for me, my career, it seems, started, I didn't know it then, started in the grocery store 45 years ago when a small group of housewives wanted to know how old our food was. Because everything was code dated. And we did, like detectives, cracked some of the codes and found things in the grocery store that were days, weeks, months, and years beyond the date. We didn't question the dates. And now everybody looks at the dates. I like to look at, stand in the dairy section and watch people check those milk dates, which they do.    We want to encourage people to look at the calories. Whether or not my colleague from Illinois does, maybe he should. And maybe we all should. And I want to suggest in terms of pizza, if there were a board that said on a slice of pizza, this is how much sausage adds to that slice, this is how much pepperoni adds to that slice, I can figure out, at least relatively, whether I get a sausage pizza or a pepperoni pizza or if there is a difference at all. Or if I get mushrooms or whatever, I could see that. This is not hard. And, I'm sorry, it is not hard to list the additions that you have on a pizza so that I could check and see which is the better choice if I am watching calories.    There may be a gender difference here too. I don't know a woman who doesn't look at the calories on food that we are buying. And we all should. In terms of the grocery stores, many serve as catering operations also. Why on a catering menu, would it be harder to list what the calories are on those things? I would make decisions, I do get catering things from my grocery store. I would like to know that. What is the difference between, if there is one, a ham sandwich or a turkey sandwich and that kind of thing when I am having a party.    The cost of obesity is, just for the healthcare cost is projected to be $344 billion by 2018. So even if you don't care about diabetes and all the other related things to obesity, we ought to be caring about the cost of, you know, what it costs us, what it costs our healthcare systems to treat obesity. And that, I think, would be one of the most important pieces of information.    So I don't quite understand the problem here. I did want to ask, who is pizza, Ms. Liddle--yes, why is this not a simple idea? And the FDA actually suggested it.    Ms. Schakowsky. Wait, excuse me, I am sorry, you have got price and you got calories, these arguments are just silly to me.    Ms. Schakowsky. No, no, no. I wasn't saying that about the grocery store. Now, if you go to the grocery store, lucky us, you see that date, expiration date, use by date, whatever, on the product. And, believe me, people want it.    Ms. Schakowsky. Online?    Ms. Schakowsky. I care about young people too. But I am telling you--of course, juvenile diabetes and juvenile obesity is a problem. But it is certainly more than just young people. I wondered if you wanted to comment, Dr. Wootan?    Ms. Schakowsky. Let me also say when I order pizza, there is also a menu usually attached to it so I can do it, you know, by phone or online again. Why not on that menu just list that?    Ms. Schakowsky. No, no, no. When I get the pizza, there is usually a paper menu attached to it. Why couldn't it be on that, on a carry-out menu?