    Mr. Goodlatte. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank you for holding this hearing and for the work that you have dedicated to this issue for the last 2 years.    I want to thank all of our witnesses for being here today. I think you all have compelling testimony, but I especially want to thank Mr. Steinle, who I just had the opportunity to meet. I told him that the fact that he would come here 3 weeks after the tragic death of his daughter to me shows courage and determination to make sure that other lives are saved as a result of this. So you have my deepest sympathy, but also my deepest appreciation and admiration for coming here today. I also told Mr. Steinle that my son lives in San Francisco. I have been on that very pier with my son and my daughter, and we want to make sure that everybody is safe.    Last week, this Committee held a Department of Homeland Security oversight hearing with Secretary Johnson as the sole witness. Many Members focused their questions on sanctuary cities, Immigration and Customs Enforcement detainers, and criminal aliens. So we have heard much of what the Administration has to say about these issues. But today we will hear perspectives on sanctuary policies that are distinctly different than what Secretary Johnson had to offer, and I look forward to that testimony.    I am honored to have the family of Kate Steinle here and Mr. Steinle testifying. And, of course, their perspective on this issue is one that we wish they never had to contemplate. And the same is true for the countless other victims of criminal aliens that this Committee has heard from the past several years, people like Jamiel and Anita Shaw, whose son was murdered by a criminal alien gang member who has been released from jail by Los Angeles law enforcement pursuant to Los Angeles sanctuary policy. And people like Sabine Durden, whose son, Dominic, was killed in a car accident by an illegal immigrant who had two prior DUI convictions. Ms. Durden is here with us this morning, and I thank you very much for being here today as well.    These tragedies were preventable. This Administration must reverse its wholesale and unprecedented shutdown of immigration enforcement. Because the result of that shutdown is that millions of unlawful and criminal aliens are not considered high enough priorities for deportation, they are left in American communities. In fact, in the last year, the number of administrative arrests of criminal aliens has fallen by a third, and the Department continues to release thousands of such aliens onto our streets. ICE admitted to releasing 30,558 aliens with criminal convictions in 2014.    Last week we publicized ICE data showing the recidivist activity of those criminal aliens ICE released in 2014. Already 1,423 have been convicted of new crimes like vehicular homicide, domestic violence, sexual assault, DUI, burglary, and assault, among many others. And no doubt, even more have been arrested for, and charged with, additional crimes.    Secretary Johnson's solution, the Priorities Enforcement Program, is a failure. Even the Secretary admitted last week that five of ICE's Priority A, meaning the worst offending jurisdictions, have refused to participate in PEP. And while 33 of the 49 Priority A jurisdictions have apparently agreed to participate, it remains to be seen how fully they will participate. The Administration has admitted that when it says a jurisdiction has agreed to participate, that could encompass compliance with only a very small part of PEP.    There is a clear answer to this problem: compliance with ICE detainers must be mandatory. Jurisdictions that violate that policy must suffer consequences. And, most importantly, Congress must no longer allow the President the ability to simply turn off the immigration enforcement switch.    This Committee has passed a bill that addresses all three of those priorities, H.R. 1148, the ``Michael Davis, Jr. and Danny Oliver in Honor of State and Local Law Enforcement Act'' introduced by Chairman Gowdy. While I look forward to consideration of H.R. 1148 on the floor later today, the House will vote on legislation to address one part of the solution to sanctuary cities. That bill is a good first step, and I will support it. I also appreciate the Majority Leader's commitment to me that we will take additional action to ensure compliance with our immigration laws in the future.    Today I look forward to hearing the witnesses' thoughts on how to prevent sanctuary policies and the overwhelming number of crimes committed pursuant to these policies. And I also want to acknowledge that Mrs. Wilkerson, I think, is here this morning as well. She testified before the Senate hearing on Tuesday.    So I want to make it clear to everyone that this Committee is committed to addressing this problem in a comprehensive way, and we have taken the first step by bringing the bill to the floor today. But that should not be the end; that should be the beginning of our efforts to make sure that American citizens are safe in their cities around the country.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Goodlatte . The Chair thanks the gentlewoman and recognizes himself for his questions. And let me just say that there are 5,000 ICE agents in the country responsible for enforcing our immigration laws, which we know there are 350,000 convicted criminal illegal aliens on the streets right now. There are 11 million or more people who are unlawfully present in the United States. And that when you have over 900,000 local law enforcement officers, some communities may want to participate, some may not. We do not require them to enforce our immigration laws.    But the people who are unlawfully present in the United States and cause various types of problems, including committing crimes, are a concern to not just the national government, to local governments as well. So I think the first step is to see that our laws are enforced by the Federal Government, and I do not believe they are, and by State and local governments. And I think that beyond that, legislation is needed to address many aspects of our immigration policy.    Let me ask Mr. Steinle and then Sheriff Jones to talk a little bit more about the personal experiences that they have. Mr. Steinle, do you believe that San Francisco should have been required to honor ICE detainers?    Mr. Goodlatte. And do you agree that the U.S. immigration and enforcement policy should not be to the detriment of U.S. citizens and legal lawful resident immigrants?    Mr. Goodlatte. So would it not be best to remove unlawful aliens before they commit serious crimes as opposed to simply trusting and hoping that they will not, in fact, commit serious crimes? In the case of Mr. Lopez-Sanchez, he had committed some drug offenses, and he had committed the offense of illegally entering the United States. He had not committed murder at that point in time. But this whole debate about how serious a crime you have to commit before you can be subject to the enforcement of the laws which apply to everybody gets to be problematic, does it not?    Mr. Goodlatte. That is correct, and they do not have to have committed any other crime. They are a felon at that point in time.    Mr. Goodlatte. And Kate's law would impose a mandatory minimum sentence.    Mr. Goodlatte. But if you have cooperation between local law enforcement and the Federal Government, with limited resources they do have to set priorities, but they will set those priorities based on the best information, not based upon----    Mr. Goodlatte . Individual localities trying to set their own immigration policies.    Mr. Goodlatte. Sheriff Jones, would you tell us about Deputy Danny Oliver, his life, and what kind of person, deputy he was, and the circumstances of his murder?    Mr. Goodlatte. Are there changes to immigration enforcement that could have prevented Deputy Oliver and Investigator Davis' murders?    Mr. Goodlatte. Thank you. One last question. Ms. Vaughan, what are your thoughts when you hear sanctuary cities proponents state that unlawful aliens are no more likely to commit crimes than native-born individuals?    Mr. Goodlatte. Thank you very much. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois for his questions.