    Mr. Grothman. Thank you. I have some questions for Secretary Flynn. I spent a lot of time in Wisconsin government, and I know how important it is for the EPA and the local--I guess you call your Department of Environment and Natural Resources--to work together.    Go over some of the things you said before. When did you first hear about the spill?    Mr. Grothman. You did not hear about it from the EPA first?    Mr. Grothman. And how long was it after the spill first took place?    Mr. Grothman. By somebody other than the EPA?    Mr. Grothman. How did that delay affect your ability to respond?    Mr. Grothman. I do not know whether anything similar to this would have ever happened--anywhere near this horrible would have happened in New Mexico--but could you maybe compare that to how quickly you would have notified, say, adjacent landowners, or people downstream of a spill, if it was something that you were responsible for?    Mr. Grothman. I do not know that you have any employees that callous, but how would you have responded if, say, you found out one of your employees knew about an equivalent spill and just did not tell anybody about it for a day?    Mr. Grothman. You heard the testimony that came before you. Do you want to comment in general on her testimony, or did you feel her testimony was what you would describe as an accurate recount of what you saw on the ground?    Mr. Grothman. Well, just leave it at that.    The Chairman. Thank you. Are you done?    Mr. Grothman. No.    The Chairman. We are a little bit----    Mr. Grothman. Just one more question.    The Chairman. I will give you 1 more minute. I have given the others 1 minute; go for it.    Mr. Grothman. Frequently, as we had kind of the same interaction in the state of Wisconsin--frequently you have situations in which the Environmental Protection Agency, or the local DNR, would deal with something. Do you think this country would be well served if, insofar as we could, we would give responsibilities for protecting our Nation's resources to local and state natural resource departments, rather than the EPA? Do you guys feel, at least in New Mexico, that you seem to exhibit more of a sense of urgency or care about our natural resources?    Mr. Grothman. I agree with you, and we will see if we can do something about that.    The Chairman. All right, now I am going to cut you off, even though you were answering one of my questions. I am going to break the rules again here.    Mr. Pearce, let me come down to you before--I have a lot of questions for you. Let me go to the other members of our panel here. Mr. Pearce, you are recognized.