    Dr. Bailet. Chairman Pitts, Ranking Member Green, and distinguished members of the Energy and Commerce Subcommittee on Health, thank you for the opportunity to testify on behalf of Aurora Health Care, the largest private employer and the largest integrated healthcare delivery system in the State of Wisconsin.    I am Dr. Jeffery Bailet, co-president of Aurora Health Care Medical Group and one of the largest multispecialty medical groups in the Nation.    As an otolaryngologist head and neck surgeon and medical group co-president, I am responsible for co-leading 2,600 physicians and advanced practice clinicians who provide care to 1.3 million unique patients.    Aurora's diverse delivery system includes several rural community hospitals, urban hospitals, a psychiatric hospital as well as Aurora St. Luke's Medical Center, the State of Wisconsin's largest hospital.    Thank you for extending this opportunity to speak on behalf of MACRA. I am pleased to be a leader of this transition not only as a medical group physician leader but also as co-chair of the physician-focused Payment-Model Technical Advisory Committee, or PTAC.    I applaud Congress, particularly this committee, for incorporating the PTAC in MACRA as an advisory panel to consider physicians and other stakeholders' proposals for new models of high value care.    I am also fortunate to serve as chair-elect of the American Medical Group Association representing medical groups and health systems including some of the Nation's largest most prestigious integrated delivery systems.    I am pleased when standing in front of the physicians I support or speaking with physicians across the country that there's no longer debate about the need to transition to value-based care delivery.    Shifting the culture of the healthcare community to the importance of value is a huge accomplishment and our patients across the country will benefit. It is equally important, however, that regulators appreciate the need to proceed cautiously during this transition.    Many physicians are in various stages of readiness for a value-based payment system. There is and will continue to be a significant learning curve as providers begin to take on financial risk.    When implementing the regulations for MACRA's payment systems, CMS should recognize that the healthcare system will need time to adapt and learn how to function in this new payment environment. Providing an incremental approach that includes flexibility and rational exposure for financial risk will be vital in ensuring a successful transition to value-based payment.    Congressional oversight of this process is needed and welcomed. Physicians, whether they are in small group practices, larger multispecialty medical groups or high-performing integrated delivery systems must make significant investments to succeed in a risk-based environment.    For example, Aurora launched a predictive analytic pilot focusing on preventing hospital admissions and readmissions. Using a predictive analytic tool, Aurora was able to stratify a population of heart failure patients who had an 80 percent or higher likelihood of needing to be hospitalized as a result of their disease.    We then redesigned our care approach using health coaches, frequent proactive outreach and engaged patients to take active ownership of their treatment and health status. This effort helped Aurora reduce our congestive heart failure-related admissions by 60 percent.    To help solo and small group practices participate, Aurora is developing clinically integrated networks across our geographic area. For example, we helped found About Health, a clinically integrated network that enhances clinical quality, increases efficiency and improves customer experiences, providing access to care for about 94 percent of Wisconsin's population.    About Health is an example of how partnerships in Wisconsin between integrated delivery systems and small group practices can create a culture of learning and fostering of best practices to improve quality of care and reduce costs. This effort also helps small groups and solo practices that wish to maintain their independence the ability to do so.    It is vital that CMS continues to engage the stakeholder community. The healthcare provider community is eager to share its insights with CMS and to date CMS is making a sincere effort to engage.    I encourage CMS to build upon these efforts as value-based parameters are being clearly defined. MACRA represents a realistic opportunity for healthcare providers to improve the quality of care while reducing healthcare spending.    High-quality patient outcomes is paramount and the continuous improvement initiatives and redesigned infrastructure we have implemented at Aurora can serve as a guide to other providers.    Also, Aurora seeks out better, more effective ways to deliver care from our colleagues around the country. Moving forward, Aurora is prepared to fully participate in the development of new risk-based payment models that have the potential to improve patient care and bend the cost curve.    Thank you.    Dr. Bailet. Yes. Specialty care, being a specialist myself, they have a lot of influence on some of the care that's delivered that has a higher price tag and the specialists that I talk to around the country are very actively engaged in trying to influence efficiencies and care delivery and they're very sensitive and aware of the treatments that they're offering and the cost associated with them.    Again, it's a learning curve so the physicians are becoming more familiar with the costs and essentially the end product of the care they deliver and it is a partnership. It is no longer silos of primary care and silos of specialty care.    In order for us to be effective and efficient we need to work together as a team and it's not just physicians, it's also advanced practice clinicians. It's nursing. It's your care team. That is the only way we're going to maximize the potential of the health system and deliver the care the patients deserve at the expense and cost that is rational that will carry us forward.    Dr. Bailet. Well, I'm answering the question from the perspective of a medical group leader and I will say that there is anxiety amongst the physicians that I support mostly from not knowing exactly what the rules are going to be, how this is going to play through their practice at the individual level and it behooves us as leaders to support them and to help them understand that we're here--we're here for that support and unburdening their practice.    I want to be clear: The electronic health record is the foundation, but it is nowhere going to get us where we need to be if we cannot take the data, analyze it and reflect it back to the practice in ways that are actionable, that are actually going to impact patient care, then it will just be noise that's out there and the physicians will get continually frustrated and they won't be able to do what they need to do for their patients.    So we have to develop a culture of learning, a culture of continuous improvement and to maximize the data in a way, as I said, that it becomes actionable at the patient level. And that is not a small initiative and undertaking. I want to be clear that yes, you can buy an electronic health record, yes, you can deploy it and yes, you can teach your physicians and clinicians to use it. But until you develop the infrastructure that can analyze it, compartmentalize it, can stratify your patients where you're going to need to deploy your resources in the most critical areas, you're not going to be able to provide the kind of care at the cost that is going to make this successful.    So I just want to caution that it's going to take time build all that infrastructure in and my concern, and maybe that's too strong a word, but my cautions is that we cannot move too quickly.    I know there's a pressing urgency to move forward and I respect that. But I also think if we go too fast and we strip out the physicians who are already struggling with burnout--one of my colleagues mentioned that today--this could tip things out of balance and that would take something as wonderful as MACRA and essentially harm its ability and its effectiveness and I really don't want that to happen.    Dr. Bailet. I think my colleagues will agree there's so much repetitive reporting, overlap, gaps. It's incredibly burdensome on the reporting today and I'm hopeful that in--you know, hopeful that the legislation will address that going forward.    I think that that's one of the biggest pieces and also how we engage the physicians with the reporting. I mean, there is in my own practice to some degree there is--there are gaps and disconnects where the reporting is a little down field.    It's not direct line of sight. So physicians want to do the right thing and we have to provide the information to them in a way that allows them to make changes that are relevant in the moment.    And I would say that our current system doesn't allow us to do that. I know you changed your question but I had an answer.    Dr. Bailet. But it's 0K----    Dr. Bailet. I think MACRA has the opportunity to unleash innovation. We are essentially going to transform the care delivery. This is a very single moment in time where we're going to make an impact and rally physicians and clinicians around giving them ways and tools to better manage their patients and provide and reflect back to them results that actually make a difference.    And we need to create the aura of desirability at a national level where it becomes group agnostic. The best practices, once identified, need to get pushed out quickly and I think these incentives will help foster that. So that, to me, is one of the most exciting things about the position that we're in now.    Dr. Bailet. Well, I think it's embryonic. I mean, it's coming on but it is not ubiquitous across the system right now. I think that, you know, electronic health records are not perfect and no one has quite figured it out.    Epic, obviously, comes from Wisconsin. We transitioned. We were Cerner's largest client in the United States. We had deployed it fully across our system and we decided after 20 years it did not give us the lift that we needed going forward and we changed it out, $300 million later.    That is no small undertaking and I do believe there's not a CPT code that you can charge for changing out your EHR.    Dr. Bailet. But we believed, again, that's just the platform. So, yes, there are predictive analytic models out there and I'm not advertising for one versus the other.    But they're just beginning to demonstrate the power and, again, approaching the diseases that matter. So heart failure, COPD, diabetes--these are the diseases where a lot of funds are being expended on behalf of our patients and I know a lot of our conversation has been talking about the financial piece.    Obviously, that's important. But I think we cannot--we cannot minimize the impact on really transforming patients and what we were able to do at Aurora by changing their health status.    So they were going down a track of outcomes. We were able to take them off that track and improve their health status which, again, that's where the predictive analytic tool provided us the insights to be able to do that. That is significant.    Dr. Bailet. Yes. Yes, I am.    Dr. Bailet. I knew it was coming--a question.    Dr. Bailet. Yes.    Dr. Bailet. Sure.    Dr. Bailet. So PTAC was set up to be an independent advisory committee that advises the secretary of HHS on alternative payment models specifically related to physician-focused payment models.    The committee started in January. We had our first public meeting in February. We have our second public meeting in May.    As the chair, my goal is to because, again, the rules have not been released so the activities of the committee we are functioning and spending a lot of time familiarizing ourselves with each other because this committee needs to work at a high level.    We're also right now creating bylaws and rules of engagement so that when the rules are out we will be prepared to start looking at model proposals straightaway.    One of the areas that we're working on and we're looking at stakeholder input right now is what is the scoring system the committee is going to use to look at models--what are we going to look at as it relates to important elements--what weight will those individual elements get.    We want to be able to have a transparent process that the stakeholders have input into developing with us but more importantly that they understand when they're submitting models that the process for submission is streamlined, they know what needs to be in their models. We're going to provide assistance as best we can for select submitters and, again, we're advising.    If you ask me 2 years from now what would I consider a success for the PTAC committee it would be that the committee has the level of credibility with the stakeholders but also the secretary and our recommendations have a high level of influence and we are willing and able to put together recommendations for models that in fact CMS will see the merits and undertake them.    Dr. Bailet. Well, I'll be brief and let my colleagues also answer. The PTAC needs to be reflective of the fabric of the United States and the care systems that are delivered from rural communities.     We have communities in Wisconsin of towns of a thousand that we have to provide care for. So we need to as we look at models make sure that it's inclusive of the population that we're trying to treat.    So yes, there will be large metropolitan communities and specialties that can put forth models but we also have to make sure that the elements of the model as we weight them reflect and respect the smaller communities and allow them to participate and----    Dr. Bailet. Oh, I'm sorry.    Dr. Bailet. Yes, I would agree. I think the flexibility is absolutely key that things like the definition of what's nominal risk that may come out in the proposed rules but I think that's a big uncertainty--what does that mean--and I think the goal is to broaden the appeal of this to different size, different geographic area so that everyone can be trying to do this right.    But it's going to take some trial and error in some ways in terms of how physician practices do it. Clearly, we don't want any sort of risk to be at the level of the patient.     mean, there are other things where I think things need to be done well and carefully and thus far CMS has done, I think, a good job of getting our organization's input on how to do it right but things like patient attribution, risk adjustment--those are really complicated concepts and I think it would really frighten physicians if they thought that bureaucrats in Washington were making those determinations and not the physicians who actually understand that a bit better.    So I think really kind of making sure that CMS is going through that process the right way with the appropriate input, which they've done so far, is probably one of the most important things that you guys can do.    Dr. Bailet. Yes. Yes.    Dr. Bailet. So I concur the interoperability is a problem. I think that feedback so the CMS is going to be tasked with providing real time feedback on profiles of their effectiveness particularly in the MIPS and alternative payment models.    So I, again, fundamentally believe, having led physicians for a number of years they want to do the right thing and they will respond to data that is meaningful and when they look at it it says, you know, this reflects my practice.    So that feedback is going to be important. So getting access to the claims data but in a way where, again, it's real time and it can make a difference. If it's too far out of line of sight the impact is going to be limited. So I think in the interests of time I would stop there.    Dr. Bailet. Or husbands.    Dr. Bailet. Yes. In these smaller communities we philosophically believe the care is local and should be delivered locally as best it can. But there are times when patients have to leave these smaller communities to get specialty care.    So we spend a lot of time making sure that the physicians in these smaller towns and clinicians, because it's not just physicians, have the resources--the support of a larger system.    We try to create virtual outreach. So we have TelePsych, for example, that we're offering these physicians. Again, for them to want to go into smaller communities they don't want to be an island.    They want to be connected to the physician community at large because, again, they want to have these assets for their patients.    So the more we have these interconnected points with our patients whether it's TelePsych or we have TeleStroke, we can bring those attributes out to the community so these physicians in smaller communities feel like they have a team behind them to be able to manage the patients.    And yes, there are times when you have to convince the patients to leave the community for their care. But we work very hard to return those patients as soon as possible, again, with that electronic record, with that team support so that the physicians who are treating these patients feel like they have a safety net to be able to manage them if there's a complication or additional questions that come--that come up.    Dr. Bailet. The CMMI?    Dr. Bailet. Yes. So I think that the work that was done under CMMI was sort of planted the seeds of innovation and those kinds of models and our care designs that came out of that I believe they're going to be contributing to the innovation that's injected into the models that the PTAC will consider. I'm hoping I'm answering your question.    Dr. Bailet. Yes.    Dr. Bailet. Yes. It has to.    Dr. Bailet. And I think that I've heard and I can say--speak for the committee to the individual level that is absolutely paramount and that is--that is the desire of this committee.    Again, we respectfully understand that it is an independent body and an advisory body but absolutely, and we are--we are doubling down on our efforts to listen to the stakeholders and, frankly, our output is to some degree--to a large degree going to be as good as the input of the stakeholders as they come forward.    Dr. Bailet. Resubmit. Right. Again, that is our plan, to come up with a blueprint for people to be able to follow and to provide advice and guidance to allow resubmission if there are challenges or potential weaknesses with their proposals.    And, again, we want to be as comprehensive and transparency is key here to make sure that once we get the feedback from the specialty communities and the other societies that we develop a model that is transparent and anybody wherever they are, wherever they are in their readiness and abilities can look at this and say look, I want to participate--I want to create a model and they have--they have the blueprint that then they can apply their potential proposal in order for the PTAC to critically evaluate it, and right now we are right in the middle of that--developing that process of analysis.    Dr. Bailet. Well, I mean, these models are--the underpinnings of these models are to impact patient care to provide high-quality care, enhanced patient care, obviously, with smarter spending.    But the elements in the models will be--the underpinnings will be moving the quality spectrum forward to make sure that that outcomes, and that really is the point of the round here is the actual outcome.    You know, there are--there are metrics A1C--there are targets that we--that we strive for as a practice. But I also think what these APMs will be able to do across populations is actually look at outcomes, not just the fact that the diabetic patient has an A1C less than seven but what are some of the other parameters of their functionality, some of the other morbidity and mortality associated with the disease--what are we actually changing their health status and being impactful and I believe the APMs will allow us to do that.