    Ms. Burns. Thank you. Good morning, Chairman Chaffetz, Ranking Member Cummings, and distinguished members of the committee. My name is Sylvia Burns and I am the Chief Information Officer for the U.S. Department of the Interior. I appreciate the opportunity to testify regarding DOI's efforts to secure and protect agency, customer, and employee data in the wake of recently discovered cyber intrusion.    Additionally, we appreciate having had the opportunity to provide a classified briefing on the cyber intrusion for members of your committee staff and other congressional staff on May 21st, 2015.    Cyber intruders executed very sophisticated tactics to obtain unauthorized access to OPM data hosted in a DOI data center which contained sensitive personally identifiable information. The incident was and remains under active investigation. At present, the effort has not discovered evidence that any data other than OPM data was exfiltrated.    DOI has initiated a major planning effort to address short, medium and long-term remediation to strengthen our security protections and reduce risks to the Department, our employees, our customers, and our partners. DOI takes the privacy and security of this data very seriously.    In April, DHS's U.S. Computer Emergency Readiness Team, US-CERT, informed DOI about a potential malicious activity which was later determined to be a sophisticated intrusion on DOI's network. DOI immediately began working with US-CERT, the FBI, and other Federal agencies to initiate an investigation and determine what information may have been compromised. DOI allowed DHS and the other investigating agencies immediate access to the DOI computer systems and DOI dedicated people to support the investigation.    Although there is evidence that the adversary had access to the DOI data center's overall environment, today the investigation has not discovered evidence that any data other than OPM data was exfiltrated. However, the investigation remains ongoing.    Concurrent with the investigation, DOI immediately initiated a major planning effort to address short, medium and long-term remediation to strengthen our cybersecurity protections. We undertook those efforts in the context of other cybersecurity improvements which were already underway pursuant to the Department's commitment to the Administration's cybersecurity cross-agency priority goals, as well as DHS's CDM program. We have now accelerated our work on preexisting efforts while devising and implementing new security measures in consultation with the investigating agencies with the expertise related to this particular threat.    Activities underway include working with DHS to scan for specific malicious indicators across the entire DOI network. As part of DHS's binding operational directive, we are identifying and mitigating critical IT security vulnerabilities for all internet-facing systems, and at the direction of the Secretary and Deputy Secretary we are doing the same for all of DOI's IT systems. This includes systems that are for DOI's internal use as well as systems for the public and non-DOI users.    We are acquiring and implementing new capabilities that will help us to detect and respond quickly to new intrusions. We continue to meet with interagency partners to learn about their activities and leverage their knowledge to make additional improvements to our cybersecurity posture at DOI. We are fully enabling two-factor authentication for all users.    DOI's existing long-term plan includes several agency-wide strategic initiatives, including continuing our commitment to DHS's CDM program. We are almost done implementing hardware and software asset management, and we will be adding new capabilities for application whitelisting, network access control, and dashboarding functionality to provide a comprehensive view of the Department's security posture.    We are strengthening DOI's cybersecurity and privacy workforce so that we have knowledgeable and experienced people to address current and future threats facing the agency. We are designing and implementing increased network segmentation so that, if an intrusion occurs within one component of our network, we can better limit the extent of the exposure. We are evaluating data protection technologies, such as information rights management, for potential future investments.    Again, DOI takes the privacy and security of its data very seriously. We are committed to supporting and continuing the investigation regarding the incident affecting OPM data. Furthermore, we will continue to be an active participant in the ongoing efforts by the Federal Government to improve our Nation's overall cybersecurity posture.    Chairman Chaffetz, Ranking Member Cummings, and members of the committee, this concludes my prepared statement. I would be happy to answer any questions that you may have.    Ms. Burns. I think it is about beefing up the security clauses in all contracts so that they cover the full extent of what we need, and then doing the monitoring and follow-up that you need to do to ensure that the contractors are adhering to those clauses of the contract.