    Mr. Rogers. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank you all for being here.    Secretary Carter, I want to start off with a shamelessly parochial issue.    The AMPV program, which I know you are familiar, is replacing the M113 combat vehicle, which is maintained at the Anniston Army Depot. I am very interested in seeing the AMPV maintained at the Anniston Army Depot.    Do you know who is going to make that decision and when about where the source of repair is going to be made?    Mr. Rogers. Thank you very much.    Mr. Rogers. General Dempsey, based on open-source reporting, Russia is planning to put tactical nuclear weapons in the illegally seized territory of Crimea.    What is your best military advice as to how we as a nation should respond to that?    General Dempsey. Well, there are several things.    I saw the same open-source report. I haven't seen it reflected in intelligence, and if I had, I would have suggested we would have this conversation in closed session.    There are other things that Russia is doing that seem to be provocative in nature, and I think we have to make it very clear that things like their compliance with the INF Treaty--that there will be political, diplomatic, and potentially military costs in terms of the way we posture ourselves and the way we plan and work with our allies to address those provocations.    So I have seen it. It concerns me greatly. I certainly would counsel them not to roll back the clock to previous experiences, and I have had those conversations with my counterpart.    Mr. Rogers. Great.    And this would be for Secretary Carter. I was very pleased, a couple days after you were approved by the Senate for your new position, to see you publicly announce that this INF Treaty violation by Russia can no longer be tolerated without some sort of response.    I am curious. How much longer do you think it will be before we do provide some sort of response to that violation, that continued violation of the INF Treaty?    Mr. Rogers. Well, I appreciate that. I would hope that one thing that you would consider is to modify the Aegis Ashore site that we are currently constructing in Deveselu, Romania, with the capacity to defend itself against those intermediate-range missiles that they are illegally testing.    Mr. Rogers. Thank you very much.    That is all I have, Mr. Chairman.    The Chairman. Thank the gentleman.    Mr. Takai.