    Mr. Halvorsen. Good morning, Mr. Chairman, Ranking Member, and distinguished members of the committee. Thank you for this opportunity to testify before you on the Department of Defense legacy information technology spending plans for modernization and the implications of IT acquisition reform and security.    As the department CIO, I am the principal adviser to the Secretary of Defense for information management, IT, cybersecurity, communications, positioning, navigation and timing, spectrum management, and senior leadership and Nuclear Command and Control and Communications matters. My written testimony provides more detailed information on these matters, but I want to highlight some of the department's activities in this area.    All of the services have modernization plans that align with DOD and service priorities. The DOD and the services have recognized some critical areas to which funds have been added for modernization. NC3, PNT, the Joint Regional Security Stacks are some examples. All of the services are committed to moving to Windows 10, and we are working on moving toward a common private cloud supported by various hybrid and public clouds.    The department and services are committed to modernization as it relates to improved cybersecurity. For example, within the services, the Army is moving forward with upgrading its camp, post, station, and base communications IT infrastructure. The Air Force is implementing Communications Squadron Next. The Navy is moving forward with shipboard modernization with programs such as CANES. And the USMC has focused its efforts to modernize IT at the edge by creating a seamless Marine Corps enterprise network.    I believe we are correctly balancing between mission priorities, legacy systems, and modernization within current budget constraints. Today, about 25 percent of our budget goes to modernization. That doesn't mean that we don't have challenges or that there are enough resources.    OPTEMPO also has a major impact on IT equipment and modernization. DOD has been busy, and we continue to have high demand for our services.    Our priority for investments are C2 systems and direct combat support systems. We aren't modernizing business systems as fast as we would like, but we have prioritized DOD resources to ensure overall mission success.    The DOD is ``Fortune Zero.'' It is the largest IT operation in the world.    I think it is important to note that DOD is not out of balance with large enterprise IT in the private sector. We are not out of balance in investment, use of cloud, percentage using older languages. I think we should note that COBOL runs 70 percent to 80 percent of all business transactions in the world.    IT modernization competes for dollars with other DOD modernization efforts, like aviation platforms, ship weapons, combat vehicles, et cetera. Again, I think we've got the priorities right, given the budget constraints. The budget, however, is constrained, and that affects all modernization efforts, to include IT.    While I am the CIO, DOD must look at the entirety of the department's modernization efforts, not just IT, and prioritize accordingly.    Thank you for the time. I look forward to your questions today.    Mr. Halvorsen. I have been in this position about 2.5 years.    Mr. Halvorsen. I am.    Mr. Halvorsen. It is.    Mr. Halvorsen. I would say a couple things.    One, we are a little out of sync with the grading criteria in that we have a 6- to 12-month, not a zero- to 6-month grade within DOD. We are moving that more forward, so we leveled that time to 6 to 12. It was higher before.    I think if you look at the things we have done recently, you will see that we are doing things in modernization. The move to Windows 10 is the single biggest move to a single operating system ever undertaken by any organization. We are getting that done. We have a 1-year time frame. We are on track to do that. We will hit 80 percent of DOD in a year.    We have done more modernization with the commercial sector. I think that is the important piece that we need to recognize here. Our modernization needs to be done much more in conjunction and partnership with the commercial sector.    Mr. Halvorsen. I am saying buy mostly, not build.    Mr. Halvorsen. Not exactly.    Mr. Halvorsen. It is a tertiary--I can only go into the system a little bit. It is a tertiary system that is responsible for delivering two small, very important messages as a third backup. That is what that system does today. It is a tertiary system.    And we are actually investing in the NC3 system to change the way we deliver that whole product.    Mr. Halvorsen. That is correct.    Mr. Halvorsen. That is correct.    Mr. Halvorsen. A tertiary system for doing that, yes, sir.    Mr. Halvorsen. I would.    Mr. Halvorsen. I am not, but I am aware of other private companies that use similar technology. No one is saying that we should continue to use the 8-inch discs much longer, but I would point out a couple things. The reliability factor on that system is where I need it to be, which is five 9s, 99.999 percent. It is completely secure because it is a closed system. So while I want to fix it, all I am saying is that in the priority of things that I need to fix, that will be in probably year 3 of my next 5-year plan. It is not in the top priority of things I think either I want to fix or you would want me to fix, in terms of priority.    Mr. Halvorsen. I didn't say it wasn't important. I said it was a tertiary system. And what I am fixing is the entire way that we are going to deliver that whole process.    I won't actually replace this system. The system is going to go away and be replaced by a different method of delivery.    Mr. Halvorsen. It will.    Mr. Halvorsen. Depending on when the 2 years started, it would generally be the Secretary of Defense's call. But I am politically appointed, so I will change out with the administration.    Mr. Halvorsen. We definitely need to modernize the front end of that system. One of the reasons that we are delayed a little bit is, in looking at that, I wanted more input from the private sector. This is one where I do believe we could buy the front end of this.    The backend of the system is in pretty good shape. It is old, but it is in COBOL language. It supports it.    One of the things I do think that we want to recognize here is that the front end of systems, obviously, many times, we need to fix those. When you are interacting with customers, we've got that, and we have examples of that. Some of these backend systems I do think we want to make that investment the same way the private sector would, which is to do the business case to say, ``Does it pay to change that?'' In many cases right now, it will not pay to change the backend of some of the systems we have.    COBOL is not going away anytime soon. The predictions you look at, it is going to be around as our major business system for a while.    The front ends, make it look more consumer-friendly. Go with what the private sector is doing there. And that is what we will end up with here.    Mr. Halvorsen. By the end of the summer.    Mr. Halvorsen. I thank the committee. This committee has taken this problem seriously, and I do appreciate that. And I think you've understood the complexity of the problem, which is very helpful, in itself.    The other area that this committee has been helpful with, and I hope that will continue, is giving us some flexibility on how we hire the cyber and IT work force.    Thank you.