    Mr. Meeks. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and I want to thank you for holding this hearing to provide us with the status update on the Western Balkans region and I look forward to working with you in this 114th Congress on this region and as we have been talking about look forward to visiting this region soon so that we can go and see for ourselves what is going on on the ground.    With the West's attention justifiably being attracted to the Ukraine and related issues, we must not forget the importance and the delicate state of progress in the Western Balkans and I am encouraged by this hearing on the region to reaffirm our stance support for its peaceful and prosperous future.    Today's hearing is for me an opportunity to examine the tough issues and potential for advancements for a region that has a lot of promise. The quagmire of the Balkan Wars of the 1990s gives us a reference point for today's hearing. As the region spiraled into chaos, the United States and NATO led an international effort to put an end to the killing. The war set the region back in its move toward democracy and free-market capitalization and continued to haunt its citizens and policy makers. Western thinkers tend to present the Western Balkans' history and current events through two different lenses in my opinion, one that reckons that outside involvement played the leading role in getting us to the wars and consequently the current situation, while the other claims that the fate of Yugoslavia was doomed regardless of what outsiders did.    In today's hearing, I would like to argue the role of the Balkan people themselves who are often dismissed in these discussions. As much as recently written histories and international bodies affect the current situations here, it is the decisions of local politicians, businesses, and citizens that will definitely decide where this region will go. It is up to us and Congress to support healthy democratic, economic, and peaceful progress on the ground. We, the United States, have invested billions of dollars and many lives in order to ensure peace and prosperity in the region. The people there who have sacrificed more deserved it. In fact, there are signs of promise across the region. The regions are over a decade without armed conflict. Croatia, a reliable NATO partner, joined the EU in July 2013. And Serbia is technically on track to follow suit later this decade.    Freedom House named Kosovo, an electoral democracy for the first in their 2015 report. Montenegro recently passed substantial reforms to the rule of law and the defense and intelligent sectors, taking it closer to NATO membership. These are all encouraging steps in the right direction that should be recognized and supported.    Nevertheless, change is rarely linear and we will examine the breaks that impede progress as they apply to specific states. Sluggish economic growth, continuing problems in the fight against corruption, and serious questions with regard to the rule of law beset the region with an undertow pulling against the progress that had been made.    How can Congress support regional actors in combating these forces? And what about the EU? How much progress can be made without a bold accession strategy from the regional power, the EU. Ensuring the success of the region's development and encouraging democratic progress is of strategic importance to the United States and our interest are critically linked.    So I hope, as I have heard some of the testimony already, the opinions on this fascinating region, the leaders of the governments there should know that we are concerned with the state of affairs and after this hearing we look forward to following up on what is discussed. The fragile piece of the region is one that we, together with our EU partners must work hard at and encouraging.    I look forward to a fruitful discussion and questions that we can explore what Congress can offer and do to help to ensure economic growth, equality and peace for all in the region.    Thank you for giving me that opportunity, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Meeks. Let me first deal first with whole piece on EU accession. And some said, the European Union has lost its magic in the sense, but not its importance in the region. And they fault EU expansion fatigue or the lack of progress on the part of the countries applying to join, but the EU integration process has definitely slowed.    One could question the specific state of accession in each Western Balkan country, but how do you assess the progress as a whole and the trends associated with it?    Mr. Yee?    Mr. Meeks. Let me ask this question and then I will yield and come back. One of the biggest issues that I think and that is of concern is how the aligning of energy in the region is dealt with and the climate policies with the principles of the EU. And I understand that this is one of the most demanding chapters that the EU and the EU accession, both in cost and legislation that you were talking about needed to be passed. Coal no longer can play such a role in these countries' energy future.    Furthermore, when we see things like Greece is entertaining Russia's plans to solve some of its energy questions, what messages, if any, have we been sending from the U.S. on this front and how can we be sure to kind of integrate the Balkan countries in a new energy system? And how can we reverse this trend and aid the countries in their energy plans so this is lined up so that we can make sure we are working collectively together in that regard?    Mr. Meeks. Ms. Fritz, is there anything you want to add to that?    Mr. Meeks. Thank you.    Mr. Meeks. Let me ask Ms. Fritz. How has the USAID programs in the Western Balkans helped to build tolerance between communities? And how much work remains to be done to heal some of the scars of the 1990s? Because to me, we want to make sure that we don't ever go back there and the question of the different ethnic groups. And what I hope our work is is to help build that kind of tolerance so that we can have a more prosperous future.    Mr. Meeks. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And I think what we may have here is between the chairman and I a classic case of is the glass half full or is the glass half empty. And from what I hear from the chair he says it is half empty. I think I side that it is half full.    Mr. Meeks. Not for me. So for me, 20 years is not a long time. And 20 years where we are starting to see that integration is substantial. And I think of--I can't help to come to these--my thinking and to my positions without also looking at a nation that has been here for over 238 years, the United States of America. And I don't see how we can be critical of countries that are trying to get together and work and have the integration in 20 years when we really haven't--still, we are striving to be a more perfect union.    I mean I couldn't help but think about what has taken place just a few short miles from here today, yesterday, in Baltimore where you have got a group of young men, unemployed, no sense of hope, none of those things exist. This is in the United States of America. When I think about the number of individuals who are being recruited from al Qaeda or for ISIS or whatever, right here from the United States of America. So I don't see how I can be so critical of others who are trying to strive and prove themselves just 20 short years when the United States has been trying to do it for over 238 years. It is a fact that the globe is now much smaller than it has been. And we do need to figure out how we integrate it and work collectively together and that is why in my estimation it is important for us and the United States and for the EU to work with other nations who are also striving to be better. There are ethnic differences, so that is why I asked the question before about that, just as there are ethnic differences still in the United States of America. But the only way that we can work that out is to try to figure out how we can talk and work that out and do it collectively as a human community and as a world community.    So I would like to think that the progress that I have seen over the last 20 years where we have come from the slaughtering of human beings on a massive level to where now we are really starting to talk about the corruption that may be there, fixing the economy, fixing this and fixing that, on figuring how we work together better as opposed to how we destroy one another, to me that is truly a glass that is half full.    Now we have still got a long way to go. We have still got to make sure that we would like the full glass and that is what I think that I am hearing some. And Mr. Vejvoda, I am hearing you say that what we are striving to do is to get better. And the economy, Lord knows, we just came out of the greatest recession since the Great Depression here in the United States. And everybody in the EU economy has been suffering when I look at the unemployment rates as going up.    So it is important to me that we have this hearing and we have this kind of dialogue on both ways though because by doing that then maybe we can realize and try to figure out how we can improve and have a better situation.    Now I get concerned because all areas of the world are important and oftentimes when I travel some say well the United States being the world's largest economy is focused here and not there. And that is why I think this hearing is important because the Balkans has to be still on the United States' place as we tend to look at some other places whether it is dealing in Ukraine or dealing in Asia or dealing in some other part, we have to make sure the Balkans is still in our focus because it is such still a key part of the world. And until we can do that--so I get concerned, for example, in the U.S. budget as I look as we put a lot of dollars now toward the Ukraine situation. I look that the focus is less on what is taking place in the Balkans. And so I am wondering how we make up for the lower levels of funding that remain so that we can continue being a leading force in the region along with the EU and keeping hope up because with a slow accession gives me concern, keeping hope up from the countries that are trying to get in, of gaining access into NATO or the EU that it, in fact, can happen. And what do we need to do to make sure that that happens?    So I will get off my bandwagon. The question, for example, I get concerned about whether or not the dates and framework is still salvageable. I get--the questions that I have, so I want to throw that out. The question that I have is that since 2013, what progress has been made since Serbia and Kosovo signed the Agreement of Principles and Governing, the normalization of relations, and do both sides remain fully committed to the process. And if not, who is not? What can we do to help so that they can be committed to the process? I want to look at it on a positive side so that we can figure out how we can work this thing to make it happen so that we can be--we still are striving, we are never going to be perfect, but continue to striving to be better and working to be better and having it more in an integrated and therefore co-dependent scenario.    Mr. Vejvoda?    Mr. Meeks. Absolutely.