    Chairman Luetkemeyer. The Subcommittee on Housing and Insurance will come to order. Without objection, the Chair is authorized to declare a recess of the subcommittee at any time.    Today's hearing is entitled, ``Opportunities and Challenges Facing the National Flood Insurance Program.''    I would like to thank the witnesses for appearing today. We look forward to your testimony.    I now recognize myself for 3 minutes to give an opening statement.    My district is home to many communities that lie in flood plains near major rivers, streams, and lakes. Many of the towns I represent, like so many communities across the Nation, are suffering from some of the most destructive flood scenes in years.    While the long-term repercussions are yet to be fully known, previous experience has continually brought to light many issues surrounding the National Flood Insurance Program (NFIP). Within the past 5 years, nearly every one of the 50 States has experienced flooding. In the past decade, insurance claims stemming from flood damage have averaged $3.5 billion a year. It is not surprising, then, that flooding is the number one natural disaster in the United States. As a result, the NFIP today has an outstanding debt of approximately $23 billion borrowed from the Treasury, with $7.45 billion remaining of its total temporary borrowing authority.    I have previously voiced concerns about the administration, operation, and suitability of the NFIP. Time and time again, we see Americans suffer because of governmental failure and inaction in times of greatest need. Authorization of the NFIP will expire on September 30, 2017. Unlike in previous years, it is my hope that Congress can avoid coverage lapses that leave economies along the Missouri and Mississippi Rivers and local economies in every congressional district in a lurch. At the same time, we all recognize, regardless of political affiliation, that the status quo isn't acceptable.    Throughout this year, this committee will aim to garner more information on the NFIP, examine whether or not changes to flood insurance are likely to solve longstanding issues, and develop ways to fix a broken system in order to ensure it does more to benefit all parties involved.    I look forward to today's testimony and to the start of what I hope is a productive conversation on the future of flood insurance in America. My hope is that, at some point over the course of this year, we will be able to get enough information so that we can put together the reauthorization bill by the end of the year and that we will take next year, 2017, to be able to then authorize that bill, fine-tune it, and get it to the point where we can pass it and avoid the management by crisis that we do around here on a regular basis.    However, that being said, I look forward to today's testimony.    With that, the Chair now recognizes the ranking member of the subcommittee, the gentleman from Missouri, my good friend Mr. Cleaver, for 5 minutes for an opening statement.    Chairman Luetkemeyer. Very good.    Good morning, Ranking Member, whenever you are ready.    Ms. Waters. I'm ready.    Chairman Luetkemeyer. Okay. The ranking member of the full Financial Services Committee, Ms. Waters from California, is recognized for 2 minutes.    Ms. Waters. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    I am pleased to see that this committee has chosen to prioritize the National Flood Insurance Program this year. At the end of last year, I requested that the committee hold this hearing because I believe that it is absolutely critical that we start thinking about the program and how we can improve it for the long term.    Now, let me briefly discuss the beginning before we discuss the future.    When I agreed to work with Ms. Biggert on what ultimately became the Biggert-Waters Act, our goal was to create a bipartisan solution to repair our ailing Flood Insurance Program. There was a broad consensus around the need for the program because it is essential to our housing market and to our disaster recovery. For years, instability and insolvency issues threatened the effectiveness of NFIP.    And since 2008, Congress has been extending the program a few months at a time. Twice, this led to shutdowns, including one that stalled more than 40,000 home sales in June 2010 alone. Short-term extensions cause lapses in the program that place communities at risk and undermine our housing market. In 2010, the National Association of REALTORS estimated that approximately 1,400 home closings were adversely affected each day the program sat expired.    For this reason, and to address the NFIP's then-$24 billion debt, we attempted to fix the program through a 5-year extension and a 10-year repayment plan. But it soon became clear that our best intentions fell victim to circumstances that led to rate increases too severe for any family's budget. Together, we worked tirelessly to enact reform that provided much needed rate relief for thousands of homeowners and put FEMA back on the path to addressing affordability issues on a broader scale.    In 2013, when this committee refused to hold hearings, I convened a bipartisan meeting which led to the creation of a bipartisan and bicameral coalition. Ultimately, we were successful in passing legislation that addressed the unintended consequences of the Biggert-Waters Act. I stand ready to take these next 2 years to continue in that spirit and work across the aisle to ensure that the NFIP remains able to provide affordable flood insurance so that our Nation is resilient in the event of a disaster.    So I thank you, Mr. Chairman, and I yield back the balance of my time. And I hope that we can work together in a bipartisan effort in the way that we did to pass the bill that corrected the unintended consequences of Biggert-Waters. I enjoy doing that.    I yield back.    Chairman Luetkemeyer. Thank you, Ms. Waters.    With that, we will open with our testimony for the day.    We have Mr. Stephen Ellis, vice president, Taxpayers for Common Sense; Mr. Christopher Heidrick, principal of Heidrick & Company Insurance and Risk Management Services, on behalf of the Independent Insurance Agents and Brokers of America; Ms. Patty Templeton-Jones, executive vice president and chief program advocate for Wright National Flood Insurance Company, on behalf of the Property Casualty Insurers Association of America; and Mr. Tom Woods, 2015 chairman of the board, National Association of Home Builders.    We had a roundtable last week, which was great from the standpoint that we were looking at the mapping problem, believing that we need to start there. In today's hearing, we hope to build on that with a more broad look at flood insurance as a whole and then on--in fact, tomorrow, we will look at a private sector solution with a bill that is out there to also take that into consideration. So we are starting off the year with a lot of research and looking into the aspect, different aspects of flood insurance, and we look forward to your testimony here today.    Just to give you a brief tutorial on the lighting system, you get 5 minutes to speak, and give us your testimony. At the 1-minute mark, a yellow light will come on. And when you hit red, that means my gavel is close behind.    With that, Mr. Ellis, welcome to the committee, and I look forward to your testimony. You have 5 minutes.    Chairman Luetkemeyer. Thank you, Mr. Ellis.    Mr. Heidrick, you are now recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Luetkemeyer. Thank you, Mr. Heidrick. Well done, you wound up within the time limit there. Good job.    Chairman Luetkemeyer. Ms. Templeton-Jones, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Luetkemeyer. Thank you, Ms. Templeton-Jones.    And finally, we will go to Mr. Woods.    Mr. Woods, I want to thank you, again, for your participation last week in our flood mapping roundtable. I realize this is your second visit to D.C. in 2 weeks, so we appreciate your willingness to work with us, to enlighten us, and to represent your association, which you do very well.    So, again, as a fellow Missourian, welcome to our committee, Mr. Woods.    And you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Luetkemeyer. Thank you, Mr. Woods.    I want to thank each of the individuals testifying today for your testimony.    And, without objection, your written statements will be made a part of the record.    With that, I want to recognize myself for 5 minutes and begin the questioning.    Mr. Ellis, you make a lot of different statements, a lot of interesting conjectures as to how things could be, should be. You are looking at private insurance, to go that direction. How do we get there? And what do we do with mapping if it is still necessary, if you go to a private insurance market?    Chairman Luetkemeyer. You still need the NFIP, I think, I guess also.    Chairman Luetkemeyer. Mr. Heidrick, one of the things that you were talking about was the low take-up rate. What is your solution for that, or do you have a solution, or do you believe that is just an inherent problem with the nature of flood insurance?    Chairman Luetkemeyer. Along those lines, if it is more difficult for people to ascertain they need it, and if you would go to a more private market, how would you market the insurance? Are you going to market like you do car insurance and homeowners insurance, or life insurance, where you would market it as one of those risks that is out there? Do you see a marketing program that would help do this, to show people the need for this, or is this something that the government is going to have to do, or the local communities who live in the flood plain areas are going have to do? How would you market the product if it is a private sector product?    Chairman Luetkemeyer. Mr. Woods, you deal with this every day. With the fact that you build homes and hopefully you can sell them, financiers are supposed to be required to have in their files a document that says this either is or is not subject to flood insurance. How do you see this playing out with the private market? How do we solve this problem of participation?    Chairman Luetkemeyer. Okay. Very good. My time has expired.    With that, I will recognize the ranking member of the full Financial Services Committee, Ms. Waters, for 5 minutes.    Ms. Waters. I do believe that the chairman of this subcommittee, Mr. Luetkemeyer, who is from Missouri, is headed in the right direction. And I do believe that he can get all of the forces together so that we can get this right. So I am very optimistic.    And I thank you for your testimony.    Chairman Luetkemeyer. I thank the ranking member. The time has expired.    With that, we recognize the gentleman from New Mexico, Mr. Pearce, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Luetkemeyer. The gentleman's time has expired.    With that, we go to the gentleman from Missouri, Mr. Cleaver, the ranking member of the subcommittee.    Chairman Luetkemeyer. I thank the gentleman. The time has expired.    With that, we go to the gentleman from Florida, Mr. Ross, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Luetkemeyer. I thank the gentleman. Time has expired. With that, we go to another gentleman from Missouri, Mr. Clay, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Luetkemeyer. Your microphone is off, sir.    Chairman Luetkemeyer. The gentleman yields back. And with that, we go to the gentleman from Kentucky, Mr. Barr, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Luetkemeyer. The gentleman's time has expired. We now go to the gentleman from Texas. Mr. Green is recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Luetkemeyer. The gentleman's time has expired. With that we go to the gentleman from Pennsylvania. Mr. Rothfus is recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Luetkemeyer. Darn that clock, right? The gentleman's time has expired. With that, we go to the gentlelady from Wisconsin, Ms. Moore, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Luetkemeyer. The gentlelady's time has expired. With that, the gentleman from California, Mr. Royce, is recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Luetkemeyer. The gentleman's time has expired. We have a few additional questions that we would like to ask. A few Members are still here. We will begin our second round with the ranking member, Mr. Cleaver from Missouri. He is recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Luetkemeyer. The gentleman yields back. With that, we go to the gentleman from New Mexico, Mr. Pearce. He is recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Luetkemeyer. The gentleman's time has expired. I just want to kind of wrap it up. I have a question or two here myself. One of the things that was brought up was with regard to the debt of the NFIP. The gentleman from New Mexico makes a great point here about the different tragedies and catastrophes that we go through as a country.    Mr. Ellis, I am curious about your position on the debt that the NFIP has accumulated. Is that something that we should--whenever we did Hurricane Sandy, we found other monies in the budget and paid for it by doing that rather than extending the debt. Some of it is still there. And I guess the question becomes, actuarially, do you figure in those extreme events, or do you actuarially figure in the normal things that happen, like in my area here it just happened this last couple of weeks? What would your opinion be on that.    Chairman Luetkemeyer. My second question, I guess, is, do you believe that we need to structure the program actuarially for the average losses per year, which are several billion dollars, versus the catastrophe that happens once every 10 years?    Chairman Luetkemeyer. I guess the question becomes then, do you believe that when you structure the program, you need to structure in a governmental component as a reinsurance as a backstop on this? Because it appears that historically when these things occur, the government is going to be there as a backstop. Do you believe that should continue and, if not, how to do that?    Chairman Luetkemeyer. Mr. Heidrick, what do you believe? What do you think about that? Can you actuarially make this thing work and have the private sector take all the risk on all the properties, just what Mr. Ellis is advocating?    Chairman Luetkemeyer. Very good. Well, my time has expired, and I think we have had a great discussion this afternoon. Our intention is to, with our discussion yesterday or last week with regards to mapping, begin the discussion of how we get the basics down and get the maps correct so we can begin to have some intelligent discussion about the rest of the program.    Today we want to discuss the important strengths and weaknesses of the NFIP, alternatives to the NFIP, if there are some, improvements to NFIP, whatever we can make, and I think mitigation is an important part of this. There is some action along that road. I can tell you from personal experience with this last flood we had in Missouri this last 2, 3 weeks--we had a historic flood back in 1993 along the Missouri River. A lot of the properties were mitigated. In fact, entire small towns were bought out and moved up on top of the ridges away from the lowlands. Levees were built up and improved and reinforced. As a result of that, even though we had a historic flood along the Missouri, on my half of the Missouri anyway, this past couple of weeks, the damage was not as great as it would have been. It actually worked. Mitigation worked. So I think there are a lot of things we need to talk about, anddiscuss along those lines.    We talked today a little bit about the affordability, of people being able to afford the rates, as well as the take-up rate, how you balance those things. And then we looked at the debt a minute ago. How do we look at the debt that we incur? Do we need to have a government component of this? Can we do it without the government component? Where do we need to go? All of these things are things that over the next several months, we want to ferret out. I want to try and get your input.    I know we have a lot of folks in the audience who are very interested in this. We want to continue to have a dialogue with all of you as we go through the process of trying to find a way to improve the situation. And the testimony is pretty general in agreement that at some point, part of it, if not all of it, will transition into the private market. So if that is the case, how do we facilitate that and not hinder it? So we have a lot of work to do and a lot of things to discuss.    We certainly appreciate all of the witnesses today. You did a great job. We appreciate all of what you did.    Without objection, I would like to submit the following statements for the record: the National Association of REALTORS; the National Association of Professional Insurance Agents; the National Multifamily Housing Council and the National Apartment Association; and the American Insurance Association.    The Chair notes that some Members may have additional questions for this panel, which they may wish to submit in writing. Without objection, the hearing record will remain open for 5 legislative days for Members to submit written questions to these witnesses and to place their responses in the record. Also, without objection, Members will have 5 legislative days to submit extraneous materials to the Chair for inclusion in the record.    The hearing is adjourned.