    Ms. Pustay. Okay.    Ms. Pustay. Are we good?    Good morning, Chairman and Ranking Member Cummings and members of the committee. I am pleased to be here today to discuss the FOIA and the Department of Justice's ongoing efforts to encourage agency compliance with a very important law.    There are several areas of success that I'd like to highlight today. Despite receiving continued record high numbers of FOIA requests and operating at the lowest staffing levels in the past 6 fiscal years, agencies have continued to find ways to improve their FOIA administration. Seventy-two out of the 100 agencies subject to the FOIA ended the fiscal year with low backlogs of fewer than 100 requests. Processing nearly 650,000 requests, the government also continued to maintain a high release rate of over 91 percent.    Agencies overall also continued to improve their processing times. For a number of years, OIP has encouraged agencies to focus on their simple track requests, with a goal of processing those requests within an average of 20 working days. And I'm very pleased to report that this past fiscal year the government's overall average was 20.5 days for those simple track requests.    And there's also many other achievements that simply can't be captured by statistics. Agencies continue to post a wide variety of information online in open formats. They're making discretionary releases of otherwise exempt information. They're utilizing technology to help improve FOIA administration.    The Department of Justice continued to work diligently throughout the year to both encourage and assist agencies in their compliance with the FOIA. I firmly believe that it's vital that FOIA professionals have a complete understanding of the law's legal requirements and the many policy considerations that contribute to successful FOIA administration. So, as a result, one of the primary ways my office encourages compliance is through the offering of a range of government-wide training programs and the issuance of policy guidance on FOIA.    In 2014 alone, my office provided training to thousands of individuals on a range of topics, including comprehensive guidance on the FOIA's proactive disclosure provisions. That guidance included strategies for identifying frequently requested records, and it also encourages agencies to post records even before receipt of a single request, in accordance with the President's and Attorney General's FOIA directives.    And I'm particularly pleased to highlight for you today the substantial progress that we have made on a number of initiatives to modernize the FOIA.    First, in collaboration with the 18F team at GSA, we've been working on the creation of a consolidated FOIA portal that will be added to the resources that are available on FOIA.gov. This service will allow the public to make a request to any agency from a single Web site and will also include additional tools to improve the customer experience.    Second, OIP has been working on the potential content of a core FOIA regulation. We formed an interagency task force to tackle this project. We've met with civil society organizations to get their input. And our team is actually now hard at work drafting language for this important new initiative. We look forward to our engagement with both civil society and our agency colleagues as we work forward on that project.    Now, third, in an effort to improve internal best practices, we launched what we're calling a series of best practices workshops. And we started there with the very important topic of improving timeliness and reducing backlogs. These workshops provide a unique opportunity for agencies to learn from one another and to apply innovative strategies more broadly across the government.    And then, finally, just this past March, I'm very pleased that we completed our commitment to enhance FOIA training by making standard e-learning training resources available to all Federal employees. Embracing Attorney General Holder's message that FOIA is everyone's responsibility, these new training resources target the entire spectrum of Federal employees, from the newly arrived intern to the senior executive. These training resources are available to all agency personnel anywhere in the world and at no cost. They address the FOIA's many procedural and substantive requirements, but they also emphasize the importance of good communication with requesters and good customer service--very important topics. Given how important all of this is to the successful implementation of the FOIA, I'm very proud that OIP can provide these resources to all government officials across the world.    So, in closing, in the face of many challenges this past fiscal year, agencies have achieved successes in many areas. And while we certainly believe there's more work to be done and we're continually looking for ways to improve the process, we're proud of what we've done so far, and we look forward to working with the committee as we jointly pursue the goal of improving access to information.    Thank you.    Ms. Pustay. I didn't. I didn't watch it, but I was keeping up with it throughout the afternoon.    Ms. Pustay. I don't know if I'd agree with that. I respectfully don't agree with that characterization. I understand, though, let me say this, I understand that requesters have examples of things that are frustrating experiences.    Ms. Pustay. Right. We do an assessment every year.    Ms. Pustay. Well, we have, if you look at the assessment, you'll see we have a range of milestones, over 20-some milestones, so we rank and score agencies on a whole bunch of things.    Ms. Pustay. The Justice Department scores quite well on those milestones.    Ms. Pustay. I actually for the past 2 years, Congressman, have been working collaboratively with representatives from civil society to set the milestones. It's actually been a joint effort.    Ms. Pustay. Right. No, of course not, of course not.    Ms. Pustay. No, of course not as well.    Ms. Pustay. Right. I think that it's important to look at areas that need improvement in FOIA.    Ms. Pustay. We don't--we endorse----    Ms. Pustay. Of course not.    Ms. Pustay. Of course not.    Ms. Pustay. Of course not. We work hard----    Ms. Pustay. We work hard, we work very hard at my office----    Ms. Pustay. --to promote transparency and promote compliance with the law.    Ms. Pustay. I think what you're asking me is, do we ever respond to requests beyond 20 working days?    Ms. Pustay. The law allows for extensions of time in unusual circumstances.    Ms. Pustay. So I wouldn't characterize it as going beyond the law because the law actually recognizes, in many different aspects, the FOIA recognizes the reality, Congressman, of the need for agencies to take more time to respond to certain requests that are voluminous, for example.    Ms. Pustay. Sure.    Ms. Pustay. Sure.    Ms. Pustay. Sure. The way the timing provision is set out in the FOIA is it's in section 6. There's a basic response time of 20 working days. There's a provision to ask for 10 additional days.    Ms. Pustay. And then there's a whole series of steps that agencies can take if they need beyond the additional 10 days. There's a whole series of things that agencies can do.    Ms. Pustay. Absolutely.    Ms. Pustay. Absolutely. I'll send you the paragraph that says----    Ms. Pustay. What I know is in there is a provision that allows for an extension beyond 30 working days.    Ms. Pustay. Of course.    Ms. Pustay. That's correct.    Ms. Pustay. Right.    Ms. Pustay. Exactly.    Ms. Pustay. Yes.    Ms. Pustay. Correct. That's issued to everyone.    Ms. Pustay. That's correct.    Ms. Pustay. Well, I can tell you that the challenges that we've identified, that agencies are facing with backlogs are, number one, as you already have mentioned, the steady increase in incoming requests. Secondly, staffing has been at its lowest level. This past fiscal year it was lower than it's been for 6 years. So resources, hiring freezes, government shutdowns where requests can come in but there is no one at the government that can process them, they all impact backlog.    Ms. Pustay. Right.    Ms. Pustay. Well, it's certainly not the size of OIP. We're about 43 people at OIP. I think you're talking about----    Ms. Pustay. Yes. So definitely the staffing levels across the government have decreased.    Ms. Pustay. We are trying very hard to find ways to gain efficiencies in processing, utilizing technology, and that's a big factor that we've been--a big area where we've been putting a lot of emphasis. And there are efficiencies to be gained with technology. But at the end of the day you do need trained FOIA professionals who can analyze documents for disclosability, and so there's just no substitute for personnel to actually handle requests.    Ms. Pustay. I think having resources for both staff and technology together would be a very effective way.    Ms. Pustay. Mr. Chairman, if I could just correct the characterization. When I'm giving the figure about staffing being decreased, I'm giving an overall number. The number of requests overall has increased, overall staff has decreased.    Ms. Pustay. I am giving the figure for overall. Each agency reports in their annual FOIA report their number of FOIA staffing, so it's very easy to look, right on foia.gov, to see which agencies increased, which decreased, the exact numbers for all of them. It's all publicly available.    Ms. Pustay. My statement is, and I'm sorry that it's misunderstood, was that overall staffing has decreased. Government figure overall. That's what I'm talking about.    Ms. Pustay. Thank you.    Ms. Pustay. Absolutely. Thank you.    Ms. Pustay. I'm not prepared to comment on any specific legislation, Congressman.    Ms. Pustay. I certainly can speak to some of the concepts that you just mentioned.    Ms. Pustay. Well, I think one of the key things that we've been doing, just to take an example, after meeting with civil society representatives during my tenure as Director of OIP, I have been very impacted by the fact that the basic concept of better communication can really go a long way to making the FOIA process seem more understandable and flow more smoothly and prevent disputes from happening.    So in that sense it has been a focus of mine. I have done two separate guidance articles on the importance of good customer service and making sure that requesters understand what's happening with their request, that they have a point of contact at an agency.    Ms. Pustay. Yes, sir.    Ms. Pustay. Absolutely. Absolutely.    Ms. Pustay. I'm not prepared today to answer any specific questions about a specific legislative proposal. But what I can tell you is that chief FOIA officers, who are designated high-level officials within each agency, designated by law with the FOIA as it currently exists, I think really hold the key to helping improve FOIA across the government, and we do a lot to work with chief FOIA officers. Because the idea there is that you want a high-level official in every agency who has authority and responsibility to make sure that the FOIA operations have sufficient staffing, have sufficient attention, have the resources that they need to operate.    And gearing off that important role that a chief FOIA officer plays, starting in 2009 with Attorney General Holder's guidelines, we created a mechanism called the Chief FOIA Officer Report, and every year we ask, we at OIP, at the Department of Justice, we ask chief FOIA officers to report to us every year on the steps they have taken to improve FOIA compliance. And we address a range of issues, use of technology, proactive disclosures, timeliness in responding to a request. And every year we have been changing the metrics that we ask and the questions that we ask of those chief FOIA officers, because as we see FOIA processes improve, or as we see steps taken to improve FOIA, we want to keep pushing agencies to do more and to do better. So it is an evolving process for us.    So I think that we have a lot of really good mechanisms in place right now that take advantage of the position of the chief FOIA officer.    Ms. Pustay. I mean, I can certainly tell you that we definitely think that's incredibly important, and we have many mechanisms to share best practices. We have what I mentioned in my testimony, was the creation of a Best Practices Workshop Series where the whole idea is to identify a topic. And as I mentioned, our very first topic was improving timeliness and reducing backlogs. And then identify agencies that have achieved success in that area, and then have them come and speak to a gathering of anyone, every interested agency employee, and share their best practices so that we can leverage success across the government.    Then what we have done at OIP is take that even further in that we have created a dedicated Web page on OIP's Web site connected to the Best Practices Workshop Series where we list the best practices that came out of each of these sessions. We have also issued guidance in relation to the best practices.    So it's something that we have been doing already for a full year now, and we feel that it's been very successful, and it's a very important way to have agencies be able to capitalize on the good things and the innovations that one another is doing.    Ms. Pustay. Are you asking me?    Ms. Pustay. I can let you know that Attorney General Holder used an official DOJ account.    Ms. Pustay. Same as well. She is using an official DOJ account.    Ms. Pustay. No, of course not. What we do every day at OIP is work very hard to try to help agencies improve their administration of the FOIA, and we do that through a number of ways. And we want fundamentally for all agency professionals who are handling FOIA requests to understand the law and understand their obligations. And that is why we focus so much on training and why we're so happy that we were able to complete e-learning training resources that are now available to anyone, anywhere in the world, free of charge, because at its foundation we need trained FOIA professionals.    But we also want to make sure that there is good customer service, as I mentioned, so that requesters understand the process and know what's happening. We also want to use technology to find greater efficiencies in processing FOIA requests so that we can proceed more quickly.    So there are a lot of things that we can do, and we are trying very hard to help agencies do better.    Ms. Pustay. I mean, respectfully, Congressman, that is really just not accurate. The number of lawsuits is really small in comparison to the number of requests we get, 700,000 requests, 400-some lawsuits. So it is like 1 percent of requests go to lawsuits.    We don't want anybody to have to go. It is an important right to have a judicial review of an agency's action, but of course we don't want requesters to feel that that is where they have to go.    Ms. Pustay. We're constantly looking for ways to improve it, and we constantly want things to be faster.    I just also want to say that in terms of the results of litigation, the Administrative Conference on U.S. Courts, ACUS, did a study of just that exact point, of who prevails and who doesn't prevail in FOIA lawsuits, and they found that year after year the government prevailed in FOIA lawsuits over 80 percent of the time. So I want to correct that misstatement that was conveyed to you.    Ms. Pustay. It is not that the system is broken. The system works well for many requesters. And, I mean, since 2009 agencies have responded to nearly 4 million requests. So every time a student gets their information for their paper or a reporter gets information for his article, that's a success story for FOIA.    But at the same time I'm not saying there are not problems, and I'm not saying there are not areas where we can improve, and that is what I try to focus on in my office really every single day, is to try to help agencies improve.    Ms. Pustay. I do. I absolutely do.    Ms. Pustay. I live in the real world, Congressman.    Ms. Pustay. Right. We are constantly evaluating, not just how we do at DOJ----    Ms. Pustay. That's not true at all.    Ms. Pustay. You aren't looking at the whole of all the different categories.    Ms. Pustay. We have green for proactive disclosures. Proactive disclosures are making available to the public information----    Ms. Pustay. Exactly.    Ms. Pustay. Responding to requests.    Ms. Pustay. What you are talking about, I think, is a really important improvement to FOIA administration, and we do have within OIP the tools that are more sophisticated tools that are used in the e-discovery context which allow individual email accounts to be dumped or to be collected into one bucket.    Ms. Pustay. Well, I don't think it's called a universal index, but we have tools that allow us----    Ms. Pustay. We have tools that allow us to search multiple email custodians simultaneously.    Ms. Pustay. We do sometimes. We would only search case files if case files were relevant to a particular FOIA request. We have lots of different offices.    What I want to emphasize is that technology is incredibly important to FOIA administration, and we have been at the forefront for pushing for use of more sophisticated technology to process and handle FOIA requests. We did a pilot at DOJ several years ago to show the benefits of being able to do things like searching multiple custodians at the same time.    Ms. Pustay. Sure.    Ms. Pustay. What I can tell you is that the process of consulting with other agencies, which includes the White House, has not changed. This memo reflects the same practice that we have had administration to administration. I have been doing this a long time. And the word equity is really just sort of a more modern term. But what is captured by the memo and what has been consistent from administration to administration is that when an agency finds communications that originated with another entity or that reflect a communication with the other entity, that's when an agency as a matter of good practice consults with that other entity to get their views on the sensitivity of the material. And oftentimes that can include, of course, getting their views that it's okay to release the material. So it's communications is what happens, the memo.    Ms. Pustay. I can speak obviously just to FOIA requests. I don't know the percentage of requests that have the equity of any particular----    Ms. Pustay. Right. As I mentioned, I was updated throughout the day on the testimony.    Ms. Pustay. Certainly.    Ms. Pustay. I think the number one thing from our perspective is that we really appreciate and need the support of Congress for adequate resources for FOIA. That will help us both with personnel and with IT. They're both inextricably intertwined.    Ms. Pustay. And training as well, although we feel as though we've done very well with training with the resources we've just made available. We've been encouraging agencies to do training. We're now asking agencies and getting a very good response that agencies are giving their employees substantive FOIA training, and we ourselves provide training to thousands of personnel every year.    So training I think we have handled, I think in the sense that we can do that now, and we're continuing to focus on that.