    Mr. Jaffe. Chairman Pitts, Ranking Member Green, I want to thank the House Committee on Energy and Commerce and the Subcommittee on Health for having today's hearing and inviting me as a witness on behalf of the Center for Science in the Public Interest.    The issues surrounding the proper role of the Federal Government in the oversight of genetically engineered crops and the labeling of foods made with or without ingredients from those crops are issues of obvious public concern that Congress needs to address. It is critical that the Federal Government ensures that all GE crops are safe and that whatever information is provided to consumers about foods and ingredients made from those crops be truthful, neutral, and nonmisleading. I am here today as the director of CSPI's biotechnology project. CSPI is a nonprofit consumer organization established 44 years ago. CSPI works primarily on food safety and nutrition and publishes our nutrition action newsletter to educate consumers on issues surrounding diet and health. CSPI receives no funding from industry or the Federal Government.    CSPI has long advised consumers, journalists, and policymakers that foods and ingredients from currently grown GE crops are safe to eat. The current crops have also provided tremendous benefits to farmers and the environment in both the United States and around the world. CSPI has advocated for improvements in current Federal oversight to ensure safety to humans, animals, the environment, and agriculture.    I will limit my testimony today to the Federal Government's oversight of food and feed safety issues, which are the primarily responsibility of the FDA and directly related to this hearing. FDA ensures the safety of food under the Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act. Under that law, FDA has established a voluntary consultation process whereby developers of GE seeds can provide FDA with safety data and their analysis of those data to show FDA that the crop is substantially equivalent to its conventional counterpart.    When FDA consultation is completed, FDA responds that the seed developer by stating in a letter that FDA has ``No further questions about the developer's determination that the GE crop is substantially equivalent to its conventional counterpart.''    CSPI believes that FDA should determine the safety of all GE food crops before foods from those crops enter our food supply. FDA should review the safety data submitted by the developer, conduct its own analysis of that data, and provide the developer and the public with its opinion on whether foods from GE crops are safe to eat by humans and animals. That would be consistent with how most other countries ensure the safety of GE crops.    H.R. 1599 goes only a small step towards what we believe is the proper role of FDA to ensure the safety of GE crops and the foods made from them. H.R. 1599 would codify the current FDA voluntary consultation process. It does not require, however, FDA to provide its opinion on each particular GE crop safety. In addition, it does not put the burden of proof on the notifier to satisfy FDA that the GE food crops or foods and ingredients made from the crops are safe before marketing the GE crop.    The recently announced amendments to H.R. 1599 does not correct those major deficiencies and does not grant FDA any new legal authority to ensure that GE food crops are safe. Instead, it amends the Plant Protection Act to state that a GE crop that has been granted nonregulated status under USDA regulations cannot be marketed in interstate commerce until the USDA has received from the developer the ``no further questions'' letter it receives from FDA. FDA would still not need to make its own independent determination that the GE food crops meet the safety standard, and the amendment does not provide FDA with the needed authority to prevent foods or ingredients from GE crops from entering the food supply until the notifier satisfies FDA of their safety.    H.R. 1599 and the amendment provides USDA's agricultural marketing service with unique legal authority to establish a certification and labeling system for food manufacturers who wish to label foods that either contain or do not contain ingredients from GE crops. CSPI supports the Federal Government's oversight of GE and non-GE labels to ensure they are truthful, neutral, and nonmisleading. There is no standard definition of what it means to be a non-GMO, no standard way to describe that claim in a neutral manner, and no way for the consumers to know if that claim is accurate.    While CSPI believes that there is no benefit to consumers from avoiding foods that contain ingredients from GE crops, CSPI understands that some consumers do want to buy such foods. The system that would be implemented at USDA if Congress passed H.R. 1599 would go a long way towards uniform labels with verifiable, nonmisleading claims.    Therefore, CSPI endorses that portion of this legislation. I thank the committee for allowing me to testify, and I am happy to answer questions.    Mr. Jaffe. No.    Mr. Jaffe. No.    Mr. Jaffe. For the current crops that have been grown and are being grown, I would answer no. But for each future crop, we need to look at those on a case-by-case basis.    Mr. Jaffe. I am not aware of any, but when you genetically engineer a crop, what you are doing is adding some DNA that might produce a protein. And we do know that some proteins can be allergens to humans. So I do think we need to check those to make sure for example that does not occur for a new genetically engineered crop.    Mr. Jaffe. So FDA looks at data from the companies on a voluntary basis concurrently, and H.R. 1599 would make that process mandatory. What I think is missing is FDA giving its opinion on the safety of that food.    Mr. Jaffe. I am not aware of any harm.    Mr. Jaffe. So thank you very much for the question.    I agree with you that FDA is clearly the agency in the government with the expertise on food safety. And if there is any agency that should be deciding the safety of GM crops or anything that goes in our food supply, it should be the FDA, and I believe that they do have that expertise. So I agree with you that they have the expertise and they are using that in this consultation process.    But I think this consultation process works only because of the good nature of the companies that are coming forward with these genetically engineered seeds, with that data. They are not required by law to do that. And while there are lots of incentives for companies that are based in the United States to do that, that may not be the case for imported foods that come in from other countries.    So I can give you an example of China, which is now spending $300 million a year doing research on genetically engineered crops. And so they may be soon growing a genetically engineered rice variety, and that rice variety may get turned into different food products that get imported into the United States. And those companies may not think of the voluntary process as mandatory. And FDA may not know about those because they weren't homegrown products that started with research trials in a company or at a university here in the United States. So USDA may not be aware of those.    And so FDA needs those tools to deal with those imports that come into this country. They need that authority to make sure that something is overseeing that those foods are safe.    Mr. Jaffe. That is one thing, and also on the exports. I do a lot of work in developing countries and around the world, and we do a lot of exports of our genetically engineered crops. And those countries can't look to the FDA decision. There is no opinion from FDA that these are safe.    And so those countries--many of our exporters from the U.S. would like to say to those countries, ``Please defer to FDA here. They have shown that this is safe.'' And many countries in the world do that with lots of other foods or drugs that the U.S. does approve. But, in this case, because there is no approval, they can't do that, and so they have to have their own process.    So it hurts both our exports as well as our imports.    Mr. Jaffe. So, thank you for that question.    CSPI has been a strong proponent of labeling as something very informative to consumers and important, but that labeling has to be truthful, neutral, and nonmisleading. I think that is critical.    We have also been a strong believer that only the most important information should be mandated by the government. So if we are talking about safety information, whether something is an allergen, for example, would be something that, if people don't know about that, they could end up in the hospital about that; or nutritional information, how much salt or how much calories are in it, because that has a direct relationship to their diet.    As you said, genetically engineered foods are--the current ones that are on the crop are safe. And so there is no safety or nutritional reason to label those.    So, while we support the idea that there should be transparency and consumers who want to find that information about where their food comes from should be allowed to do that, I guess our view is that, in terms of when the government mandates labeling, those should be left for the most critical pieces of information. If we mandate everything on a label, the consumers don't know what is the most critical information.    So, for us, the things that are most critical are either safety information or nutritional information. This doesn't qualify there. So, while we think and we understand the consumers want information about this, we think that there should be ways to figure that out less than mandatory, government-imposed labels.    Mr. Jaffe. So I think we don't have a good idea of what consumer demands really are. So there are a number of polls, and if you ask the question, do you want GE labeling, most consumers say yes. If you ask them do they want pesticides labeled, they say yes; if you want antibiotics labeled, they say yes. And as a consumer myself, if somebody offered me more information, why would I say no to that?    But there is a Rutgers poll where they asked open-ended, what new information would you want on the label, and I believe it was 7 percent who said GM labeling. And, again, when they asked people what do they want for all of those different things I just mentioned, everybody said 70 percent for each of those.    So I guess I am not convinced that there is an overwhelming number of consumers. And I think most of those polls show--the Rutgers poll, which I think is a good, independent poll--and I am happy to submit that to the committee.    Mr. Jaffe. That two-thirds of consumers haven't even had a discussion about this in the last 3 years and don't know about it.    So providing information without knowledge about what that information means can inherently be misleading.    Mr. Jaffe. So an organic product, there is an actual definition. So USDA has a definition of what is organic.    Mr. Jaffe. And if you follow that definition, then you can call your food organic in the United States. And those have certain procedures that have to be followed, certain rules that have to be followed. It is not based on science. It is based on did you follow the rule.    Mr. Jaffe. So, currently now, there is no uniform definition of what non-GMO is.    Mr. Jaffe. So there are private certifiers, such as the Non-GMO Project, which have their own definition of it. There are other companies that have come up with their own. And there are countries that call non-GMO--sometimes they use a 1-percent threshold, sometimes they use a 0.9-percent threshold----    Mr. Jaffe . A host of different things. So that is not uniform.    Mr. Jaffe. I think it is Congress' role, I think it is CSPI's role and everybody else to provide the facts to consumers out there. I think the current crops that are engineered are safe, and I think generally this is a safe technology, but you have to look at each application on a case-by-case basis.    Mr. Jaffe. So that the consumers have truthful, non-misleading information about material issues that are important.    Mr. Jaffe. Yes. That is correct.    Mr. Jaffe. Sure.    Mr. Jaffe. Sure. Thank you very much for that question.    The FDA letter that comes back at the end of these consultations says--and I am sort of paraphrasing here but sort of quoting--it says, ``The FDA has no further questions at this time about your determination that you think the food is safe. You are responsible for safe food.'' So the developers, Monsanto or DuPont, that is what the ``you'' would be referring to in that case.    So the public looks at that letter and says, FDA is not saying it is safe; FDA is saying you have to rely on Monsanto's determination that this is safe. And so I think that may not be an issue of actual safety, but it is an issue of perception of that. So FDA it not giving its opinion at all about that safety.    When you look at--and the Congressman from Oregon mentioned his state had a referendum on mandatory labeling. There have been four states that have had those referendums. When you ask the consumers--and almost 50 percent voted for those--why did they vote for those, they say, ``Because we weren't sure these foods are safe. We want to avoid them because we are not sure they are safe.''    So the solution to that is not to label at the back end; the solution is for FDA to confirm to consumers that those foods are safe on an individual, case-by-case basis for each individual product. And so I think that is what every other country in the world does in this area before they approve genetically engineered foods. Their food safety authority equivalent to FDA does it.    And what is ironic about it, in the United States, USDA, you can't plant one of these crops without USDA saying they are safe, but we can eat the foods from them without FDA saying they are safe. That is not a product of a policy decision. It is a product of using old laws and fitting new technology into that. And I think----    Mr. Jaffe. Yes. If the bill was passed, I do think it is important that for foods that are labeled non-GMO, that there is a Federal standard for that. Because right now consumers aren't necessarily getting what they are paying for.    So, again, I would say there is no need for a consumer to want to purchase non-GMO food, but there are consumers who want to do that. I think you do need a Federal standard for setting what that means.