    Chairman  Fitzpatrick. The Task Force to Investigate Terrorism Financing will come to order. The title of today's task force hearing is, ``Could America Do More? An Examination of U.S. Efforts to Stop the Financing of Terror.''    Without objection, the Chair is authorized to declare a recess of the task force at any time.    Also, without objection, members of the full Financial Services Committee who are not members of the task force may participate in today's hearing for the purpose of questioning the witnesses.    The Chair now recognizes himself for 3 minutes for an opening statement.    As expert witnesses in prior hearings have correctly noted, the threat of new, expansive criminal networks capable of self-funding and financing terror is a very real risk around the globe. From the Middle East to South America to the U.S. financial institutions, the threats posed by an evolving sphere of terror syndicates require a robust response both internationally and domestically. While the United States has significant tools at its disposal to degrade and inhibit terrorist financing and money laundering, it is unclear to what extent such tools have been effectively utilized.    As part of this task force's vital mission, today's hearing will examine the current state of counterterrorist financing efforts within the Federal Government to ensure that they are meeting their intended purpose and, should they not be, to identify areas which need improvement.    Furthermore, it must prepare us to evaluate the degree of cooperation between the various Federal agencies involved in countering terrorist financing and assess whether there should be more involvement between the government and the private sector to increase successful outcomes. Throughout the life of this task force, we have heard from a myriad of experienced professionals who have expressed insight from both the public and the private sectors. There have been several mentions of legislative actions Congress could take to strengthen U.S. anti-money laundering and counterterror finance measures, such as revising the Bank Secrecy Act to allow greater communication and data sharing among banks or amending beneficial ownership and control rules to ensure local and State enforcement personnel have the ability to get information pertinent to any AML/CTF investigation.    Improving the U.S. counterterrorism finance capabilities could be a simple matter of increased funding for agencies which are currently overwhelmed. Since its inception, FinCEN has taken on an increasing number of responsibilities, thanks in part to the ever-evolving field of cyber warfare, payment systems, and the inclusion of policing money services businesses. With the addition of so many responsibilities, isn't it necessary to provide additional resources to ensure effective implementation?    This is a small selection of topics I wish to discuss with our panel today. This task force has clearly sounded the alarm of the threat posed by self-financing terrorist organizations and must ensure every option is considered in the U.S. response to this danger. Today's hearing is an important part of accomplishing the mission of this group in better protecting American lives from increasingly well-funded and financed terror syndicates. I look forward to the testimony of our witnesses and the discussion between our Members.    I now recognize for an opening statement the ranking member of the task force, the gentleman from Massachusetts, Mr. Lynch.    Chairman  Fitzpatrick. I now recognize for an opening statement the vice chairman of the task force, the gentleman from North Carolina, Mr. Pittenger, for 2 minutes.    Chairman  Fitzpatrick. I now recognize the gentlelady from Arizona, Ms. Sinema, for an opening statement.    Chairman  Fitzpatrick. We now welcome our witnesses.    And I recognize Mr. Rothfus of Pennsylvania for the purpose of introducing his constituent from Pennsylvania.    Chairman  Fitzpatrick. Welcome, Mr. Larkin.    Mr. Scott Modell is managing director at the Rapidan Group. Mr. Modell is a highly decorated former Central Intelligence Agency officer who served for 13 years in the Directorate of Operations with five tours conducting Iranian operations in Latin America, Western Europe, and the Middle East. He also participated in post-9/11 operations in Afghanistan as a member of paramilitary counterterrorism teams composed of CIA officers and local Afghan forces. Mr. Modell is fluent in Spanish, Farsi, and Portuguese, and received his master's degree from the Georgetown School of Foreign Service.    Dr. Louise Shelley is founder and director of the Terrorism Transnational Crime and Corruption Center at George Mason University. Dr. Shelley is also the Omer L. And Nancy Hirst Endowed Chair and professor at George Mason University. Dr. Shelley is a leading expert on the relationship between terrorism, organized crime, and corruption, as well as human trafficking, transnational crime, and terrorism. From 1995 until 2014, Dr. Shelley ran programs in Russia and Ukraine, with leading specialists on the problems of organized crime and corruption. Dr. Shelley holds a master's degree in criminology and a Ph.D. in sociology, both from the University of Pennsylvania. She received her undergraduate degree from Cornell University in Russian literature and penology.    Elizabeth Rosenberg is the senior fellow and director of the Energy, Economics, and Security Program at the Center for a New American Security. Ms. Rosenberg served as a senior advisor at the U.S. Department of the Treasury, where she helped to develop and implement financial and energy sanctions. She also helped to formulate anti-money laundering and counterterrorist financing policy and oversee financial regulatory enforcement activities. Ms. Rosenberg received an MA in Near Eastern Studies from New York University and a BA in politics and religion from Oberlin College.    The witnesses will now be recognized for 5 minutes each to give an oral presentation of their written testimony.    And without objection, the witnesses' written statements will be made a part of the record. Once the witnesses have finished presenting their testimony, each member of the task force will have 5 minutes within which to ask questions. On your table, there are three lights: green; yellow; and red. Yellow means you have 1 minute remaining. And red means your time is up. The microphone is sensitive, so please make sure you are speaking directly into it.    With that, Mr. Modell, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Welcome.    Chairman  Fitzpatrick. Thank you, Mr. Modell.    Dr. Shelley, you are now recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman  Fitzpatrick. Thank you, Dr. Shelley.    Mr. Larkin, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman  Fitzpatrick. Thank you.    And, finally, Ms. Rosenberg, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman  Fitzpatrick. Thank you, Ms. Rosenberg, and I thank all of the witnesses for not just your testimony, but also for the many different roles you have played, and for your service to our Nation in protecting the safety and security of our institutions, and ultimately our citizens and our country.    I now recognize myself for 5 minutes. Each of the members of the task force will have 5 minutes to ask questions.    Each of you, in your testimony, has identified challenges or gaps in anti-money laundering and counterterror financing efforts and laws currently on the books here in the United States.    Mr. Larkin, you have identified a 501(c)(3), sort of a private effort in which you have engaged. And I just want to start by asking you to identify those gaps in policy that the NCFTA, the National Cyber Forensics and Training Alliance, seeks to address.    Chairman  Fitzpatrick. Dr. Shelley, you testified that you believe that U.S. efforts to date have been more reactive than proactive. And you actually identified a gap that you see and you identified the PATRIOT Act in the real estate space, a loophole that is being exploited by those who want to do us harm. And I would ask each of the witnesses, if you could, to identify the gap that you think is most serious, and a legislative fix, if you have one, a suggestion that you might make, whether regulatory or legislative, I will say.    And we will start with Mr. Modell.    Chairman  Fitzpatrick. Mr. Modell, do you see the Treasury officials who are serving us overseas in different embassies more as representatives or diplomats or law enforcement?    Chairman  Fitzpatrick. Dr. Shelley?    Chairman  Fitzpatrick. Mr. Larkin?    Chairman  Fitzpatrick. Thank you.    Ms. Rosenberg?    Chairman  Fitzpatrick. Have you taken a look at any legislation currently pending here in Congress? There are some bills.    Chairman  Fitzpatrick. I thank the witnesses again.    And I will recognize Mr. Lynch for 5 minutes.    Chairman  Fitzpatrick. The vice chairman of the task force, Mr. Pittenger, is recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman  Fitzpatrick. We have been joined by the ranking member of the full Financial Services Committee, Ms. Waters, and I recognize her for questions.    Ms.  Waters. We better start thinking about that. Thank you very much.    I yield back the balance of my time.    Chairman  Fitzpatrick. The gentleman from Pennsylvania, Mr. Rothfus, is recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman  Fitzpatrick. The gentleman's time has expired.    The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from New York, Mr. Meeks, for 5 minutes.    Chairman  Fitzpatrick. The gentleman's time has expired.    I recognize the gentleman from Florida, Mr. Ross, for 5 minutes.    Chairman  Fitzpatrick. I'm sorry?    Chairman  Fitzpatrick. Yes, it is.    Chairman  Fitzpatrick. The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Texas, Mr. Green, for 5 minutes.    Chairman  Fitzpatrick. The gentleman from Arkansas, Mr. Hill, is recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman  Fitzpatrick. The Chair will now recognize the gentleman from Texas, Mr. Williams, for 5 minutes.    Chairman  Fitzpatrick. The gentleman from California, Mr. Sherman, is recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman  Fitzpatrick. The gentleman from Kentucky, Mr. Barr, is recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman  Fitzpatrick. The gentleman from Minnesota, Mr. Ellison, is recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman  Fitzpatrick. The gentleman from Arizona, Mr. Schweikert, is recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman  Fitzpatrick. The gentleman from Ohio, Mr. Stivers, is recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman  Fitzpatrick. Without objection, two additional Members will be recognized for follow-up questions, beginning with the ranking member, Mr. Lynch.    Chairman  Fitzpatrick. The vice chairman of the task force, Mr. Pittenger, is recognized as well.    Chairman  Fitzpatrick. The gentleman yields back.    With that, the questions are completed for the hearing today. I do want to thank the witnesses here today. You have identified some risks, some gaps in our system. You have identified some potential legislative fixes. And you have been very responsive. So we appreciate your time and your service.    And I have to say that during our 6 months of hearings, we have had some outstanding panelists who have come to help us to do our work, which we believe is important. And we know that you believe that as well.    And during those 6 months, in my work with Ranking Member Lynch, Vice Chairman Pittenger, and really all the members of the task force, there has been no light between us on the work that is set out before us, identifying the gaps, finding the solutions, protecting our people, our country, and our constituents, including our constituents who work in the important financial service areas and industries, not just in this country but abroad. So all of you have helped us do that.    And I do want to recognize the hard work of the committee staff, especially Mr. Joe Pinder, Mr. Bill You, Chris Matarangas, of my staff, the staff of the ranking member, Mr. Lynch, and all the members of the committee, of course, without which the staff, I am sure we agree that we wouldn't--    Chairman  Fitzpatrick. We appreciate all that work. And I think we all agree we still have a lot of work to do. And you have helped us accomplish that.    The Chair notes that some Members may have additional questions for this panel, which they may wish to submit in writing. Without objection, the hearing record will remain open for 5 legislative days for Members to submit written questions to these witnesses and to place their responses in the record. Also, without objection, Members will have 5 legislative days to submit extraneous materials to the Chair for inclusion in the record.    So with that, the hearing is adjourned. Thank you.