    Mr. Rothfus. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and welcome, Mr. Secretary. I want to call your attention to a recent Politico magazine article entitled, ``The Real Bank of America.'' This article highlights the fact that the Federal Government has $3 trillion in loans on the books. In addition, the article discussed the September 2013 taxpayer bailout of the FHA which cost Americans $1.7 billion. It cited HUD's former Chief Financial Officer saying that, ``In fact, the FHA has been receiving silent taxpayer-funded bailouts throughout President Obama's first term, bailouts that went unnoticed because of the odd process the government uses to calculate the budget costs of credit programs.'' Could you elaborate further on what the former HUD CFO in the article was referring to?    Mr. Rothfus. I want to talk a little bit about what you are referring to with the $70 billion-plus. In fact, the article went on to say that the well-publicized $1.7 billion figure ignored tens of billions of additional dollars in unpublicized budget re-estimates after FHA mortgage losses repeatedly turned out worse than expected. Re-estimates don't require a public announcement or a congressional appropriation. Agencies just use what is known as their ``permanent and definite authority'' to stick the shortfalls on the government's tab. ``That's real money,'' is what the HUD former CFO said. Quote: ``They forecast bogus profits every year and when it turns out they are way off, they just say oh, well.'' Re-estimates of FHA losses have produced $73 billion worth of, ``Oh, well,'' since credit reform, most of it since the housing bust.    Is that really the attitude that the FHA should have about taxpayer balance, ``Oh, well?''    Mr. Rothfus. We talked a bit about today about trying to get to the 2 percent requirement that you are supposed to have. Can you assure the committee that the FHA will not need another taxpayer bailout?    Mr. Rothfus. We talked a little bit earlier about--I think you testified that the average was what, $900 in savings because of reducing the premium from 1.35 down to .85?    Mr. Rothfus. What is the average mortgage that you are talking about, mortgage size that is recognizing that kind of savings?    Mr. Rothfus. So for the average $180,000, you are testifying that the average savings can be $900?    Mr. Rothfus. Okay. Thank you. I yield back.