    Mr. Lipinski. Thank you, Chairman Weber, and thank you, Chairman and Ranking Member Grayson, for holding this hearing.    It's my honor to introduce Dr. George Crabtree, who's the Director of Joint Center for Energy Storage Research, or JCESR, at Argonne National Lab, which is in my district. He's also a distinguished Professor of Physics, Electrical and Mechanical Engineering at the University of Illinois at Chicago, serving as a bridge between Argonne and academia. He has won numerous awards for his research including the Kammerlingh Onnes Prize for his work on vortices and high-temperature superconductors. This prestigious prize is awarded once every three years. Dr. Crabtree is the second recipient. He has won the U.S. Department of Energy's Award for Outstanding Scientific Accomplishment in Solid State Physics four times, which is a very notable accomplishment.    Dr. Crabtree has served as Director of the Material Science Division at Argonne. He has published more than 400 papers in leading scientific journals, has collected over 16,000 career citations, has given over 100 invited talks at national and international scientific conferences. His research interests include next-generation battery materials, sustainable energy, energy policy, material science, nanoscale superconductors and magnets, and highly correlated electrons and medals. Dr. Crabtree co-chaired the Under Secretary of Energy's Assessment of DOE's Applied Energy programs.    I want to thank Dr. Crabtree for joining us today and I look forward to your testimony.    Mr. Lipinski. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I'm not sure I can even add anything more. I was going to ask Dr. Crabtree some questions but what more than an endorsement from Dana Rohrabacher could there be? But I'll go ahead anyway.    Battery technology in so many ways we know is critical for a real clean, affordable energy future, and certainly, as Mr. Rohrabacher said, it is a--what's being done at JCESR is certainly what we need to be reaching for. I mean, right now we have Tesla, Google and Apple making investments in energy storage. Tesla announced its giga factory to be completed next year, but we really need to find that breakthrough technology, and I think you did a good job.    My first question was going to be, you know, how the Hub works, it helps towards making a breakthrough but I think you did a very good job of explaining how the Hubs give you the--your Hub gives you the opportunity to be very nimble in what you're doing, so that was a great example of one of the advantages of a Hub.    I want to ask about the connection to industry because I know JCESR has partnered with companies like Dow, Johnson Controls, and Applied Materials. Can you explain how these partnerships help JCESR to span the whole innovation ecosystem and help, you know, look to the future to bring these technologies to the market?    Mr. Lipinski. So have you seen companies make these connections set up locally to have the access? Does that make a difference?    Mr. Lipinski. Thank you. I have a very quick question--I have little time--for Dr. Atwater. I was--it was probably now about 7, eight years ago now, I was at JBEI. So are you working completely--something different than they are?    Mr. Lipinski. Because--go ahead.    Mr. Lipinski. Thank you. I yield back.