    Mr. Duffy. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Grim, thank you for coming in today. I believe this is your first time before the committee. You are doing a great job. Thank you.    Obviously, you have been at the SEC for over 2 decades, so you are very smart, and very well-informed. You were in the bunker during the 2008 financial crisis. And since then, you have been able to see a concerted focus on systemic risk in the financial sector. Both the FSOC and the FSB have been focused in recent years on the asset management industry.    While the SEC is the expert regulator in this segment, the FSOC seems to have a heightened interest in the risk that asset managers pose to the broader global economy. It has been speculated by some that FSOC has a designation of an asset manager as a SIFI at some point in the future.    Now, we know that banks and asset managers operate under distinctly different business models. Do you feel like FSOC members sufficiently understand the asset management industry if they are going to be designating them potentially as a SIFI?    Mr. Grim. With respect to FSOC, I think that it is important that as Congress set up FSOC, it has all of the financial regulators together. And the SEC, with Chair White being the member, it is critical for her to be there offering her subject matter expertise on all issues under sort of SEC market issues, but including the asset management issue that, obviously, I am most familiar with.    Mr. Duffy. I know you are very familiar with it. But it goes back to my question, do you think the FSOC members sufficiently understand the asset management industry? It is kind of a yes-or-no question. You are doing a good job of not really answering the question. Kudos. Do you think they are well-suited?    Mr. Grim. It is hard for me to comment on their level of understanding. But I think the main thing I would emphasize is we are--Chair White is at the table. The SEC is involved in these conversations about asset management sharing.    Mr. Duffy. Do you think they have your kind of knowledge or the Division's knowledge? Are they as well-versed on these issues as you are and your team is?    Mr. Grim. Well, no.    Mr. Duffy. I would agree with that. Good answer.    Now, you had indicated, I think to Mr. Garrett, that you offer your subject matter expertise to FSOC. Do they actually take your advice?    Mr. Grim. When it comes to the asset management issues, we have been at the table. We have been offering our expertise.    Mr. Duffy. Do they take the advice?    Mr. Grim. I think it is fair to say that they--    Mr. Duffy. Kind of yes, kind of no?    Mr. Grim. Look, sometimes we agree, and sometimes we don't agree.    Mr. Duffy. Okay. Fair enough.    Mr. Hurt asked you this question, and I want to come back to it. In all of your expertise, and you agreed and I would agree with you that you are kind of the guy in this space, do you believe that the asset management industry poses a systemic risk to the financial sector?    Mr. Grim. That is ultimately a determination that is up to     Mr. Duffy. Do you think that is a good idea? As an SEC guy, being there for over 20 years, who knows this sector better than anybody else, is it the SEC's position that you should cede this territory to FSOC and they are the ones best positioned to make this determination because you and the Division don't know? Do you think that is the best--is that your position at FSOC? Is that Mary Jo White's position?    Mr. Grim. Obviously, you would have to ask Mary Jo what her position is. I think that what I would say is, look, the crisis, in my view, showed the importance of the financial regulators having a mechanism to sit and share views and that is what Dodd-Frank set up for the--    Mr. Duffy. I know.    Mr. Grim. But obviously, as part of that, we view ourselves as the technical experts on market issues generally and on asset management issues.    Mr. Duffy. And I hope that the SEC would be a little concerned about mission creep and allowing decisions to be made with the technical experts, which is with you, as opposed to folks who do a lot of different things within FSOC but don't have your technical knowledge.    I would ask you, do you think there was some concern when the OFR came out with their report on asset management, how bad it was and how many people disagreed with the assessment? Does that give you some pause with regard to FSOC's capabilities?    Mr. Grim. I think that the recent approach by FSOC where they have sort of shifted to a focus on activities and issued a request for comment on that focus, I think we view that as a shift consistent with how--    Mr. Duffy. Okay. Can I ask one more question, with a quick answer, yes or no? Do you think that Governor Tarullo fully understands the intricacies of the assessment management industry and is working to achieve the best outcome for U.S. companies? Yes or no or maybe?    Mr. Grim. I think I would say that the SEC with Governor Tarullo and the other--any of the FSOC members, so to speak, we are sharing our views with him, sharing our subject matter expertise with him.    Mr. Duffy. I will take that as a no.    I yield back.