    Mr. Goodlatte. I thank Chairman Sensenbrenner for convening this hearing today on the important issue of civil asset forfeiture, and I, along with the gentleman from Wisconsin, the gentlewoman from Texas, Mrs. Jackson Lee; and the gentleman from Michigan, Mr. Conyers; as well as others here today, were all serving on this Committee the last time Congress delved deeply into forfeiture.    In 2000, Congress passed CAFRA, the Civil Asset Forfeiture Reform Act. CAFRA came from a recognition by this Committee and by others that civil asset forfeiture is a useful law enforcement tool, but one that needs to be carefully monitored. That same recognition exists today, but with the understanding that perhaps we need to add to the protections of CAFRA.    Recent reports by The Washington Post, the New Yorker, and others have shown that there are systemic problems in the current system of civil forfeiture. We have heard of citizens losing their car or home when others in their family have been involved in small crimes. We have heard of traffic stops that result in innocent people losing the cash they were carrying to buy a car or for their small business.    These stories, along with the recent Department of Justice Inspector General report on DEA cold consent encounters, have also highlighted the long and complicated process that innocent owners must go through to get their property back. As the report noted, travelers may be under significant pressure to sign away their belongings because of the location of the cold consent encounters. The Inspector General also noted that many citizens are not even aware of which agency seized their property, making contesting the preceding forfeiture action extremely difficult.    I understand two of the witnesses today have represented these innocent owners and are familiar with the procedural morass of the current system. I look forward to hearing from them about how we can change the process to make sure that fewer innocent people are caught in the web of civil forfeiture while making it easier for those who are to be made whole.    I also look forward to hearing from law enforcement. As I said at the beginning, I believe that civil forfeiture, when used appropriately, is a useful law enforcement tool that helps to eliminate the profits from criminal enterprises. Like any law enforcement tool, if used improperly or without significant safeguards, it has the possibility of infringing on the rights of citizens.    The Justice Department, as the largest law enforcement agency in the country, has a vital role to play in this. We have heard a number of problems stemming from Federal adoptions of State seizures. I look forward to hearing from the department about how the recently announced changes to the department's adoption policy will impact the department's law enforcement responsibilities and how the new policy will impact law enforcement.    I also understand there are significant exceptions to the so-called ban on Federal adoptions and look forward to hearing why those exceptions are in place and how wide the exceptions really are and whether or not they are an effective reform.    I am also eager to hear from our local law enforcement officials. As the front line of all efforts to fight crime, it is imperative that we make sure that they have the tools they need to confront the criminal elements within their jurisdiction.    While there have been changes since the passage of CAFRA and many more States now have their own forfeiture laws, the resources of our State and local law enforcement to prosecute forfeiture actions has not increased. I look forward to hearing from Mr. Henderson, a local prosecutor, about the resources at his disposal, how important Federal forfeiture is to policing and law enforcement in his county, and most importantly, how the recently announced DOJ policy will impact his ability to do his job.    I am thankful that we have this opportunity to learn more about current civil forfeiture. I am eager to hear about ways we can strengthen the procedures and policies to make sure that this law enforcement tool can be used without infringing on the rights of ordinary Americans.    I yield back. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Goodlatte. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Actually, two brief personal points of privilege. One, I would like to note that this is the first hearing in which the brand-new portrait of the former Chairman of the Committee and current Ranking Member is hanging in the hearing room, and I want to again commend the gentleman from Michigan for such a wonderful portrait that we are proud to hang in the Committee. Mr. Goodlatte. Secondly, I would like to take note that in the audience today is a prosecutor who is here for a meeting of prosecutors from around the country. Many of them are in town, but I am privileged to have one who is the commonwealth attorney for the City of Lynchburg, Virginia, Mike Doucette. Welcome, we are glad to have you with us here today as well.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Goodlatte. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Blanco, one of the key points from the Inspector General's report on cold consent searches is that the general public doesn't know their rights when confronted in seizure situations and often turns over money because they are pressured or believe they have to do so. And they are, as I noted in my opening statement, in an uncomfortable situation.    What can the Justice Department do to fix this?    Mr. Goodlatte. Let me back up. You are not familiar with the Inspector General's report on----    Mr. Goodlatte. Well, don't you think it would have been a good idea to read that before you came here today?    Mr. Goodlatte. Please do.    Mr. Goodlatte. What about not adopting cases in which certain Federal guidelines have not been followed?    Mr. Goodlatte. Let me stop you, because I have limited time, and go to Ms. Sheth. In his written testimony, Mr. Blanco quotes Justice Kennedy and states, ``No interest of any owner is forfeited if he can show he did not know of or consent to the crime.'' How realistic of a statement is that in practice?    Mr. Goodlatte. Better walk fast because I only have a limited amount of time. Go ahead. Mr. Goodlatte. Okay.    Mr. Goodlatte. Let me follow up with Mr. Smith on that. You note in your testimony that few attorneys or petitioners understand the administrative process to recover seized assets and ask that agencies include a detailed description of the process within their notice of seizure. However, you also note the technicalities of this process make it difficult for attorneys to properly file an appeal.    What changes can we make to the process for administrative forfeitures that will make it more understandable for petitioners and attorneys alike?    Mr. Goodlatte. You have very little time because I have got one more question to ask Mr. Henderson.    Mr. Goodlatte. You are going to have to submit them in writing. I am sorry.    Mr. Henderson, do you have the manpower to prosecute forfeiture cases in your county in the absence of DOJ adoption policies, and what will happen to the cases that DOJ would have taken under the previous policy?    Mr. Goodlatte. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.