    Mr. Palmer. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And Ms. Gray, you mentioned the excessive amounts of overtime. And it has been mentioned several times in this hearing. Do you have an idea of how many overtime hours have been worked annually?    Mr. Palmer. Let me ask you this: If the agents are not logging the hours they are working, does that mean they are uncompensated for overtime?    Mr. Palmer. I don't think I am communicating this correctly. What I am trying to find out is, within your budget process, you have so much budgeted for salaries and benefits and certain professional--certain professions when you work beyond the 8--not beyond 8 hours, but beyond 40 hours, you are compensated for your overtime. Some is time and a half, some is straight time. That is what I am trying to find out.    Mr. Palmer. All right. That is almost 50 percent more than what they normally should work. And obviously that has implications for stamina over time. If you are working consistent hours, that--working those kind of hours on a consistent basis. It also, though, has a budget impact, because generally you shouldn't be budgeting personnel to work those kind of hours.    So what I want to know is that we are paying for this. Does it make sense to be paying for overtime when we could convert what we are spending on that to new personnel?    Mr. Palmer. Well, even on the training side, you could have them trained up, but if you are working that many hours you are reducing their effectiveness. But the thing that gets me is, it is a management issue, is that you are spending money on overtime, and someone is making a decision to pay overtime rather than bring in these new hires, which would reduce the demand on your personnel. That just doesn't make sense.    Mr. Palmer. The clock changed on me. I thought for a moment there that I was out of time.    The thing that keeps coming up--and from some of the other testimony that I have heard--is it seems to me there is an overall decline in morale in the Service. And I commend you for the work you are doing. I commend--I don't know how much input you had into the report that we read on the recommendations for reforms, but I wholeheartedly support what is in the report, particularly bringing in someone from the outside. I am a big believer in bringing people in from the outside into a huge organization because they can see things that nobody else inside sees. You develop a culture over time where you just start to miss the obvious.    So I want to encourage whoever needs to be encouraged to pursue someone from outside the agency, at least in a transitional-type setting, to be able to come in and make the changes that will bring the agency back up to the standard of excellence that you have enjoyed for years and years and that we all expect.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.