    Chairman Smith. Thank you, Madam Chairwoman.    Let me say on behalf of the witnesses and even on behalf of the American people, I want to thank you and the Ranking Member, Mr. Lipinski, for making a huge effort to be here this morning. Not everybody may realize that because we finished votes last night, and we will not be convening again as a Congress until after the November election, we knew a lot of people were going to be leaving town this morning and I thought we were going to have to cancel this hearing, as important as it was, and the fact that the Chairwoman and the Ranking Member said that they would stay and be here enabled us to go forward and have this hearing.    Now, I do want to point out that the Chairwoman has already passed what we could call a regulatory relief bill, and deserves congratulations for that, and there's more to come. Mr. Lipinski has a bill that we're working on, and I do have to question his motive for being here because he knows that by being here we're going to be more favorably disposed towards his legislation. But I do appreciate both his efforts to bring some sanity to the regulatory process and what the Chairwoman has done too.    The Committee has held many hearings on the regulatory overreach of agencies during this Administration. Americans from small business owners to scientists in the lab want to be free from overly burdensome regulations, not tied up in more red tape.    For several years, the research community has expressed concern that time spent on administrative and reporting requirements for federal research seriously cuts into lab time. This negatively affects the science conducted under those grants.    The Federal Government spends about $30 billion a year on research and development at our Nation's colleges and universities. Over time, a patchwork of federal laws, regulations, rules, policies, and reporting requirements have developed to manage this research.    A survey of universities found that up to 25 percent of grant funding was spent on research-related regulatory compliance--25 percent. We must ensure accountability and scientific integrity when spending taxpayer dollars on research. However, there are opportunities for Congress and agencies to streamline regulations to optimize the Nation's investment in research.    There are some commonsense recommendations to reduce governmental hurdles for our scientists. For example, when a researcher applies for a grant at the National Science Foundation, they should be able to use the same biographical information and format they use when applying for a grant at the Department of Energy or other agencies. If a researcher has a grant from the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration and NASA, the format for research progress reporting to both agencies should be the same.    Confusing, costly, and burdensome regulations take time and money away from research. They also make it more difficult for young, new innovators to apply and compete for federal funding. We should not lose out on developing new breakthrough ideas or new talent because of bureaucratic hurdles.    So I commend Chairwoman Comstock for holding this hearing and for her previous work on tackling regulatory relief. I look forward to working with you and our colleagues on both sides of the aisle towards developing some legislative solutions, and I mentioned Mr. Lipinski's bill a minute ago. We must continue to ensure that our Nation's research investments are efficient and effective.    Thank you, and I'll yield back.    Chairman Smith. Thank you, Madam Chairwoman.    It should be obvious why I'd like to, or asked to introduce our first witness today because he is Dr. Larry Faulkner, President Emeritus of the University of Texas at Austin.    I might interject here that at one point I represented all of the University of Texas at Austin and now only represent a part of it. I do have in my district the administration building, and I also have all the sororities and fraternities, and I haven't yet figured out why that was given to me, but nevertheless, that's how it stands and I'm pleased to represent at least part of----    Chairwoman Comstock. I have two sister-in-laws from those sororities.    Chairman Smith. I mentioned that Dr. Faulkner had been President of the University of Texas at Austin. Most recently Dr. Faulkner chaired the National Academies Committee on Federal Regulation of Research, which carried out a comprehensive review and made numerous specific recommendations for improving regulations, regulatory procedures, and regulatory apparatus. As President of the University of Texas at Austin, he oversaw a seven-year capital campaign that raised over $1.6 billion, appointed and supported the work of the Commission of 125, a citizens' group that provided guidance on the future of the university and its relationship to the public. Dr. Faulkner received a B.S. degree from Southern Methodist University and was awarded a Ph.D. in chemistry from the University of Texas at Austin. We welcome you, Dr. Faulkner. It's nice to have you back, and I'll yield back.    Chairman Smith. I liked what he was saying about having lived in my district, but we'll----    Chairwoman Comstock. Okay. Our second witness today is Mr. John Neumann, Director, Natural Resources and Environment Team at the Government Accountability Office. Mr. Neumann currently leads efforts in the science and technology area including the management and oversight of federal research and development programs, protection of intellectual property, and federal efforts to support innovation. He received his B.A. in political science cum laude from the State University of New York at Stony Brook and holds an MBA from American University as well as a J.D. from Georgetown University.    Our third witness today is Mr. Jim Luther, Associate Vice President for Finance and Compliance Officer at Duke University. Mr. Luther's responsibilities include oversight of the post-award areas for the university and School of Medicine, management of fixed and movable assets, negotiation of Duke's indirect cost and fringe benefit rates, and all aspects of Duke's research cost and compliance program. Over the past several years, he has instituted a research cost and compliance program that includes mandatory training for faculty and administrators, a comprehensive compliance certification program, and a compliance monitoring program. Mr. Luther earned his B.S. in engineering from the U.S. Naval Academy and an M.A. from Duke University.    Our final witness today is Dr. Angel Cabrera, President of George Mason University. Prior to joining George Mason in 2012, he served as President of the Thunderbird School of Global Management in Arizona and is Dean of the I.E. Business School in Madrid. Dr. Cabrera has been recognized by the World Economic Forum as a Young Global Leader, by the Aspen Institute as a Henry Crown Fellow, by Business Week as a Star of Europe, and by the Financial Times as one of the world's best business deans. Dr. Cabrera earned his Ph.D. and M.S. from the Georgia Institute of Technology and his B.S. and M.S. in computer and electrical engineering from the Polytechnic University of Madrid.    I now recognize Dr. Faulkner for five minutes to present his testimony.