    Dr. Thorning. Thank you, Chairman Smith, Ranking Member Johnson, for the opportunity to appear before this committee.    I'd like to make three or four points, picking up on some of what the other witnesses have said. First, it's not clear that developing countries like China and India will actually implement strong measures to slow the growth of their emissions.    Second, reaching the Administration's target of 17 percent below 2005 levels by 2020 seems unlikely since we're only 9.5 percent down right now from 2005. So how we would reach a 26 to 28 percent reduction by 2025 seems very challenging.    And third, how will the various regulatory measures described in the INDC to reduce carbon emissions impact the U.S. economy?    Looking at trends in global energy use, the International Energy Agency's 2014 statement suggests that energy use is going to grow by 37 percent to 2040. Why do we think the developing countries will actually be able to meet stringent reduction targets? Their emissions are the ones that are growing fast. The United States' emissions are relatively flat. So it's questionable that the targets that are being discussed will actually be met.    What is the economic impact on the United States of the INDC? Investment in the United States is already quite sluggish. It hasn't recovered to the 2007 levels. Net investment, net depreciation is sluggish, productivity growth is slow, wage growth is slow. We need to be sure that the policies that we undertake aren't going to negatively impact our attempt to recover a strong economy.    The question of whether developing countries will actually follow projected emission cuts, if they look at the European Union, the European Union over a decade ago was implementing strong policies to reduce GHGs to switch toward renewables. They have enjoyed very sluggish economic growth, very high unemployment rates, about 11 percent. So looking at the European lesson, why would developing countries want to follow that kind of a path?    On the other hand, there are ways that the United States can move forward to try to slow the growth of emissions. There are policies that we can undertake that will actually be no-regrets policies, will actually increase economic growth. For example, tax reform. Congress and Senate Finance and Ways and Means are discussing tax reform. Scholarly research suggests that allowing expensing for all new investment would pull through cleaner, less-emitting technologies and help us reduce GHG growth, as well as other emissions.    A study by the ACCF and Ernst & Young last year showed that allowing expensing for all new investment would reduce the cost of capital by about 25 percent, whereas the Bowles-Simpson plan, if implemented, would actually increase the cost of capital. Research shows that each ten percent reduction in the cost of capital for new investment increases investment by five percent. So tax reform should be on the table as a way of addressing GHG reductions.    Second, we should encourage the export of liquefied natural gas. Cleaner-burning fuel to our allies and trading partners in China and India and Europe would help them reduce their emissions while growing their economies. And recall that over 2 billion people have no electricity; 1.3 billion are cooking with biomass and dung and coal, so we need to try to export our surplus of LNG, which is--seems to be growing every year.    Then we also should encourage international financing for clean coal technology. My colleague George Banks recently produced a research paper on that topic and I'd like to request that that paper be submitted for the record.    Dr. Thorning. So a third thing I think we should do to try to stimulate our economy, as well as reduce GHG growth, is be careful to use cost-benefit analysis. Other witnesses have discussed the fact that reducing U.S. emissions significantly will have no impact on the temperature or on concentrations of GHG, so we should be using cost-benefit analysis, and we should also be adopting--encouraging the adaptation to climate change through no-regrets strategies in agriculture, for utilities, and other industries.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Dr. Thorning. Well, I think the question of how that uncertainty about future directions will impact the business community is significant. Uncertainty retards investment, raises the cost of capital, so we need certainty and clarity and transparency about what our policies are going to be.    Dr. Thorning. Well, renewable energy--pardon me; I have allergies, too. Renewable energy tends to be a lot more expensive than conventional energy from fossil fuel or nuclear. EIA's most recent assessment of the capital cost for renewable energy shows that new natural gas is about $60 a kilowatt hour versus for offshore wind about $240 a kilowatt hour. Solar is also more expensive, and because the wind doesn't blow all the time and the sun doesn't shine all the time, you have to back those up with conventionals. So renewable energy----    Dr. Thorning. Well, that's one of the drawbacks because we don't have the capacity to store solar right now and the wind doesn't blow all the time. So--and we did an analysis of States with renewable portfolio standards compared to those that don't and the States with the renewable portfolio standards had energy costs on average about 20--electricity costs about 20 percent higher than the States without portfolio standards. So if you're thinking of how to grow the U.S. economy, forcing renewable energy is probably going to retard growth, not help it. And--you know, because it has to be backed up, you're not really having much of an impact on U.S. emissions.    Dr. Thorning. That's really the central theme of my testimony, that we would be incurring substantial cost. And as Dr. Curry and others have said, the overall impact on global GHG emissions is almost nonexistent. So--and to pick up on points that others have made, a strong economy is able to weather and adapt to climate change. A strong economy can make the investments needed to slowly bring in the type of equipment that would allow us to grow and reduce GHG emissions.    So if we go down this path that this Administration is trying to push us toward, we will certainly lose competitiveness, we will lose jobs, we will slow our growth. The Clean Power Plan is certainly not going to be helpful to the environment.    I would like to clarify on Chairman Smith's question. If the courts rule this as a legal, the question is what comes next? It would certainly be a good thing if it were ruled illegal, but the question is what comes next? Because uncertainty is what is retarding investment, so we need transparency in our energy policy. So I think policymakers need to weigh very carefully as we go forward. If we make these enormous sacrifices, loss of jobs, low-income people disproportionately hit, States dependent on coal suffering the consequences of higher prices, what do we gain for it? And I make the case we gain almost nothing.    Dr. Thorning. Well, certainly. The overall impact of higher energy prices impacts low-income minority communities severely because low-income people may spend, you know, 15 to 20 percent of their income on energy. In your State of Texas, which has one of the highest electricity prices in the country, I think is due in part to the renewable portfolio standards that have been put in place there.    So macroeconomic studies over the last decade analyzing cap-and-trade proposals, many of which the ACCF has prepared and put forward, show significant impacts across the economy because as electricity prices rise, you tend to see loss of manufacturing jobs, you tended to see outsourcing of jobs, you tend to see people substituting--spending more on energy and less on other goods and services. So the whole economy is dragged down as one important component is increased in price. So that's why I think it is imperative that our policymakers weigh the costs and the benefits of the proposals that this Administration has put forward and EPA's plans because, as we have already discussed, the impact of curbing our emissions here will have almost no impact on global concentrations.    Dr. Thorning. Yes, and the----    Dr. Thorning. The converse is true. Due to the fall in the price of natural gas because of hydraulic fracturing, we have seen a moderation of electricity prices. We have seen the resurgence of manufacturing industries who use natural gas as a feedstock. We have seen a lot more activity and job growth in the sector, so that has been a great boon to the economy. And policies that make those more difficult are certainly going to slow our economic recovery.    Dr. Thorning. Yes, because as energy prices rise, that means we're diverting resources to--you know, to the consumption of energy that could perhaps be devoted toward infrastructure spending, healthcare, national security. You know, if you look at our economy as a whole, if resources are going into a sector needlessly in the case of, you know, the climate plans this Administration has put forward, it will certainly weaken our ability to be competitive and to be strong nationally in terms of defense.