    Mr. Garrett. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And thank you, Chair Yellen. I am just going to follow up on Chairman Huizenga's issues for the so-called independence of the Fed. There has been a lot of press focus on this issue recently, probably because of the likelihood of the Audit the Fed legislation moving now in the Congress. The main criticism by you and folks over at the Fed has been that this legislation will somehow subject the Fed to inappropriate political pressure and force you to make decisions on political grounds instead of sound fundamental market fundamentals.    As a matter of fact, you just said over at the Senate yesterday that Audit the Fed is a bill that would politicize monetary policy, and would bring short-term political pressure to bear on the Fed. In theory, having a technocrat like the Fed simply implement monetary changes based on basic facts sounds appealing, but in practice, that is not anywhere close to what happens at the Fed.    Now, the Chair just gave one example of this. Let me run through seven examples or more by you and the Fed which clearly indicate that the Fed is already acting and making decisions clearly on a partisan political basis.    He mentioned, one, about the fact you have weekly meetings with the political and partisan head of the Department of Treasury. Another one is a very clear revolving door between political appointees at the Treasury and over at the Board of Governors. Third, former Chair Bernanke made an unprecedented decision to formally endorse the President's failed and wasteful fiscal stimulus plan, the reason some gave was because he was trying to seek political favor for his reappointment as Chair. Fourth, and also by Chair Bernanke, his decision to announce QE3 just weeks before the President was to face the election back in 2012.    Fifth, your meetings at the White House the day before the President's--this year's election, and sixth, your speech on income inequality, a major political theme in this past election, just weeks before the election. And finally, your meeting in an open door policy with liberal advocacy groups.    Taken separately, it is one thing. Taken collectively, it is unbelievable that each one of these things could just have been coincidental. It paints a pretty damning picture. I think the Fed has already been completely immersed and guided by partisan politics. Now, if the press reports are accurate, in addition to this, you are lobbying the other side of the aisle extremely hard, and do not agree to requiring agencies to be more accountable and transparent. You are lobbying hard against having more confines around your ability to use your bailout authority. You are lobbying hard against being required to do more economic analysis of your rulemaking, and you are also lobbying hard against additional public scrutiny and congressional oversight.    When one thinks about it, I am not sure who is lobbying more, you or the banks that you oversee. As far as who you are seeing in Congress, it is a 2-1 ratio whom you are lobbying hard with, Democrats to Republicans. And on your monetary decisions, which are being praised by the Democrats and being criticized by Republicans, it would seem you have already made monetary policy a partisan political exercise. And so, having Congress oversee your agency more thoroughly will not make it more political than it already is.    You see, the whole original idea here about having political monetary decisions was that the political push would be to juice the economy with low rates in the short term by Congress to win reelection, but the exact opposite is happening right now, Chair Yellen. The people pushing back on your decisions are those arguing for a tougher monetary policy, not a looser one. This flies in the face of the original stated rationale for political independence in monetary policy.    So on that last point, as far as meeting with outside liberal organizations, I wonder whether you can agree today that you will meet with folks from the other side of this specter, and meet with some of them who have a different view on this.    Mr. Garrett. Who is that?    Mr. Garrett. I appreciate your willingness to do that, and--    Mr. Garrett. That is where I am actually taking this from, this was just--    Mr. Garrett. --handed to me, so I am sure--    Mr. Garrett. It is good that this much of it is in the public domain because all we are trying to do is make it a little bit more in the public domain with regard to the regulatory section as far as--which you admitted to right here, that you are willing to have a robust oversight as far as Congress, but you didn't answer one question, and I will just close on this. I only have 10 seconds left.    The chairman of the subcommittee asked if you would make available the transcripts or summaries of those meetings that you have. You didn't answer that question. Would you make those summaries available?    Mr. Garrett. When you are discussing monetary and regulatory policy with the Secretary of the Treasury, a political appointee, it is a private matter? Okay.    Mr. Garrett. Thank you.