    Ms. Kuster. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman. And thank you too, Ranking Member Lujan Grisham. And thank you to Chief Tidwell for being with us today. We appreciate the time. I am very grateful for the work that you do, and to your Forest Service staff in New Hampshire and the work that we are focused on.    I want to share with you are some concerns with you, though we may have to leave for a vote soon so I am going to just cut to the chase. I am usually much more polite. The question is from recent conversations. I meet with my timber and lumber and landowners frequently, and they were expressing a great deal of frustration that their forest management plans were not living up to their goals. And as I was listening to them, it just felt like a disconnect. Sometimes around here you will get one version from one group and another version from another, but it seemed that the forest management plans didn't necessarily reflect the reality of what is happening, or what, frankly, could happen on the ground. And so I realize that there are budgetary and other constraints keeping the Forest Service from getting closer to meeting the timber harvest goals, but my concern is a little bit different, and I would love your response to it. I am wondering if whether the forest management plans aren't based on formulas or guidelines that don't take into the reality on the ground; location, ease of access, species distribution, land use goals, and that really what--I am an attorney, we call that a meeting of the minds that we don't have a meeting of the minds laid out in that plan, and then we end up with these divergent expectations, and peoples' goals are not being met. Could you comment, and is there anything that we could do to get people closer to actually having an understanding of the amount of timber that we can harvest from the land in a sustainable way?    Ms. Kuster. One hundred years ago we almost lost the forest----    Ms. Kuster. Yes.    Ms. Kuster. Well, thank you. And I want to extend my own invitation. You could do an East Coast-West Coast tour, but we would love to have you to New Hampshire. And just to acknowledge the comment from my colleague from the South, bioenergy chips and pellets, it is a big part of our landscape now, we want to create jobs, we want to have sustainable forests, but we want to make sure that we are getting what we can out of the forests for energy and all other purposes. So thank you very much. I appreciate your help.    And thank you, I will yield back.    The Chairman. I thank the gentlelady.    I just want to make Members aware, and our second panel. I misspoke. We, unfortunately, had an unanticipated second procedural vote. There are about 9 minutes--8 minutes on the clock, so we have some time and so we are going to continue to proceed here.    I now recognize the gentleman from Illinois for 5 minutes.