    Mr. Mitchell. I would be glad to, Congressman.    The cap is on using our user fee account. That cap is there whether we are having a good year or a bad year on our exports. So there are some years where we have a very high level of grain exports. We bring in the revenue from the user fees, but we are capped on how much of those fees we may utilize to ensure we have the proper staff in place.    As a provision of the Reauthorization Act of last September, we now have a system that will be in place that requires us to adjust our user fees each year so that we carry a window of between 3 and 6 months' reserve in that account, and so we should be able to deal with things a little bit better.    Now, like I say, in a strong year, such as last year, we had record grain exports. It got pretty thin at times on how we could make sure we had the proper people in the proper place at the right time. But with this new three to six-month cap or a calculation on what the user fees will actually be, I think that is an additional place where we will keep this as inexpensive as possible.    We are currently doing the entire service for exporting grain. It is weighed and inspected. Almost everything that goes out of this country, it is well under a penny a bushel, is the total cost. That is a pretty good bargain for producers who deal with risk mitigation in many, many levels. It is probably one of the least expensive places that they are allowed to buy that risk mitigation to ensure that our overseas buyers continue to buy from us and that our grain exports continue.    Mr. Mitchell. Yes, sir. We've asked to eliminate the cap on what we can spend out of the user fee funds. One of the main reasons is the recently enacted reauthorization of the U.S. Grain Standards Act. It provides, or requires us to establish a mechanism for determining our user fees on an annual basis, to ensure that we have a three to six month reserve on hand. We believe that first off, we have cut back a lot of our spending. We've got it to--we're very economical in what we're doing. But with this provision, that's in the reauthorization, we believe that that mechanism will help us and future administrators deal with this issue better.    One of the reasons that we asked to remove the cap is the cap isn't related to appropriated funds. Of course, it's user fee funds. A year like last year, last marketing year, we had record bulk grain exports. Grains, oils, seeds. That means a lot more activity for us. It means actually a lot more revenue coming in through the user fees. But it also means increased expenses for making sure that job gets done. And we got very close to breaching last year's user fee cap. So I think that we have the mechanism in place to ensure that we continue to do a very efficient job with the funds to keep those user fees as low as we possibly can, without the cap.    Mr. Mitchell. For user fees, it would probably still be in that $50 million range. Are you asking--we do get appropriated funds for a couple of other issues dealing with the Federal Grain Inspection Service. That's what you're asking about?    Mr. Mitchell. $50 to $55 million is our expectation. It might actually be a little lower this year. Our exports are down a bit from last year. Of course last year being a record. You usually don't win the Super Bowl every year. So we're spending a little bit less this year. But that is our best estimate at this time.