    Mr. Farenthold. Thank you very much.    Mr. Harris, I am over here behind the person doing the transcriptions. I will lean over so you can see me.    So after the breaches at the OPM, the OMB launched the cyber sprint for 30 days. And you guys actually scored negative 14, which puts you in the worst of the worst. And I have kind of heard some testimony here that you are trying to improve. But the Department's performance in that cyber sprint reinforces the key IG finding that the Department had no mechanisms to restrict the use of unauthorized devices on its network. This was a finding from the 2011 fiscal year.    The IG is continually warning that failure to restrict unauthorized devices on internal network segments could allow perpetrators to bypass the two-factor authorization, obtain information about the network, and gain access to the Department's internal resources.    Obviously, the private sector is moving faster than the government by banning workers from using portable devices such as USB drives and wanting employees to be careful what they post on social media and even discouraging workers from posting out-of-office replies on their emails.    The IG found you used Department emails to support your side business--we have talked a lot about that--but also that you connected various electronic devices like USB thumb drives and CD-ROMs from home in conflict with your own internal policy that I guess you wrote. Don't you see a little problem here with the guys on the top aren't following the rules?    Mr. Farenthold. Yes. My concern is you guys have pretty much every student Social Security number on file, probably including both of my daughters. I am old enough that you probably don't have mine. So this is something that really is concerning.    Mr. King was testifying that you guys have made some progress. Do you agree, the progress?    Mr. Farenthold. All right, but ----    Mr. Farenthold. There is still work to be done, though?    Mr. Farenthold. What is stopping you from getting it done?    Mr. Farenthold. All right. And so can you talk a little bit about your--I mean, you are CIO. Could you talk a little bit about your IT background and training? Because it looks like you came up through the financial and contracting segments.    Mr. Farenthold. So you should have--why didn't you see some of this coming beforehand? I mean, obviously hindsight is 20/20. So having, you know, worked up in the trenches of the organization and--you know, you saw the headlines from Snowden to--I mean, why didn't we see some of this coming and do something about it before it hit the fan?    Mr. Farenthold. But, I mean, if you are a former programmer and have been messing with computers for years, in light of--I mean, when Snowden came out, didn't something go off in your head, maybe we ought to, you know, make sure that this doesn't happen to us?    Mr. Farenthold. But then how do we come to, you know, just a few months ago you are an F? I don't understand it. I guess if--well, I am not going to take a shot. We just have got to get it fixed. I yield back.