    Mrs. Capps. Thank you, Chairman Pitts and also Ranking Member Green, for holding this hearing. And we have another topic that I think we need to address, I hope we can, in terms of long-term healthcare needs. But our Nation's Medicaid Program is a critical safety net for all Americans who know that if they fall on hard times, they will not need to sacrifice their access to health care. The Affordable Care Act took great strides in streamlining eligibility to the program, ensuring that it would be there for those who need it. And many of these bills would help--that we are addressing today--would help strengthen this program further. And they should be supported. But I want to focus on one which I have heard here today, H.R. 2339. And I believe that is not one of these that should be supported. I am curious about the situation of a young child whose parent may receive a lump-sum payment. So to be clear, and I think this is a common misperception, the parent receives the lump sum. But it is actually the child who is the Medicaid enrollee. And that is what the misconceptions are about. The Medicaid Program in this case is for the child. As we all know, the majority of Medicaid enrollees are children. And this is followed closely by low-income elderly and by disabled individuals, with a very small proportion of parents and low-income adults rounding out the program.    Ms. Riley, if a child's parent received a lump sum for any amount, $50,000 or whatever, and then, of course, that would be taxed I am sure, but the child is actually the Medicaid enrollee. Would the bill, as drafted, potentially count against the child's eligibility not just 1 month, but from then on? I will let you answer that question or address it.    Mrs. Capps. How long could that amount potentially count against the child's Medicaid eligibility?    Mrs. Capps. So that that lump-sum amount, no matter what the parent or adult spent it on, would make sure this child was not eligible for a very long time.    Mrs. Capps. So you are saying it is possible this bill could be interpreted in a way that would cause a child to lose Medicaid eligibility for the rest of their childhood, even if the family's financial status were to change in the next 5, 10, or 20 years or even in the next month because that lump sum is a precarious amount in some respects.    Mrs. Capps. Right. I think this actually has, as it is being interpreted differently by many, I find it very concerning in the underlying challenges because it is, the truth is that H.R. 2339 could have many unintended consequences, consequences that could keep poor kids from care really for their lifetime and leave many others in limbo because the eligibility isn't an overnight thing. So please comment, I have some other time and this is the topic I wanted to address, if you would like to make further statement about it.    Mrs. Capps. I see. So this is something that I can't support. And I hope my colleagues will reconsider their, if they are supporting it, because I think on the surface it may seem very attractive, but underneath there's some unintended consequences that I think could be very harmful. And it goes back to the basic thought that it is the parents who receive the benefit when it actually is Medicaid in most cases in this case are designed to benefit poor children and those with disabilities. Thank you.    I yield back the balance of my time.