    Mr. Rogers. Good morning, Chairman Salmon and members of the committee. Thank you very much for inviting me here to speak about property rights in Cambodia and about the problems of land grabbing.    I would also like to express my appreciation to the Cambodian communities who have traveled from far and wide to be here at this hearing today to show their support for your important work.    Mr. Chairman, the current Cambodian regime, which has been in power for 30 years, appears to have two very basic but interrelated objectives, and they are the maintenance of power at all costs and the self-enrichment of the ruling elite, primarily through land grabbing.    Unfortunately, to achieve these objectives, the ruling elite have committed human rights violations on a massive scale, often under the guise of development. And of all the human rights concerns that plague Cambodia, land grabbing is by far the most prevalent and probably the most destructive.    According to groups monitoring the land crisis, from the year 2000 to the end of 2013, land grabbing had adversely affected, in one way or another, over 770,000. New research suggests that the situation is actually getting worse, not better. In 2014, there were an additional 50,000 people affected by land conflicts.    So the total number is now around 830,000, increasing by about 1,000 people per week, which amounts to a staggering 5.5 percent of the entire Cambodian population.    Mr. Chairman, a significant proportion of these people have already been forcibly evicted, and while we don't have a precise nationwide figure for this population displacement, it is thought to run into the hundreds of thousands. The evictions themselves are often violent, with private security firms, police and the army using live ammunition, tear gas and bulldozers to drive out villagers who protect their homes with sticks and stones.    Residents have been shot or beaten, entire villages have been burned to the ground, and evictees are often sent to live in squalid resettlement camps.    Not surprisingly, the Cambodian Government claims that the economic land concessions they award to private businesses bring economic benefits to the local communities. But research by the U.N. and others suggests that, more often than not, they actually have the opposite effect. The way that these development projects are implemented leaves ordinary Cambodians with a loss of traditional livelihoods, with a lack of clean water and sanitation, with food shortages and malnutrition, and with crushing unemployment.    In fact, those who profit are a tiny group of ruling elite made up of senior members of the ruling party, senior members of state security forces, as well as the government-connected business elite.    Unfortunately, the Cambodian judicial system is part of the problem and not the solution. There is a decent legal framework to regulate land use in Cambodia, including the economic land concessions. The problem is that the laws are simply ignored both by the government and by the judiciary when there is money to be made. In fact, the ruling elite have relied heavily on corrupt and biased judges to implement the land grabs, intimidate the poor, and crush their opponents.    So no one really expects the Cambodian courts to be fair with the massive land grabbing and illegal displacements that have occurred over the last 15 years.    Mr. Chairman, it is widely accepted that the forced evictions were illegal in the sense that they breached Cambodian national laws, as well as international human rights conventions. But do they also violate international criminal law?    Well, as the lawyer for a group of Cambodian victims, I was asked to advise whether or not the land crimes have become so serious that a case could be brought before the International Criminal Court in the Hague. While land grabbing is not an international crime per se, forcible transfer of populations can be. It can be a crime against humanity if it is sufficiently widespread and part of a state policy.    After analyzing thousands of pages of reports and evidence, we found that when the mass evictions over the last 15 years are considered together, when they are looked at cumulatively, the situation meets all the legal elements of crimes against humanity.    So in October 2014, we filed a communication to the prosecutor of the ICC asking her to open an investigation, and we are now waiting to see if she accepts the case and moves it to the next stage.    Finally, Mr. Chairman, in my written submission I outlined three recommendations that I thought could help address the problems of land grabbing. First is the adoption of a rule of law accountability act for Cambodia, or even better perhaps is the adoption of the global Magnitsky Act and its application to Cambodia. I understand that there is a bill already being considered in the House and the Senate.    Secondly is increased funding and support for Cambodian NGOs who monitor the land grabbing.    And thirdly is the prohibition of U.S. funding or military training for Cambodian military units that take part in illegal forced evictions.    Mr. Chairman, there are few populations around the world who have suffered more mass atrocities and are more deserving of justice than the Cambodian people. At the very least, they deserve a stable home. Thank you very much.    Mr. Rogers. Well, I think we stand a very good chance. One has to remember that the ICC has limited resources and many difficult issues to deal with, so it simply can't open every case. But I think that this is a particularly strong case. The numbers are incredibly high. We are probably talking about 300,000 or 400,000 people affected by a law that is explicitly listed in the ICC statute, and that is forcible transfer of population.    So there is a very compelling argument that they should move forward with this case. I also think that the evidence is very strong, primarily because the NGOs in Cambodia on the ground have been very courageous for many years and have been doing an excellent job obtaining very credible evidence.    So I think there is a good chance that they will move forward, at least to the next stage, which is called a preliminary examination. But if they do move to that stage, then the Cambodian ruling elite will realize that they are being watched, and if something doesn't change, then the next move will be issuing indictments and possibly arrest warrants. So even getting to that next stage will make a huge difference to the human rights situation in Cambodia.    Mr. Rogers. It is not the way that this procedural system works. It is not a case like a domestic case, where you can withdraw.    Mr. Rogers. I cannot withdraw.    Mr. Rogers. Absolutely. It is there before the prosecution, and it is information for them to act on. So I can't say you no longer have the right to this information.    Mr. Rogers. Thank you for the question. You are absolutely right that the nightmare doesn't end at the point of eviction. People, when they lose their land, they fall deeper into poverty, and this is particularly the case with these rural agrarian societies. Land is everything. It is their means of creating wealth. It is what they pass down to their children. When it is taken away from them, not only does the unemployment rate skyrocket, it is double the national average, but the increased poverty makes them vulnerable to other human rights violations such as trafficking. That undoubtedly happens because trafficking is, of course, a byproduct of poverty.    I am glad you mentioned the Boeung Kak Lake case because in that case a CPP senator was awarded the land illegally--because it was public land, it wasn't private land--and, indeed, about 4,500 people were evicted from their homes violently. There was a group of women, mothers and grandmothers, who protested. They were called the Boeung Kak Lake 13. One or two of them, who are here today, have actually spent time in prison. That is one of the most famous cases, but it is actually quite typical. I think it is only so famous because it happened right in the center of Phnom Penh. Unfortunately, around the rural areas that are much harder to access for expats and for journalists, this type of thing is happening all the time, as well as the consequential human rights violations and probably trafficking.    Mr. Rogers. It is a senator who is a senator in the ruling party, the CPP, that has a company called Pheapimix, who owns huge tracts of land throughout Cambodia and is being given many, many concessions.    Mr. Rogers. Not that I know of. I think it is still in the process of being developed. They are filling in the lake with sand, which is causing terrible floods in Phnom Penh, and they are going to develop it themselves as far as I know.