    Dr. Bean. Mr. Chairman and Members of the Committee, good morning, and thank you for the opportunity to serve as a witness for this important hearing.    My testimony today will be focused on the topic of exoplanet spectroscopy in the context of the search for life beyond Earth. The main point I want to convey is that an expanded exoplanet exploration program with a flagship exoplanet spectroscopy space telescope as its centerpiece could answer one of humanity's most fundamental questions: Is there life elsewhere in the universe?    Extrasolar planets, or exoplanets for short, are planets outside our solar system that orbit stars other than our Sun. This year marks just the 20th anniversary of the first detection of an exoplanet orbiting a sun-like star, but progress in the field has been rapid in the intervening years. In particular, the launch of NASA's Kepler telescope in 2009 has revolutionized the field. The Kepler mission has advanced to the point that it is now focused on finding Earth-size planets orbiting their host stars in the so-called ``habitable zone,'' which is the distance at which the temperature on the surface of a terrestrial planet could be right for liquid water to be present.    A handful of Earth-size habitable-zone exoplanets have been found over the last few years. These discoveries have grabbed the attention of the scientific community and the public because they suggest that Earth-like planets may exist around relatively nearby stars, and that we therefore have it within our grasp to search for life on other worlds in our lifetimes.    The next step towards determining if there are any truly habitable planets or even inhabited planets is to study the atmospheres of candidate worlds using the technique of astronomical spectroscopy. Planetary atmospheres are a key factor controlling the habitability of a planet because they are reservoirs of biogenic elements and regulators of planetary surface conditions. Furthermore, planetary atmospheres can be influenced by interactions with a biosphere, and thus may be a marker of life itself absent direct observation or communication.    Astronomers have made progress revealing the nature of the atmospheres of hot, gas giant-type exoplanets using the Hubble and Spitzer Space Telescopes and the ground-based Keck and Gemini telescopes. These investigations have yielded constraints on the abundances of key chemical species, the identification of clouds, and the determinations of temperature maps.    Astronomers eagerly await the launch of the James Webb Space Telescope in 2018. Among its many new important capabilities, the Webb telescope will dramatically extend the reach of exoplanet spectroscopy. It may even have the capability to determine the presence of major molecules like water and carbon dioxide and measure the temperatures of Earth-size exoplanets atmospheres. However, Webb will be hard-pressed to detect evidence for life, only made possible with fortuitous planets, extraordinary performance of the instrument, and large amounts of biosignature gases in the planets themselves.    A flagship space telescope with next-generation optics will likely be needed to detect evidence for life on other Earth-like exoplanets. The astrophysics community is currently ramping up for a Decadal Survey that will prioritize large space missions to follow the Webb telescope.    At the wise urging of NASA leadership, the community is currently developing concepts for telescopes that could take spectra of Earth-like exoplanets in preparation for the decadal selection process. The top-priority space telescope from the previous Decadal Survey, currently dubbed WFIRST-AFTA will have capabilities that lay a foundation for a future life-finder telescope. One of the science goals of the WFIRST-AFTA mission is to obtain improved statistics on the frequency of potentially habitable planets. In addition, NASA is currently considering including an exoplanet spectrometer on the telescope. This instrument would not have the capability to make measurements for Earth-like planets but it would advance the science and technology in that direction.    As a final point, it is important to keep in mind that a future life-finder mission cannot be a success in the absence of other projects. The need for comprehensive knowledge to confront the question of life on other planets is why I think that ultimately an expanded program in exoplanet exploration would be the best way forward. Although a flagship space telescope would be the crown jewel, this program should be driven by the question of life rather than the construction of a single facility. It would take courage and perseverance by scientists, government leaders, and the public all working together to act on this vision and see it through, but our ability to rise to this kind of challenge is what makes America exceptional.    From the Apollo program through the Voyager, Hubble, and Mars Rover programs, with the recent stunning success of the New Horizons mission to Pluto, and today with the launch of the Webb telescope just a few years away, our country leads the way in projects that are lasting milestones of space exploration. The search for life beyond our planet represents the next great space exploration challenge that would continue this legacy.    Mr. Chairman and members of the committee, thank you again for the opportunity to be here as a witness, and I'd be happy to take questions.    Dr. Bean. Yeah, so as I mentioned, I think the James Webb Space Telescope, which is planned to launch in 2018, will be our first chance----    Dr. Bean. --to do that. If we get lucky and we find the kind of planets orbiting very nearby stars, then we may be able to search for biosignature gases----    Dr. Bean. Yes.    Dr. Bean. Definitely not before.    Dr. Bean. I'd say that's unlikely, but we are optimistic that we can take----    Dr. Bean. --important steps towards doing that over the next 10 years.    Dr. Bean. One out of five.    Dr. Bean. To get back at Chairman Smith's earlier question about putting a number on the chance of finding life, I want to emphasize that scientific process is a step-by-step, deliberate process, and so being able to maintain, like Jonathan said, a continuity in funding these programs and continuing this deliberate approach I think is extremely important.    Dr. Bean. From the standpoint of studying exoplanets, I talked in my testimony about building a very large space telescope as a flagship mission. That's a very high-tech thing that we have to do to take direct images of planets that we can take spectra from and look for the signatures of biosignature gases. That involves the construction of large space telescopes, rockets to put those telescopes into orbit, instrumentation to block the blinding glare of the stars those planets orbit, and perhaps even the manned spaceflight program to service those telescopes or even construct the telescopes in orbit.    Dr. Bean. So I think that would be more appropriately addressed to Dr. Lunine if you want to--    Dr. Bean. I would say that astronomers use a very basic definition of life because the information that we can get when we study the atmospheres of exoplanets will also be very basic. And so we use a very Earth-centric, even human-centric point of view for life, and that's the thing that we're looking for evidence for in the atmospheres of other worlds.    Dr. Bean. So I would like to see a large space telescope that can take spectra of other Earth-like planets orbiting nearby stars, something very similar to the previously proposed and discussed Terrestrial Planet Finder mission, or TPF, which you may have heard about. I think the advantage of studying extrasolar planets is that we have a chance to look for--to do an experiment so to say on how life arises on terrestrial planets in a variety of environments. So that's what I would like to see.    Dr. Bean. I'd like to answer the question in terms of human spaceflight. Dr. Stofan and Dr. Lunine, you gave great scientific answers, but for me, if we can combine science with the human element, I think that's a very powerful thing. That will reach out to the public. That will excite our schoolchildren to follow math and science, and so for me that's an exciting ``yes'' to that question.    Dr. Bean. So my answer would be more along the lines--of course, those are excellent reasons why we want to do that, and finding out the answer would he absolutely fascinating and change our worldview. But I think also the process of doing it tells us a lot about ourselves, tells us about our hopes and dreams and about, you know, how we can work together as a country and as a society and the world. So for me I want to emphasize the process of looking for that answer, whatever the answer may be, if it's a positive or a negative. But the process--through the process we find out a lot about ourselves.    Dr. Bean. I don't know either.    Dr. Bean. Right. In the context of the search for life on extrasolar planets, astronomy, my field, is a very discovery-driven field. We want to build space telescopes and instruments that are designed to be able to answer a question and we inform, you know, the design of those instruments with what we know about on Earth. But we also know that we're going to find unexpected things and so we want to have as flexible of instruments as possible and we want to make as complete a characterization of these planets as we can.    Just to give you an example, the Hubble Space Telescope and the Spitzer Space Telescopes were never designed to look in the atmospheres of extrasolar planets, but that has become one of the most impactful things that those telescopes have done just because they were built with a suite of instruments that were very flexible. And so we have to benchmark our design for these instruments based on what we know, and what we know is limits of the Earth. But we also want to remain open-minded and flexible and do this complete characterization of the planets to try to answer this question in as holistic away as possible.