    Dr. Frank. OK. Chairman Murphy, Ranking Member DeGette, and members of the subcommittee, thank you for the opportunity to discuss how the Department of Health and Human Services is addressing the opioid abuse epidemic.    Containing the abuse and misuse of prescription opioids and heroin is a high priority for the HHS leadership team, and we're pleased to be here with you today. I would like to use my time today to give you an overview of how we view the challenge and describe how we are working to develop a multifaceted solution to this problem. It's going to take a lot of collaboration, and we are pleased to work with you and other stakeholders on this issue.    Addiction to and abuse of opioids, including both prescription painkillers and heroin and the terrible outcomes associated with them, are growing at an alarming pace. Just over a third of drug overdose deaths in 2012 and 2013 were from prescription opioids, while heroin-related deaths have spiked dramatically, almost tripling since 2010.    The sharp increase in the misuse and abuse of opioids places a great burden on the health system. There were 259 million prescriptions filled for opioids in the U.S. in 2012, a large increase over just a few years prior. The Medicare program under part D spent $2.7 billion on opioids overall in 2011, 1.9 billion of that total, or 69 percent was accounted for by the top 5 percent of opioid users. Those spending patterns on these drugs reflect some of our concerns.    The cost of abuse and misuse of opioids shows up in preventable use of very expensive health care. Heroin presents an equally troubling, but different abuse and overdose pattern. We saw increases between 2002 and 2009 in a number of people using heroin, but that number has held fairly steady since 2009.    The striking new trend is that there's an increasing share of the users that are dying from heroin overdoses. So what I'm telling you is that we have a opioid prescribing problem, sitting alongside a drug abuse and misuse problem.    Secretary Burwell is committed to aggressively addressing the epidemic. She's driving us towards two main goals: One, reducing opioid overdoses and overdose-related mortality; and two, decreasing the prevalence of opioid use disorder. She directed us to use the best science and to focus on the most promising levers that can make a difference for the people who struggle with opioid addiction and their families.    HHS agencies have been collaborating on this problem for some time, and we hope you will agree after today that the whole is greater than the sum of the parts.    Our actions informed by the evidence and discussions with States and other stakeholders fall into three general categories: One, addressing opioid prescribing practices; two, expending the use of naloxone; and three, promoting medication-assisted treatment.    Let me outline the plan in a bit more detail. First, PDMPs. We're increasing investments in prescription drug monitoring programs, which are among the most promising clinical tools to curb prescription opioid abuse. We're investing it through State grants and technical assistance and supporting best practices to maximize the impacts of PDMPs.    Second, naloxone, which is the life-saving drug that can reverse overdose from both prescription opioids and heroin. We're supporting the development of user-friendly formulations and delivery mechanisms and are working with State and local governments to support training and other measures that get naloxone into the hands of those that are in a position to reverse overdoses.    Finally, we have plans to support the appropriate use of medication-assisted treatment, or MAT. The enactment of the Mental Health Parity and Addiction Act opens up new opportunities to expand access to these evidence-based treatments.    We are also working on identifying best practices in primary care settings, increasing access to MAT through SAMHSA grant support and potentially increasing the supply of MAT providers by reviewing the policy and regulations that limit the types of individuals certified to prescribe. Our commitment to halting this complex public health epidemic is set out in the President's 2016 budget that includes a $99 million increase for parts of our initiative.    Finally, evaluation will help us identify the most effective activities, allow us to continuously learn, and inform future policy making in order to address this public health concern.    So, in closing, this is critical for HHS and for the Nation, and we can't do it alone. We need help. Thank you for encouraging an open discussion of this today, and we are committed to turning the tide on this scourge that has become the opioid epidemic.    Dr. Frank. Yes, I do. I think that one thing that's very important to remember is that overall, we treat 10 percent of the people with these disorders, so it's not surprising that people aren't getting evidence-based treatment, because they're not getting treatment, period.    Second part is why aren't they getting evidence-based treatment among those who do? And I think that there are insurance dynamics that hopefully we're fixing, there are, as Dr. Volkow said, access to trained professionals who are trained in the best things, and then there's, in a sense, trying to kind of get the systems and the infrastructures aligned so that they support the best practices.    Dr. Frank. Thank you for the question. We, too, view the Mental Health Parity Act as an incredibly important opportunity to increase the use of evidence-based practice and access to treatment.    We are doing a number of things. We work with both the Department of Labor on the ERISA side of the commercial health insurance side. We've trained the ERISA investigators in how to detect deviations from parity arrangements within insurance, and so they are out there fully trained now working on these issues. We have a group within HHS who regularly provides technical assistance to State insurance commissioners and works with them to resolve complaints as they arise. And we've continued a series of forums and technical assistance around the country. And we're working with stakeholders, some of whom are in this room today, to improve our ability to ask for disclosure and to offer up consumers the opportunity to really make that evaluation that you referred to.    Dr. Frank. Let me add on to that on behalf--it seems that people from West Virginia all sort of think alike that way. And our Secretary, who shares the same experience you do has pushed us to focus and to take action in those three areas. And, you know, with it--this year we more than quadrupled our funding in those areas, and we're going to triple that again if our plan goes through, and these are in those three focused areas, because that's where the evidence says we should be doubling down, and that's sort of what is guiding us.    Dr. Frank. There are some legislative proposals, and some of it is just increasing some of the use of our discretionary funds, and we got some additional appropriations this year, and then in the President's budget, we have sort of some legislative proposals for----    Dr. Frank. Yep.    Dr. Frank. Well, I think that we are trying to have the full armamentarium available to the treating providers who are trying not to get between the provider and the patient as long as there is the opportunity to offer the richest menu of evidence-based treatments that are available.