    Mr. Stivers. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Stivers. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I appreciate you holding this hearing on this very important issue of access to capital and capital formation in our economy. And as the Chair of the Middle Markets Caucus, I know how important middle-market companies are, not only in Ohio, but throughout our country.    They represent about 200,000 businesses, about a third of our economy. They employ 47 million Americans, and BDC loans in that middle-market marketplace have tripled, in fact, over the last--since 2008, I believe, so a lot of money. Currently BDCs net about, I think, and somebody can correct me if I am wrong about this, $70 billion of outstanding middle-market loans.    So my first question is for Mr. Arougheti. Can you please help this committee and everybody understand how this bill would help impact capital access to these very important middle-market firms by allowing BDCs to have greater access to capital and leverage?    Mr. Stivers. I appreciate that. And clearly BDCs add value to the economy, are adding a lot of value to these middle-market companies that are in many cases family-owned, and in a lot of cases fast-growing and employing as I said 47 million Americans. So I want to thank all of you for your willingness to do that.    I do want to quickly hit on transparency and protections because I think that is important. With regard to transparency, I think, Mr. Gerber, you said it really well when you talked through the quarterly reports you have to do where you do a whole review of your portfolio by company, by amount. No bank does that. No other financial institution in the capital markets has that kind of transparency, do they?    Mr. Stivers. And I would like to just give you a second to expand upon that because today you are absolutely the lowest leverage at zero. But if you went to 2-to-1 leverage, that would be between 4 and 10 times less leverage than your competitors in the marketplace employ.    Mr. Stivers. Thank you.    And the last thing I do want to hit on is protections with regard to accredited investors. We all did laugh at the lawyer joke. And I think we should cut all their bills by about 50 percent because of how unsophisticated they are.    But I do think that--I was in the investment adviser business. If you pass a Series 7, you are pretty sophisticated, I would argue. If you pass--my sister is an accountant and their exams are really hard. You are pretty sophisticated if you are an accountant.    We can all debate the attorneys, I will give you that. But clearly most people in those professional educations are way more sophisticated than just being worth a million dollars--would you say that makes somebody more sophisticated than just being worth $1 million, regardless of how they got it, Mr. Gerber?    Mr. Stivers. Okay.    Mr. Stivers. Thank you.    Thank you all. I am out of time. I yield back the balance of my time. But thanks for being here.