    Mr. Peters. Thank you very much.    Mr. Peters. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank you, Mr. Conyers, for the very kind comments.    When I practiced law, I represented a lot of large and small businesses and government agencies trying to get through the permit process, and I'm actually very sympathetic to the notion that we should set high stands and we should respond in a timely way because in a microeconomic sense you talk to these businesses that are really affected by the carrying costs of regulation, and actually I was one of the Democrats that actually voted for this RAPID Act last time, but I have an issue with it this time which is the subsection K prohibition of any consideration of the social cost of carbon, which is the economic, environmental, and social costs of carbon dioxide emissions by agencies in an environmental review or decision making, and it applies to all Federal agencies by the terms of this bill.    Accounting for the social costs of carbon and preparing for climate change, according to Mayor Bloomberg's Report, which is a bipartisan report, it is a smart business practice, with greenhouse gas driven changes in temperature will necessitate the construction of new power generation capacity that the report estimates will cost residential and commercial rate payers up to $12 billion per year, and in 2014 the Pentagon also issued a report on the security risks of climate change, finding that climate change poses an immediate threat to national security due to increased risks of terrorism, food shortage, poverty, and infectious diseases.    So I guess I'd ask Mr. Kovacs, Mr. Batkins, and Mr.--Dr. McLaughlin, if any of you sees this ban on considering the social costs of carbon as necessary to achieving the regulatory reform of this act, and if you do see it as important, where would we evaluate as a Nation the costs of carbon issues that the business community and the Pentagon have raised?    Mr. Peters. It was an amendment. Right.    Mr. Peters. Would--Mr. Kovacs, wouldn't the NEPA process by its process be a process in which we could evaluate that and----    Mr. Peters. But it doesn't have to be in this bill, does it, to achieve the regulatory reform?    Mr. Peters. Okay. Good. Either of you think it's important to this bill to achieve regulatory reform?    Mr. Peters. Okay.    Mr. Peters. Dr. McLaughlin?    Mr. Peters. Okay. So I would just make the comment, I--Mr. Trot's example, he's left now, but it's an example that I've given for my clients many times. You know, you have--you make an investment, you have to carry the cost of the--of the debt on that investment if you borrowed money for a period of time, and you can't get a return until you can get your permits, and so I'm very sympathetic to working on this, but it does strike me that this ban on the considering the social costs of carbon, even as part of a quicker reduced tighter regulatory process is gratuitous, it's unnecessary, and I'm going to ask my--at appropriate time I'll ask my colleagues to amend the bill to remove that prohibition. It will certainly make it much more attractive to me to vote for it, and I think to a lot of my colleagues on this side of the aisle.    Mr. Chairman, thank you very much. I yield back.