    Ms. Frankel. Thank you, Mr. Chair.    Thank you to the witnesses.    Well, I can say this about most of us probably here is that we are experienced amateurs at flying; we do a lot of flying.    Ms. Frankel. Yes. And I actually feel rather safe when I fly, but I think the scariest thing for me and for probably most people is--for the customer, talking about the customer--is that when you get on the plane, you feel you have completely lost control of your life. Unlike a car, where if you hear a rattle or something, you can pull over. When you are in an airplane, it is like you are depending on somebody else. I mean, there is really not much you can do. You put your seat belt on, hold somebody's hand.    So I am not so sure I actually understand or maybe agree with, if you are saying that there are certain elements of the design of the plane that should not have an inspection by an independent party--is that what you are saying?    Ms. Frankel. I mean, for example, a bathroom.    Ms. Frankel. OK. So how would that work?    Ms. Frankel. But there would be circumstances where an uncomfortable passenger could lead to a dangerous situation in a cabin, correct?    Ms. Frankel. So getting back to, I think, the focus of what you are trying to say is you are looking for safe ways to speed up getting the aircraft out into the marketplace.    Ms. Frankel. More efficient ways. The problem right now, would you say, is it not enough inspectors? Not enough competent inspectors? Or a lack of focus of what is important?    Ms. Frankel. I still do think there is some power and influence when you are signing the paycheck. Is there any other independent person who could----    Ms. Frankel. So could you just give some more concrete examples of what you would take off the list?    Ms. Frankel. Yeah.    Ms. Frankel. Thank you.    And, you know, Mr. Chair, I would just request, I don't know if there is anybody who could give us the other point of view or the view of the FAA, that would be of interest to me.    Ms. Frankel. All right. Thank you. Thank you.