    Mrs. Torres. Thank you so much.    I have a few questions for Deputy Assistant Commissioner Wagner. Because of limited time, I am going to ask all of them at once, so you might want to take a note or two.    I would like for you to comment on the testimony that was just given by Ms. Gambler, and I am going to quote a little bit from the report that I have in front of me and from her statement, that one-fifth of the existing CSI ports were at lower-risk locations; and also that CBP had not regularly assessed foreign ports for risks to cargo under CSI since 2005, and that when you did in 2009, they found that you did not use the results from this assessment to make modifications to the locations where CSI staff was posted because of budget cuts.    So I heard a little bit about a budget increase in a testimony earlier, but yet the testimony was that due to budget cuts we are not able to be more effective where we need to be.    My two questions, my other two questions for you, I represent the 35th District in California. We are a logistics center district. Our economy is very much dependent on the Port of Los Angeles, the Port of Long Beach. UPS has a major footprint in the district and FedEx has a smaller footprint. The Ontario International Airport is also housed in my district.    My question to you is: By expanding our borders, is that taking resources away from our inland ports that we have here in the United States? What steps are being taken to ensure that pushing out our borders and assigning Customs and Border Protection officers abroad does not undermine the security at ports such as the Ontario International Airport?    On record, I would like to have an opportunity for a dialogue with your office about issues that I have identified at Ontario Airport.    Mrs. Torres. So are we picking winners and losers when we choose these countries simply because they can afford to pay 85 percent of your budget?    Mrs. Torres. I do. Thank you, Mrs. Miller.    Assistant Secretary Bersin, can you give us an update on the progress made so far on the Department's international engagement strategy, where we are on that?    Mrs. Torres. I was going to push you on a date. So thank you for that. That was my question. Thank you.