    Mr. Goodlatte. Good afternoon. The Judiciary Committee will come to order.    And, without objection, the Chair is authorized to declare recesses of the Committee at any time.    We welcome everyone to this morning's hearing on ``Planned Parenthood Exposed: Examining Abortion Procedures and Medical Ethics at the Nation's Largest Abortion Provider.'' And I will begin by recognizing myself for an opening statement.    Before I go to the statement on that, I would like to take a moment to remember the life of former Congressman William Donlon ``Don'' Edwards, who passed away this month at the age of 100.    Don Edwards was first elected to Congress in 1963, where he had a distinguished career working on the Voting Rights Act, the Civil Rights Act, and served on the House Judiciary Committee during the investigation of the Watergate scandal. During this time on the Judiciary Committee, Don Edwards served with former Congressman Caldwell Butler, whom I worked for at the time.    When Don Edwards left office in 1995 after 32 years of congressional service, he was succeeded by our very own Zoe Lofgren in California's 16th District. I had the opportunity to serve for 2 years with Congressman Edwards myself and appreciated his service.    And it is now my pleasure to recognize the Ranking Member to share a few words about our former colleague.    Mr. Goodlatte. The gentlewoman from California is recognized.    Mr. Goodlatte. The gentleman from New York?    Mr. Goodlatte. The Chair thanks the gentleman.    And now I will begin my opening statement. And we have votes on the floor, but perhaps I and the Ranking Member can get our statements in before we go to vote.    A child's heart begins to form 3 weeks after conception. By the fifth week, her heart begins to beat, pumping blood throughout her little body, and her arm and leg buds begin to grow. Her brain begins to develop. Her eyes and ears begin to form. By the sixth week, her hands and feet begin to form.    The following week, her toes can be seen. During this time, she kicks and will jump if startled. By 8 weeks, the baby's facial features become more distinct. In weeks 9 through 12, the baby may begin sucking her thumb. By 10 weeks, she can yawn. By 11 weeks, she can make a wide variety of facial expressions, including a smile. By 12 weeks, which marks the end of the first trimester, she is capable of making a fist.    But, on any given day, her developing parts, including her heart and brain, may be harvested at many Planned Parenthood clinics that participate in this practice across this country. If her organs are harvested, she will not carry a name. At most, she will be referred to as a ``product of conception.''    Despite the horrific nature of these practices, Planned Parenthood's outrage has been directed not at the harvesting of baby parts but at the people who caught them talking about doing it on video. Indeed, Planned Parenthood argues that the videos released by the Center for Medical Progress are highly edited, but it is noteworthy to point out that the group hired by Planned Parenthood to review the videos found that their, ``analysis did not reveal widespread evidence of substantive video manipulation.''    A second analysis, commissioned by Alliance Defending Freedom, reached a similar conclusion. According to that report, the recorded media files indicate that the video recordings are authentic and show no evidence of manipulation or editing, quote/unquote.    Today's hearing is about the content contained within the videos, including admissions made by Planned Parenthood officials that raise serious questions about the treatment of our Nation's children who may be born alive following a failed abortion. For example, the vice president of Planned Parenthood of the Rocky Mountains stated that, in some cases, babies are being born intact. She further stated, ``Sometimes we get--if someone delivers before we get to see them for a procedure, then they are intact. But that's not what we go for.''    To ensure babies born alive in such instances are given necessary medical care, the House passed H.R. 3504, the ``Born-Alive Abortion Survivors Protection Act,'' which requires that babies surviving an abortion be given the same treatment and care that would be given to any child naturally born premature at the same age and imposes criminal penalties at the Federal level to prevent the killing of innocent human babies born alive.    Moreover, these videos indicate abortion practitioners may have adopted new abortion procedures to avoid the risk of violating the Partial-Birth Abortion Ban Act. In the first video, the senior director of medical services at Planned Parenthood Federation of America stated that, ``the Federal abortion ban is a law, and laws are up to interpretation.'' Today's hearing is in part intended to explore what interpretations by abortion practitioners have arisen since the law's passage.    I look forward to hearing from our witnesses here today.    And it is now my pleasure to recognize the Ranking Member of the Committee, the gentleman from Michigan, Mr. Conyers, for his opening statement.    Mr. Goodlatte. The Chair thanks the gentleman.    There is 1 minute remaining in this vote. Happily, we are amongst 320 Members who have not yet voted. So head to the floor.    And the Committee will stand in recess until these votes conclude and resume immediately thereafter.    Mr. Goodlatte. The Committee will reconvene.    And it is now my pleasure to recognize the Chairman of the Subcommittee on the Constitution and Civil Justice, the gentleman from Arizona, Mr. Franks, for his opening statement.    Mr. Goodlatte. The Chair thanks the gentleman and now recognizes the Ranking Member of the Subcommittee on the Constitution and Civil Justice, the gentleman from Tennessee, Mr. Cohen, for his opening statement.    Mr. Goodlatte. Without objection, the video will be shown and made a part of the record.    Mr. Goodlatte. The time of the gentleman has expired.    We welcome our distinguished witnesses today.    And if you would all please rise, I will begin by swearing you in.    Do you and each of you swear that the testimony that you are about to give shall be the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth, so help you God?    Thank you.    The witnesses may be seated.    And let the record reflect that they all responded in the affirmative.    And I will now begin by introducing today's witnesses.    The first witness is Dr. Anthony Levatino. Dr. Levatino is a board-certified obstetrician-gynecologist. Over the course of his career, Dr. Levatino has practiced obstetrics and gynecology in both private and university settings, including as an associate professor of OB-GYN at the Albany Medical College.    Our next witness is Ms. Susan Thayer. Ms. Thayer worked for nearly 18 years as the center manager of the Planned Parenthood clinic in Storm Lake, Iowa. She was fired in December 2008 when she expressed concerns about webcam abortions. She has since become a strong voice for life and educates the public about abortion and specifically webcam abortions.    Our next witnesses is Ms. Caroline Fredrickson. Ms. Fredrickson is president of the American Constitution Society. She has been widely published on a range of legal and constitutional issues and is a frequent guest on television and radio shows. Before joining American Constitution Society, Caroline served as the director of the ACLU's Washington legislative office and as general counsel and legal director of NARAL Pro-Choice America.    Our final witness is Ms. Luana Stoltenberg. Ms. Stoltenberg is a public speaker for Operation Outcry, a ministry that seeks to educate the public about the devastating consequences of abortion. Ms. Stoltenberg is a resident of Davenport, Iowa.    Welcome to you all.    Your written statements will be entered into the record in their entirety, and I ask that you each summarize your testimony in 5 minutes or less. To help you stay within that time, there is a timing light on your table. When the light switches from green to yellow, you have 1 minute to conclude your testimony. When the light turns red, it signals that your 5 minutes have expired.    And, Dr. Levatino, we will begin with you. Welcome.    Mr. Goodlatte. The video will be run.    Mr. Goodlatte. Thank you, Dr. Levatino.    Ms. Thayer, welcome.    Mr. Goodlatte. Thank you, Ms. Thayer.    Ms. Fredrickson, welcome.    Mr. Goodlatte. Thank you.    Ms. Stoltenberg, welcome.    Mr. Goodlatte. Thank you, Ms. Stoltenberg.    We'll now proceed under the 5-minute rule with questions for witnesses. And I'll begin by recognizing myself.    Before I begin my questioning, I would like to show a quick video that puts a human face on the issues presented here today.    Mr. Goodlatte. Ms. Stoltenberg, thank you for sharing with us your very personal experiences following the three abortions you underwent. On Planned Parenthood's Web site, there are frequently asked questions associated with abortion. One considers whether there are long-term risks associated with abortion stating, ``Safe, uncomplicated abortion does not cause problems for future pregnancies,'' and, ``Ultimately, most women feel relief after an abortion.''    Based on your experience, do you think these characterizations provide women with all the information they need about the risks associated with the abortion procedure they are about to undergo?    Mr. Goodlatte. Thank you.    Dr. Levatino, the 2009 National Abortion Federation textbook on comprehensive abortion care states that, some patients or clinicians prefer initiating the abortion procedure with a nonliving fetus for emotional reasons or to avoid the problem of a transiently living neonate at the time of fetal expulsion. That's on page 185. What, in plain English, are they referring to in this sanitized statement?    Mr. Goodlatte. Turn your microphone on.    Mr. Goodlatte. Thank you.    One more question, Dr. Levatino. Why did you end your practice of doing abortions?    Mr. Goodlatte. Thank you. The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Michigan for his questions. We have a vote on and about 12 minutes remaining. So I think if you wanted to proceed, we can get those done.    Mr. Goodlatte. There are 6 minutes remaining in this vote. So the Committee will stand in recess and reconvene immediately after the votes.    Mr. Goodlatte . The gentleman from Virginia, Mr. Forbes, is recognized.    Mr. Goodlatte. All those in favor of the motion, respond by saying aye.    Those opposed, no.    In the opinion of the Chair, the ayes have it.    And the video is made a part of the record.    I thank the gentleman, and the gentleman is now recognized for his questions.    Oh, who's next?    The gentlewoman from California, Ms. Walters, is recognized for 5 minutes.    You're next. Do you want to pass or do you----    Mr. Goodlatte. Okay.    The gentleman from Ohio, Mr. Chabot, is recognized for his questions.    Mr. Goodlatte. The gentleman from Tennessee, Mr. Cohen, is recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Goodlatte. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Utah, Mr. Chaffetz, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Goodlatte. The Chair thanks the gentleman and recognizes the gentleman from Georgia, Mr. Johnson, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Goodlatte. The time of the gentleman has expired.    The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas, Mr. Gohmert, for 5 minutes. And would you yield back to me briefly?    Mr. Goodlatte. Thank you.    I just want to state for the record regarding the point Ms. Thayer just made.    In the State of Georgia, there are four Planned Parenthood locations, most or all of which provide abortion services. In Georgia, there are 274 other health care alternatives that provide women's services that do not provide abortions. So, in terms of convenience and location to get to, I think there'd be a good argument that there's much more convenience to get to healthcare facilities. These are public healthcare facilities, too, that do not include abortion services.    I thank the gentleman for yielding.    Mr. Goodlatte. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida, Mr. Deutch, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Goodlatte. The gentleman yields back.    The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Idaho, Mr. Labrador, for 5 minutes.    And would the gentleman yield to me briefly?    Mr. Goodlatte. I'd like to say that there are right now on the books hundreds of Federal gun control laws and regulations, and yet in the last 6 years, the enforcement--the prosecutions for violations of all of those laws are down by 30 percent.    It seems to me that an Administration that's led by an individual who calls for more laws every time we have one of these tragedies ought to go look in the mirror and determine what's appropriate to do.    Mr. Goodlatte. I will not yield. It's the gentleman from Idaho's time.    Mr. Goodlatte. It is a problem that can be addressed with the laws that exist now. There are, by the organization that is the actual subject of this hearing today, 350,000, plus or minus, abortions conducted by this organization every year--nearly 1,000, nearly 1,000 a day--and that's why we're here, focused on this hearing today, to make sure that we're aware of whether more laws are needed to protect the lives of the unborn.    I yield back to the gentleman from Idaho and thank him.    Mr. Goodlatte. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois, Mr. Gutierrez, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Goodlatte. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas, Mr. Poe, for 5 minutes.    And would you yield to me very briefly?    Mr. Goodlatte. I just want to make one point that when we passed the Pain-Capable Abortion Act, we introduced into the record evidence that in every demographic group, men, women, people of various races, age, in every demographic group, a majority of the people in this country support prohibiting abortions after 20 weeks.    I thank the gentleman and yield back.    Mr. Goodlatte. Without objection, it will be made a part of the record.    Mr. Goodlatte. The time of the gentleman has expired. Ms. Thayer will be allowed to answer.    Mr. Goodlatte. The Chair thanks the gentleman, recognizes the gentleman from Louisiana, Mr. Richmond, for 5 minutes.