    Mr. Collins. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I want to thank you for coming in today to testify. The last Congress, I was the subcommittee chairman of Health and Technology on small business. I had a hearing on cybersecurity, and I don't think we can say this too often to small business, there is a threat to them, there is a threat to their very existence. And so maybe today we could just, Mr. Bejtlich, continue this discussion more as a PR to small business.    What I found was most small businesses are naive to the threat. They operate under, ``it won't happen to me.'' They are going to go after Target or Citibank or someone, they are not coming after my small business, which, in fact, and maybe you could expand on this, I think many of these folks see small businesses as the easy way into bigger companies. If they are a supplier to General Electric, if they are a supplier to a big company, an attacker can get into that small supplier and work through their connection to get through the supply chain, so to speak. But what we found was the staggering percentage of businesses that are out of business within 12 months of a data breach. It threatens their very existence because as, and you can expand on this really as well, if someone gets into their employee information, they have to provide credit insurance for that employee for some extended period of time, and that it out of their pocket, but also if a big corporation finds that that supplier was the access point, guess what, that big company is not going to buy from that supplier. If the customers find out, as we have seen, their data has been breached, they are not going to shop at that store.    So we are trying to say, and alert to small business--most of them don't have security policies, cybersecurity policies, they are sloppy with passwords, and they are just begging to be the target. So I don't know if you would want to just expand on a little bit of what I just said to--the warning to small businesses----    Mr. Collins . It can happen to you, and if it does----    Mr. Collins. You would think it is commonsense, but it is not where you are worried about getting an order, getting it shipped, paying your bills, and it is just the thought that it can't happen to me. We have found so many companies, they don't even have a basic policy on passwords where many people use the same password at 100 different Internet sites. That way, they only have to remember one. But then these folks will get into that one, and then in a very short period of time, they can bounce that password into any number of other sites, and low and behold it hits. And the next thing you know, they are into that small business. They don't know it, as you pointed out. They are either taking their money, but worse yet, they are stealing customer information, IP, they are accessing the vendors and other customers. So to me, it starts with, you have to understand it can happen to you, number two, have a basic policy. We even published, when I was on the Small Business Committee, some dos and don'ts and the like, and just as an alert to small businesses who think it is only big companies. So you are confirming that small businesses are very much a target of the cyber----    Mr. Collins. Yes, because they are out there.    Mr. Collins. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I yield back.