    Mr. Sherman. So, $50 billion is a safe harbor. If you are not over $50 billion, they can't designate you a SIFI, they can't impose additional standards.    Everyone over $50 billion should not be treated the same way. And perhaps either the regulators or this committee needs to look at creating a process by which those who are over $50 billion provide information, but I think most of the regional banks would ultimately be determined to not be SIFIs. It would be nice to get a few forms filled out and be in a position to at least take a look.    The focus of Dodd-Frank is on asset size. I think that is wrong. I think Dr. Johnson focuses on total exposure. I have said before here we ought to be focusing on the size of the liabilities of an institution, not the size of the assets.    Lehman Brothers didn't do us any harm because they had too many assets. Their problem was they had too many liabilities, particularly contingent liabilities, particularly to U.S. persons. So when Lehman Brothers went under, it was clear that a lot of American institutions would not be paid. What is a liability on Lehman Brothers' balance sheet as an asset--or was listed as an asset on the balance sheet of so many U.S. institutions.    Dr. Johnson, does the law require that the FSOC impose significant additional standards on regional institutions that may just happen to be over $50 billion?    Mr. Sherman. So you are saying that if you are a regional bank and you are over $50 billion, you don't get the honor of being designated a systemically important financial institution, with all that honor entails.    Mr. Sherman. So the regulators could, under the law, simply gather some information about institutions $50 billion to $100 billion and decide you are a plain vanilla large institution, or largish institution, you don't face any additional scrutiny? Or do they have to impose some additional scrutiny on everybody over $50 billion?    Mr. Sherman. But not necessarily any higher capital standards?    Mr. Sherman. I just have 40 seconds.    What limits are there on bank holding companies in issuing credit default swaps? Because that is kind of how we got into this trouble to begin with.    Mr. Sherman. And whether that is a bank holding--    Mr. Sherman. --company or otherwise.    I yield back.