    Mr. Purdy. Chairman DeSantis, Ranking Member Lynch, distinguished members of the subcommittee, thank you for inviting me today to testify on this important issue.    As I was driving down here this morning, I thought back to almost 14 years ago when I sat with an American young man from California, who actually was radicalized in California, traveled overseas to Pakistan, made his way into Afghanistan where he trained in a terrorist training camp. Today, individuals here in the United States don't have to undertake that journey that this individual from California did 14 years ago. Today, anybody with a smart phone or a computer can become radicalized online.    Radicalization today takes so many different forms. There is no single pathway for someone becoming radicalized. And, yet, we see groups like Al Qaeda, al Nusra, ISIS all using social media and Internet today to act as enablers, providing a medium for these individuals seeking that path of self-radicalization. We see many works like Milestones, The Call to Global Jihad by Abu Musab al Suri, Constants on the Path of Jihad by Anwar al-Awlaki. These constant themes keep coming up in ISIS, al Nusra, and other terrorist social media, seeking to help radicalize these individuals before they go overseas and travel. These works constantly come up. And individuals here in the United States that have gone to social media sites, like some that you have mentioned in your opening statements, have helped to manipulate and motivate these individuals to undertake activities that run the spectrum from raising money, providing material support, undertaking to fight jihad here in the United States, traveling overseas to enter countries, Turkey, Greece, and others on there way to fight in Iraq and Syria, to plotting operations here in the United States.    Many of these individuals that we see have started that process of radicalization by going online, using the Internet. Individuals like Nidal Hasan, the Fort Hood shooter, exchanged dozens of emails with his spiritual mentor, Anwar al-Awlaki. American citizens, Awlaki and Adam Gadahn, both radicalized and recruited other individuals, sending people to various sites to help develop their radicalization. Virtual mentors today have communicated with potential recruits and others to deliver their messages to these individuals in blogs, Web sites, chatrooms, and forums.    The use of encrypted communication today, is a barrier in which law enforcement has to deal with to try to get to the bottom of this very challenging problem. Adam Gadahn, in a propaganda video years ago, stated, I advise every brother who wants to work for this religion not to undertake any action before taking advantage of the wide range of resources available today on the Internet. Whether a group like Al Qaeda, Al Nusra, or ISIS, they all constantly point those individuals, seeking to wage jihad, here in the United States or abroad to the Internet. The United States faces various challenges from homegrown violent extremists who have been radicalized to launch attacks here in the United States.    We have seen a growing list of Americans who have traveled to fight jihad and support terrorists groups like ISIS overseas. Former director of the FBI, speaking about Americans who had gone overseas to fight, stated, it raises the question of whether these young men will one day come home. And, if so, what type of things will they undertake here.    Today, any American uses social media to gain any sort of information and an understanding of all kinds of things that are placed on the Internet. But these individuals are using this particular platform so that they can gain access to jihadi fighters in theater and also to help recruit and radicalize potential American fighters. The number of American fighters that have taken selfies, created digital propaganda of themselves, fuse this particular effort that we see.    Since the Syrian conflict escalated, we have seen over 300 Americans attempt to or travel to or fight in Syria. Individuals like Nicole Mansfield, convert to Islam from Flynt, Michigan. Individuals from Virginia, Massachusetts, Florida have all gone and fought overseas. An American from Florida, on May 25, 2014, actually went and became their first suicide bomber in Syria. He grew up in a gated community. This particular social media platform is the fire that fuels the radicalization and the challenge that we face. I would say one additional thing that we need to understand.    Mr. Purdy. I think the tools that we constantly see people using on social media are videos and also referring individuals to books and others individuals who can help in that radicalization process. You know, 14 years ago when that kid from California was going down that pathway of radicalization, he had to go and sit with somebody out there in California not in a mosque but after mosque.    Today, these individuals, anybody with a phone can now go online and they're directed to particular sites where they can watch videos. They can actually be tweeting with somebody that's in Syria today who is sending them back pictures and look at what we are doing today. And especially for young people who ISIS is targeting, and they are targeting young individuals. If we look at the people, the individuals who have been locked up the last year, you know, the individuals are clearly, there are certain themes, they're all very young, they're disenfranchised in one way or another.    Last night, I just happened to, in speaking to a group, I had a girl come up and speak to me. And she said I was a student with Zachary Chesser in Falls Church, Virginia, I went to high school with him. And these are some things that I remember about this. And this individual kind of what changed as this young woman knew him, kind of that radicalization process. She said all of a sudden, he started growing a beard. All of a sudden, he started not hanging out with kids and individuals, that almost self-cloistering of this one individual, and then changing and not wanting anything to do with females or other Westerners.    And we have seen that from Mohammad Sidique Khan in London with the July 2005 bombers that, again, self-radicalized themselves, being able to go online and go to particular sites where they can acquire this information.    Mr. Purdy. Yes, the Mirror Image Training to Combat Terrorism is a program that we designed almost 14 years ago to allow law enforcement, military, and intelligence to step into the shoes of a terrorist cell or a network. And the idea behind that was what Sun Tzu said, you know, if you know the enemy and you know yourself, you're going to be able to defeat them. And so what we came up with after a series of interviews with some individuals, we thought that would be a good training format to get people to understand, first and foremost, what is it that these terrorists are trying to do.    One of the things I think we have to do a better job is getting people to understand what terrorist organizations are trying to do, when they put a communication online. So through Mirror Image, we would take a group of usually 40, 50 people, and for a week to 2 weeks, we would show them by having them become the terrorists.    So FBI, law enforcement, military, military intelligence, intelligence folks, so that they could then actually have done this. Usually they're working against these individuals, but it's been quite eye-opening for these individuals to see it from the other side. There's a lot of great lessons that can be learned by reading what they're putting out, by doing the types of things that they do, and trying to get people to understand that mentality so as they combat these individuals, they'll have a greater understanding and hopefully be able to deal with the situation.    Mr. Purdy. I have had military individuals tell me that when they went to Iraq, that training saved lives. I've had law enforcement individuals say what we learned in your program enabled us to not only understand the terrorists, but to be somewhat predictive in what a terrorist was attempting to do, so yes, sir.    Mr. Purdy. I think one of the problems we have is when the United States removes leaders, and there's kind of a historical list in this region from Egypt, kind of Mubarak; Yemen, Salah; Libya, Qadhafi, and now we're talking about removing or trying to push out the President of Syria. None of these individuals are angels, and none of these individuals are people that our government would want to truly be partnered with because of human rights and all kinds of other things that these individuals have done.    But when we push one of these leaders out, there always seems to be a void that's created. And what we constantly see is whether it's AQAP or al Qaeda or ISIS, they step right into that void that we have had a hand in kind of creating. And it causes us long-term problems because now as we try to look and gain coalition partners and other people, there are other geopolitical reasons maybe why somebody might want to go in and do something or hold back because we have created a mess.