    Dr. McNutt. Congressman Benishek, I would like to add two things, actually. The first is in reference to the physician that was brought up during the first panel. I personally worked hand in hand with HR to recruit for all of our CBOCs at Iron Mountain. The day that that physician's name was handed to me as somebody who might potentially be interested, I was on the phone to her that night.    She indeed did interview with me twice. She was offered a full-time position and declined.    Dr. McNutt. Yes. I offered her either the Sault or Iron Mountain.    Dr. McNutt. And she declined the position.    I agree with Mr. Rice's testimony that we often advertise a position----    Dr. McNutt. Congressman Benishek, I think you probably recognize this is not just a VA issue. Congresswoman Brownley brought up there is a dearth of physicians to hire. We quite often get no replies from physicians when we are recruiting.    Dr. McNutt. We have not had a single applicant other than the one we discussed earlier.    Dr. McNutt. I wouldn't say that. I encourage, and I am sure that you being part of this medical community you know this, that we often talk among ourselves, and my cell phone is out everywhere. I encourage anyone who is interested to call me personally. I keep an ongoing file of anyone who might have interest in working for us. So I would say that as a leadership group, Mr. Rice has been very receptive to increasing FTE when we have a qualified candidate.    Dr. McNutt. I would comment on two things there, Congressman Benishek. Number one is that we provide guarantees, and our NPs and PAs are highly qualified for what they do. They also have instant access to a physician. They all have a collaborating physician. One of our very useful pieces of technology is instant messaging. While sitting in an exam room, one of those providers can instant message the chief of primary care, me, their collaborator, saying they have a clinical question.    Dr. McNutt. It occurs all the time, not just in Sault Ste. Marie but all of our CBOCs. They also all have my cell phone, and they will text me saying can you give me a quick phone, which we do. The chief of primary care and I, since this is a small community, are extremely receptive to mentoring and serving as the M.D. when they need one.    Dr. McNutt. So, for example, when you are hiring a new provider, let's say you hire an NP for a site, and they will start out with a limited number of patients while they learn to use the computer system and try to understand our record. So they may send me an instant message saying I have a patient here who has a question about a referral. Where do I send this patient? How do I enter this consult? Or they may send me a question saying do you know who the pulmonologist is in Milwaukee? Questions that are usually related to systems, though on occasion they do ask a medical question also. But they have almost literally instant access to a physician.    Dr. McNutt. It has been more logistical than it has been medical. Our NPs and PAs are extremely well trained for the majority of chronic care that they deliver.    Dr. McNutt. For all of our mid-level providers--NPs, PAs--they always have the option if they feel the patient's medical situation is too complex for them to provide for care, they always have the option of referring that patient to an M.D.    Dr. McNutt. We do provide primary care. We have two physicians who provide primary care by tele. As he commented, not everyone is fond of tele, but we have many patients who come in and they do like telehealth. I do have the option to assign patients to a tele-practice where the primary care doctor is not located here but is the assigned physician of record for a patient.    Dr. McNutt. Yes, it is possible.    Dr. McNutt. Yes, we can do that.