    Mr. Langevin. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I want to thank our witnesses, Secretary Stackley and General Williamson and Mr. Lombardi. Thank you for your testimony and for the time and attention you are putting into this area.    Obviously, we all consider acquisition reform critical if we are going to continue to maintain our technological edge going forward, as well as make better use of taxpayer dollars. We have often heard it repeated that the U.S. risks losing military technological superiority across a variety of domains if reforms are not made to improve the DOD's acquisition process. So do you believe that the current acquisition process does take so long that the technology actually becomes obsolete by the time it reaches the warfighter? On balance, is that what is happening today given----    Mr. Langevin. I think it is obviously critically important in areas in particular where procurement timelines often don't align with budget timelines, such as cyber, which moves pretty rapidly. Let me turn to, can you discuss the effectiveness of the DIUx initiative and In-Q-Tel initiatives improving access to industry and overcoming transition challenges? I know you have touched on those topics this morning, but I would like to get an update on how they are working at this point.    General Williamson. So, sir, I would like to start. I should be dancing on the table in regards to the kind of access and exposure that we are starting to see from both DIUx, but also the engagement with In-Q-Tel. I just recently spent recently an afternoon with the folks at In-Q-Tel and just the introduction to the innovative companies that, quite frankly, I had no situational awareness on and their interest now in coming into the defense space I think is going to pay tremendous dividends.    But I really discovered, though, from the DIUx side is this, I would call it a gap, quite frankly, between the companies out there who have not operated in the defense space, the normal defense space, and their understanding of the types of products, the wide range of products that we build. So we have this perception of social networking and software only, but I would tell you that their engineering talent is sufficient--it is significant, rather. So I think that we have just started to break ground, and part of this effort is to continue to expose them to the types of requirements we have. If there is a challenge, it is one that was stated earlier, and that is, so historically we have not been great customers. Their cycle times, their business processes work much faster, and as a result, it is difficult for them to understand the time it takes for us to get to yes and start building something. So it starts with exposure, and I think what we have to do on our side is make sure that we are tightening up some of the lengthy processes that we have.    Mr. Langevin. Thank you.    The Chairman. Thank you.    Mr. Rogers.