    Mr. Schrader. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Interesting panel and interesting discussion. It is nice to hear a fairly upbeat panel in front of us these days and you're at the ground zero for making this whole thing work and I guess our job is to hopefully help you that way.    A question--doesn't matter, Dr. Wergin, I guess--how to the incentives, in your opinion, on MIPS and the APMs align in terms of the dollar value?    Mr. Schrader. So who decides the quality measures that are--how much do the physicians or other medical providers play into that?    Mr. Schrader. So Dr. McAneny, is there--is there a form right now for medical providers to share in ways to succeed under a MIPS or APM model?    Mr. Schrader. I think it would be a good idea to make sure folks could share and, you know, hey, I'm on--I'm doing the MIPS thing and here's how I succeed--here's--I'm going APMs and here's a way you could succeed there.    You know, a lot of--to your guys' points these are small business men and women just trying to, you know, keep their practice open in addition to practicing great medicine and so they're going to need some help. Their practice managers, hopefully, would be able to access some of the--some of the data.    Dr. Bailet, with regard to EHR, I mean, I hear a lot of conflicting things when I go back home from my medical community. It's yes, it's really good--we're getting into that interoperability or geez, it's terrible--I can't get my lab report to speak to my physician office, you know, and my--I come from Oregon.    In my State it's all pretty much Epic and so I'm totally confused as to if we're winning or losing on the EHR front. And then to your comment, you know, the feedback to the physician or to the office--maybe it's not the physician, maybe it's the practice manager about hey, you know, I'm reading all this stuff and it looks like if I treat this pancreatic patient this way, based on national data that we've helped supply, is that stuff out there or is that the stuff you're talking about hopefully will come?    Mr. Schrader. Probably not.    Mr. Schrader. Excellent. I yield back, Mr. Chairman. Thank you all very much.