    Mr. Shimkus. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. It has been a good hearing. I think we have talked about a broad-range of different issues that you all are dealing with.    I have two, one has already been asked. So, that will save me a little bit of time. In the country right now, there is a revolt brewing in the country. And I attribute it to a couple of things. One thing I attribute it to is an understanding of the legislative activities of passing of bills and then the bill being signed into law, also understanding that the Executive Branch is defined by the constitution to enforce those laws.    So, when we see duly passed statutes in a law and then an agency disregard that, that is kind of leading to this revolt and this frustration out there. And I can say I mean I just came through a primary and so I was with the public 24/7 for 2 months and it is visceral and it is real.    So, Commissioner Pai, I want to ask this question first because this is an example. I think it spreads across the agencies, not just here.    So, we passed a bill signed into law on joint service agreements that then delayed that for 10 years. It wasn't ambiguous. There weren't exceptions included. It just said all JSAs. Of course I think you were surprised. I was shocked to see that last month that the chairman's office forcing parties to eliminate JSAs through merger review.    How is this not an example of this frustration out in America of an agency disregarding the clear statute of law and congressional intent? And could you comment on that?    Mr. Shimkus. Commissioner O'Rielly?    Mr. Shimkus. And I just want to end on this. Because this kind of also talks about this aspect. I am very concerned about the FCC process debate and the opening statements on that because maybe some of these things that have occurred, had there been an open process--you know what? I would call on the commissioners to enact civil disobedience and disregard the chairman's edict. And if the chairman can speak to people anyplace, anytime on something coming down, I would challenge you. I did some research. No one has done that yet. But by golly, if there is ever a time to fight for transparency in the rule of law, it is now. It is in this environment. And I would encourage you to do that.    And I yield back my time.