    Mr. Posey. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman. And thank you so much for letting me participate in your Committee today. Doctor Yehia, I hate to be redundant, but my concerns are very similar to those expressed by virtually every other Member of the Subcommittee. In my congressional district, we are already losing doctors because they have had such a bureaucratic nightmare trying to get paid. The physician's billing department is being told that it is something they did wrong, even when they make the required changes. It is as much as five months time. And from what I have heard, my guys are lucky it is only taking them five months to get paid.    Can you tell me what is being done to shorten the time between billing and payment? And what I mean by that is, besides just saying this is what we are doing, can you tell me where it has been enacted? Or have you got rules that have changed that?    Mr. Posey. East Central Florida, yes.    Mr. Posey. Well I would appreciate it if you would come to our district and do that. Veterans who use the Veterans Choice Program, they are usually those in pain who cannot wait for long periods of time, obviously, to get treatment. For instance, spinal surgery, knee, hip replacements, and things like that. Why are they getting paperwork authorizing the procedures and care that expire before the paperwork is even generated?    Mr. Posey. Good, I am glad to hear that. What percentage of employees that handle veterans health care have a military service background?    Mr. Posey. You know, I mean, when we hear from you, all it, you know, sounds like everything is going to be quickly headed toward roses, and of course you all have been hearing that probably as long as you have been serving on this Committee. And, but when we get back in the districts and we seem to encounter claims people, for example, that do not seem quite frankly, and simply to have much respect for our veterans. And I wonder if you have ever considered making prior military service a condition of employment, at least in those departments, where it is, you know, point of service?    Mr. Posey. No, my thought, it's just respect for the customer, you know, so they do not get the fast foot shuffle and the razzle dazzle. And I mean somebody is giving them authorizations that expired before they got the paperwork. Now nobody who respects the veteran that they are there to serve would do something that stupid. And so my thought is, maybe the claims people that process the claims actually ought to not get some kind of sensitivity training, maybe there ought to be a requirement that they have had military service, that they have some respect for the job.    Mr. Posey. I am sorry, Mr. Chairman. I went over. I apologize.