    Mr. Farenthold. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    And actually Mr. Levin has a great lead in to my question. We are a bunch of lawyers up here that spend a lot of time looking at this and getting into the weeds. I want to take a step back and look at the big picture of this.    We recently enacted Dodd-Frank, which is a very burdensome regulatory scheme, which went--from what I hear from a lot of banks and from a lot of people, seeking to borrow from banks. We got a situation where just recently we had the increased liquidity rules that we've been talking about. We really are looking at a very worse case scenario, something that none of us can imagine at this point.    Can--maybe Mr. Bernstein, can you give me an idea? What kind of bankruptcy events are we talking about here?    Mr. Farenthold. All right. Now, again, I think we're kind of get into the weeds now. And then again, this may be a little bit off topic of the bill, but would all of you agree that we really are dealing with a worse-case scenario situation here, something that is very--is not foreseeable at this point, would anybody disagree with that on the panel? I see no one does, so let me go on to my second question and----    Mr. Farenthold. Okay. Let me go on to my second question. Mr. Hessler--or did you want to weigh in on this first?    Mr. Farenthold. Right.    Mr. Farenthold. And obviously the taxpayers could potentially be left holding the bag if the Federal regulators aren't----    Mr. Farenthold. Right.    Mr. Farenthold. Got you. All right. My other question is, one of the objections we're hearing to Subchapter V is it actually increases the incentive for private regulation, which I would guess is say the creditors putting more creditor favorable terms, you know, regulations are by the creditors rather than by the government.    Do you believe the bill increases the incentive for the creditors of banks to put in these more burdensome requirements for the banks or no?    Mr. Farenthold. And Actually Mr. Bernstein wants the weigh in on this as well.    Mr. Farenthold. Thank you very much. I see my time has expired, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Farenthold. Thank you.