    Mr. Duncan. A quorum being present, the subcommittee will come to order, and I would now like to recognize myself for an opening statement. Before I do, I will mention that votes will be called during this hearing, and we will adjourn. We will see how far we get, and then we will adjourn and possibly come back. And if we get far enough, we may just adjourn the hearing all together. But we will just see how far we get.    Also, I want to ask unanimous consent for Tom Rooney from Florida, to sit on the dais when he gets here and offer a statement.    Without objection, so ordered.    As a businessman who is involved in the real estate industry, I have a keen level of interest in today's subcommittee hearing to examine the issues of property rights in Cuba, and U.S. and Cuban property claims against the Castro regime. I believe that in the Obama administration's zeal to engage the Castro regime at any cost, we have lost sight of a critical issue that has not received the priority that it deserves. Thousands of Americans and Cuban citizens suffered humiliation and financial distresses of having their private property stolen from them, some of them at gunpoint. Today there has been no justice for that their claims.    Lest we forget, I think it is important for the American people to remember what led in part the U.S. embargo against Cuba. In 1959, Fidel Castro brutally seized power and quickly nationalized the American-dominated sugar and mining industries. He froze bank accounts and confiscated property from thousands of both Cuban and American citizens and businesses in what the Inter-American Law Review called the largest uncompensated taking of American property by a foreign government in history.    This stealing of American private property in part led the U.S. severing diplomatic relations with Cuba in 1961 and enacting a trade embargo and sanctions. In 1964, President John F. Kennedy signed a bill into law authorizing the U.S. Foreign Claims Settlement Commission to begin a Cuba program to address the claims of U.S. citizens against the Castro regime. Since that time, the Commission has adjudicated almost 8,900, 8,900 U.S. claims, finding almost 6,000 of those claims to be certified. When we look at the financial value of these claims today, the total cost comes to over $6 billion.    Now the Obama administration's reengagement with the Communist Castro regime, restoration of diplomatic ties, and pursuit of normalized relations have been performed ostensibly to empower the Cuban people. However, I have not seen any evidence of things getting better for the Cuban people. In fact, since December's announcement, we have seen almost a 120-percent increase in the number of Cubans fleeing to the United States; over 3,000 political arrests by the Castro regime; spikes in violence against democracy activists; and re-arrest of most of the 53 political prisoners who were released as part of the December agreement.    The American people who decided to travel to Cuba under the relaxed Obama administration rule should at least be aware that their decision to spend money on Cuban hotels, tourism, rum, or cigars directly props up the Communist military intelligence services and human rights abusers in the Castro regime. Americans should know that the hotel they vacation in may very well be a property that was stolen from an American citizen.    As I stated at our last subcommittee hearing on Cuba back in February, I strongly oppose the Obama administration's decision to normalize relations with the oppressive Communist Cuba Castro regime. U.S. law requires a change of the very nature of the regime through the establishment of democracy and allowance of freedom. U.S. law also requires the resolution of property claims issue.    In 1996, Congress expressed its intent in the Libertad Act stating that the satisfactory resolution of property claims by the Cuban Government recognized by the United States remains an essential condition for the full resumption of economic and diplomatic relations between the United States and Cuba. That Libertad Act is not being followed by the Obama administration.    If we are truly going to reengage with the Communist Castro regime, then I believe it is critical that we not only follow U.S. law, but for the purposes of upholding the rule of law worldwide, we negotiate only from a position of strength on the issue of property claims. Should we fail to do that, I fear that we would be setting a terrible example and signaling to other bad actors around the world that they will face no consequences for stealing American property. This would be a terribly harmful message to send.    Last year I had the privilege of traveling with the full committee Chairman Royce, Ed Royce, and Ranking Member Engel in a bipartisan delegation to South America, where we visited some of our best partners in the hemisphere, including Colombia and Peru. During our visit to Peru, I was personally delighted to sit with award-winning Peruvian economist Hernando de Soto one evening over dinner. Hernando is known best for his work on the informal economy and on the importance of business and property rights. The main message of de Soto's work and writings is that no nation can have a strong market economy without adequate participation in an information framework that records ownership of property and other formal economic activity.    It is in this spirit that I wanted to convene this hearing today because, in Cuba, most of what passes for economic activity is simply informal opportunities for the Castro brothers and the Cuban military to siphon off money to prop themselves up, spy on their people, deny basic human rights, and beat and torture people who disagree with them.    So, in conclusion, the future of property rights in Cuba and the issue of U.S. claims against the Communist Castro regime should not be forgotten in any U.S.-Cuba reengagement. These issues impact not only U.S. business claimants with the highest amounts of certified law, such as Cuba Electric Company, North American Sugar Industries or Moa Bay Mining Company; these issues also have devastated individuals and families for generations.    Today I hope that experiences that the witnesses will share will inform our actions, offer constructive ideas on what a responsible and just outcome on this issue would involve, and motivate the Obama administration to prioritize the needs of the American people above a legacy achievement with the Communist Castro regime. This hearing could not come at a more important time as recent press reports have indicated that the Obama administration has already made key concessions on limiting American diplomats' activities and a possible future Embassy in Havana, which follows its removal of Cuba from the State Sponsors of Terrorism list last month even though Cuba continues to harbor terrorists and proliferate weapons to bad actors around the world.    With that, I look forward to hearing from our two panels of witnesses today, and I will now turn to the ranking member, Mr. Albio Sires, for his opening statement.    Mr. Duncan. Thank you, Ranking Member.    By unanimous consent, we allowed Representative Rooney from Florida to sit on the dais. I now recognize Mr. Rooney for an opening statement.    Mr. Duncan. I want to thank the gentleman from Florida for his comments and remind other members that opening statements may be submitted for the record.    Before I recognize the panel, let me just explain the lighting system. You have got 5 minutes. The light will be green until it gets to 1 minute. It will turn yellow, and then when you are out of time, it will be red. At that point in time, if you could just wrap up your final statement. And you have submitted your testimony for us beforehand, which we have had the opportunity to read, and so if you don't get through the complete statement, we have it. We have read it. We are understanding.    But we want to get you on the record verbally, so I will now recognize our panelists, and our first panelist is Mr.--if I pronounce this wrong--Tamargo.    Mr. Duncan. Mr. Tamargo, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Duncan. I thank the gentleman.    In my haste, I failed to mention the biographies of the witnesses and panelists are in our binders, and we have had the opportunity to read through those.    Mr. Bradley, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Duncan. Well, I want to thank the panelists for excellent opening statements.    I want to align myself with the comments by Representative Rooney. One of the fundamental principles of a free society and free economy is private property ownership. And the understanding that if you invest money in real estate, develop a home or a business, or business property, or even develop a business in general, that you own that property, and you have some sort of free assurances that it won't be confiscated by a government, whether it is this government or a government abroad if you are an American investor.    And so the claims are clear that Americans and Cuban Americans--the Foreign Claims Settlement Commission has adjudicated a lot of these, as we have heard. So now we see the Obama administration acting in defiance of the 1996 Libertad Act and really in defiance, I think, of what the Foreign Claims Settlement Commission has proven through its adjudication. And so what is the role of the Foreign Claims Settlement Commission if we are just going to ignore its findings, if we are not going to apply those findings to future negotiations and normalization of trade?    So the question I have to you is what role do you expect the FCSC to play in relation to the State Department's prioritization of the resolution of almost 6,000 certified claims? What role is the FCSC playing now with the administration?    Mr. Tamargo?    Mr. Duncan. But it sounds to me like the State Department is ignoring.    Mr. Duncan. Right. So there have been two Cuba programs with FCSC?    Mr. Duncan. Almost 9,000 claims have been brought before those two programs. Should there be a third?    Mr. Duncan. Right.    Mr. Duncan. Millions of those that were Cubans at the time the property was seized that are now Cuban Americans because they have immigrated here.    Mr. Duncan. But the way I see it, they still have claims on property back in Cuba that was seized by the government when businesses were nationalized.    Go ahead, sir.    Mr. Duncan. Which doesn't seem willing at this point in time to make any concessions. They are just saying: Okay, we will open up our relations. We are not going to change our principles of economic freedom or the lack thereof. We are not going to give the Cuban people more freedom of speech, more freedom to peacefully assembly, more freedom to worship, more freedom to the Internet and access to free press, no information sharing.    They are being kept in the dark. They had their property seized, and yet the Castro brothers are sitting there making demands on the United States Government if we want to go back in there and normalize relations. The Cubans aren't doing anything.    And so just a followup question, do you think the Obama administration's policy changes on Cuba will have any effect on the status of these 6,000 claims?    Mr. Duncan. Oh, we are all hopeful.    Mr. Duncan. Amen to that.    Mr. Duncan. And, honestly, I think the Congressmen and women that I talk to believe that we ought to keep the embargo in place until some of this is addressed, but I don't have a poll on that.    Mr. Bradley, would you like to add anything to this discussion? If not, I am going to move on to the ranking member.    Mr. Duncan. All right. Well, I appreciate it. I am going to turn to the ranking member. As you can see, I am a little passionate about this issue because I believe that the Castro brothers are making immense demands on the United States for this normalization. And the administration is just giving in over and over and over without asking for concessions from the Cuban Government if we are going go forward with this, more concessions for the Cuban people, which I have a heart for. And you heard some of the things I talked about.    But I think that--I go back to Tom Rooney's comments, one of the fundamental principles of a free society and free economy is the right to own property, an understanding that I own this parcel, and you own that parcel, and I have got fee simple claims to this.    And so I think this is an important aspect that I am glad we are doing this hearing today because before we go forward any more, this issue has to be addressed and I am glad we are addressing it today.    I turn to the ranking member.    Mr. Duncan. Thank you, Ranking Member.    The chair will now go to Mr. DeSantis from Florida.    Mr. Duncan. I want to thank the gentleman.    And I was just monitoring votes, which they say they are going to call in a few minutes.    So Mr. Donovan from New York is recognized.    Mr. Duncan. The gentleman--finished?    Mr. Duncan. Okay. I want to thank the gentleman. He is a brand new member of the subcommittee, and we want to welcome him, a new Member of Congress as well.    They have just called votes, so what we would like to do is go into recess, pending call of the chair. Come back as soon as we can after the last vote, and what we will do is, we will adjourn this panel. And when we reconvene, we will bring up the next panel.    I want to thank the panelists for being here, great testimony, and great work, and I look forward to working with you.    And, with that, we will stand in recess.    Mr. Duncan. We will go ahead and reconvene the hearing and welcome our second panel. Their biographies are in the information provided to the committee beforehand.    I will go ahead and recognize Dr. Garcia-Bengochea.    Mr. Duncan. I want to thank you for that testimony.    I want to thank all the witnesses for sharing their stories with us today.    I recognize Ms. Chester lamb.    Mr. Duncan. Thank you, Ms. Chester Lamb.    Ms. Rosoff, 5 minutes.    Mr. Duncan. Thank you so much for that testimony.    Ms. Anna-Lee Stangl.    Mr. Duncan. I want to thank all the panelists.    As you may have heard, there was a murder of nine people in my State yesterday evening, and I am going to have to step out of the hearing.    I am going to ask Mr. Yoho to accept running the rest of the hearing.    I want to thank the panelists before I leave. Your testimony was valuable, and I have enjoyed learning about this issue, and I stand passionately with for you for your property rights.    With that, I will turn this over to Mr. Yoho.