    Mr. Russell. The chair now recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania, Mr. Cartwright, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Russell. The gentleman yields back.    The chair will now recognize himself for 5 minutes. I do appreciate your service. And when we have had you here in hearings before, it is obvious that you serve administration to administration in attempts to make our system both lawful and to secure our country.    However, that doesn't necessarily negate the fact that we still have problems. As Mr. Lynch pointed out earlier about those that were enlisted on fields of battle to gain their citizenship, I just might point out, having commanded some soldiers in foreign fields in that category, they were legally here in this country and had been properly vetted with no criminal histories.    And that's the essence of what we're getting at here today is within the constructs of enforcing the law and doing these things that we must do, we can't just let policies, political, regardless of administration, take away our immigration process and result in the crimes that we are discussing, penetration of our borders that weaken our national security and could open us up even to terrorist attack.    Mr. Roth, is it correct that the Department does not collect and analyze data on the use of prosecutorial direction?    Mr. Russell. Can you explain why this is significant?    Mr. Russell. Well, did DHS explain what data it reviewed in setting those priorities for apprehension, detention, removal of undocumented immigrants, illegal aliens?    Mr. Russell. I think on this theme, part of the concern is that these data gaps weaken our immigration enforcement efforts. Director Saldana, I have read reports where ICE agents have complained they have not been able to access alien criminal history. What is being done to take corrective action on criminal history record access to make sure that they can see the problem before it becomes a problem?    Mr. Russell. I know you have had some efforts in the Intensive Supervision Program, and that's laudable. But the problem is what is being done to ensure that the Intensive Supervision Program is maintained until the immigration status of the individual is determined? Right now, there have been identified gaps where that supervision is neglected before their immigration status is done. And why is that? And what will you do to correct that?    Mr. Russell. Well, I appreciate those answers. Unfortunately, as time moves by, we see some drastic consequences. I am out of time.    And I will now recognize the gentleman from California, Mr. Lieu.    Mr. Russell. Without objection.    Mr. Russell. The gentleman has yielded back.    And the chair will now recognize the vice chairman, Mr. Mulvaney from South Carolina, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Russell. The chair now recognizes the gentlelady from Illinois, Ms. Kelly.    Mr. Russell. The chair now recognizes the gentleman from Georgia, Mr. Hice, 5 minutes.    Mr. Russell. The gentleman yields back.    The chair now recognizes the gentlelady from New Mexico, Ms. Lujan Grisham, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Russell. Without objection.    Mr. Russell. Without objection.    Mr. Russell. And the gentlelady's time is now expired. Votes have just been called.    However. I do believe that we will have time to get through the next two members' questions.    And, with that, the chair will now recognize the gentleman from North Carolina, Mr. Walker.    Mr. Russell. Gentleman or, I'm sorry, the chair now recognizes the gentlelady from D.C., Ms. Norton. And I would ask for brevity so that we can accommodate the last two members here.    Mr. Russell. Without objection.    Mr. Russell. The gentlelady yields back.    The chair now recognizes the gentleman from Georgia, Mr. Carter, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Russell. So noted.