    Mr. Perlmutter. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And thank you to the panel for appearing today. Thank you for your testimony.    Obviously, Dr. Danielson, I just want to congratulate you at EERE and the Department of Energy for its part--its role in really reducing the cost of photovoltaics, wind turbines, biomass efforts, because I would say that I am about competition, and the more competition that we have among energy sources the better off we are going to be. And we are seeing a reduction in demand, so that may be the efficiency side of EERE. We see other sources in terms of photovoltaics, wind, biomass, fusion, nuclear, all as competitive pieces, and now we see a giant drop in the price of oil which, in the past, has been difficult for the energy sector as a whole because it wiped our domestic energy, you know, whether it was oil and gas, fossil fuels, coal, or renewables. Our renewable energy efforts, can it withstand this drop in oil prices, Dr. Danielson?    Mr. Perlmutter. Will people continue to participate in this?    Mr. Perlmutter. And I guess I would ask the economists on the panel. Mr. Loris, you, Dr. de Rugy, I mean I guess I am taking it as an axiom that more competition is better than less. Would you agree with me on that?    Mr. Perlmutter. It was a yes or no.    Dr. de Rugy. Yes.    Mr. Perlmutter. Okay.    Mr. Perlmutter. Okay. So, Dr. de Rugy, I want to--you know, we are talking about the politics, and we are in the Congress of the United States of America, this is politics here, okay, because different people have different desires for different things. And so I am speaking today as an elected official. I used to be a bankruptcy lawyer handling big Chapter 11 bankruptcies, so I got to see the dark side of business and take them apart. In connection with subsidies and incentives, do you know how much in way of incentives, either by oil depletion allowances or other kinds of deductions, we give to the oil and gas industry?    Dr. de Rugy. I don't know the exact amount.    Mr. Perlmutter. It is about $13.4 billion, which is pretty much--if you take all the tax deductions available to the renewable energy sources, they are pretty equivalent. I think they are about the same, solar and wind. It may be in a perfect world we shouldn't provide any incentives to either one, but I am a guy who thinks I want more energy sources, not less, I want more competition, not less, and if I am going to subsidize one, I am going to support the other so that we can get the best of both worlds. Does that makes sense to you, or is that----    Dr. de Rugy. Well, at least----    Mr. Perlmutter. --am I mistaken?    Dr. de Rugy. At least you are consistent.    Mr. Perlmutter. Good.    Dr. de Rugy. And see, I don't want subsidies on the fossil fuels that I don't want on green energy, so----    Mr. Perlmutter. Okay. The Chairman asked a question about, you know, our debt, and I serve on the Financial Services Committee as well, so it is the banking, stock market, housing, economy. And, you know, the one thing that I know from the last eight years having served on that, we had a surplus at the end of the Clinton Administration, Revenues exceeded expenses, and then we had two tax cuts, two wars, and a crash on Wall Street that is the bulk of the debt that this country has incurred. It wasn't the cost of EERE or any of the energy, or any of the other things. The bulk of it was these massive things and tax cuts, wars and crash. Would you agree with me on that?    Dr. de Rugy. Yeah, you--yes. Too much spending----    Mr. Perlmutter. Okay.    Dr. de Rugy. --for sure.    Mr. Perlmutter. Okay. Mr. Chairman, I appreciate the opportunity to serve on this committee, and I yield back.