    Mr. Polis. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I appreciate the committee moving forward on legislation to address the devastating debt crisis in one of our territories, Puerto Rico, which serves to remind me how the territory status is neither in the interest of our country nor Puerto Ricans. It is my distinct hope that Puerto Ricans will decide to apply for statehood soon and that we give that application favorable consideration promptly, should that be what the Puerto Rican people choose. Otherwise, we will be back here again in the Natural Resources Committee, where we would never be if this was a state, talking about something that we would never talk about if it was a state, and I think that we should have the same treatment that we would have for any other state in our country for Puerto Rico.    Rather than talk about working out the debt, I want to talk about economic growth and how we can get there. I think the only real way out of this, regardless of what we do and whether Congress tinkers or whether the courts tinker, is we need a higher rate of economic growth in Puerto Rico.    There have been some ideas bandied about here. I think it is no coincidence that with the expiration of section 936 tax credit is when the recession began in Puerto Rico. It may very well not be that instrument. I have a number of ideas, as many other colleagues do, about what we need to do to get a higher rate of economic growth in Puerto Rico. I don't think the answer is lowering the minimum wage with labor and mobility. I cannot imagine, you have a young person who is 20 years old, and they can either earn $4.50 or we have places going the other way on minimum wage, $12, $15. So, you cannot have that kind of delta and expect it to contribute to increased employment when you have labor mobility. The last thing we want to do is lure the best and brightest off the island, especially with the cost of the U.S. Treasury of picking up additional health care, dual-eligible Medicare/Medicaid beneficiaries, all of this cost.    We want a vibrant Puerto Rican economy, and I think we need to look at the way we can do that with all the weapons in our arsenal, including tax credits, including manufacturing, looking at the manufacturing economy. My question for Mayor Williams is, can you speak to the need for economic growth as a component to help Puerto Rico work through the issues of debt and financial responsibility, regardless of what comes out of this Chamber?    Mr. Polis. Thank you.    I yield to my colleague, Ms. Velazquez.