    Mr. KELLY. Thank you, Mr. Chairman and Chairman Hanna. Thank you both and Ranking Member. Thank all you witnesses for being here.    Just as a follow-up, more in a comment than a question with Chairman Hanna. Having been a small business owner, throughout my August I spent almost every day at town halls and those type of things with local folk and small businesses, veterans, being a member of the Mississippi National Guard and serving for over 30 years. I just left the National Guard Conference where I was there as a participant, not as a congressman.    It confuses me that we have think tank people in here, and I am not just talking about this panel, but I am talking about the entirety of the panels that have been here in 14 months. We have think tank panels. We have government employees. We have academia people who say that these rules have no effect on small businesses, but I have yet to have a small business person sit at that table and say that they felt that we did not have any effect. Most of the people that we have in front are just like you, three small business owners who actually own small businesses who say it has a tremendous impact on how we do business and whether we do business.    So I ask you to continue to fight as small businesses and continue to keep up the dialogue to let them know that these things impact because I, as you, and I think Mr. Christianson said this, as a small business owner, I know we pay our employers all that we can and we are going to preserve and keep and pay as well as we can, all small business employees because they are part of our family. They are. We want to see them do well.    That being said, this week I had Kopis Mobile, which is an app business that does a lot with DOD, and they are anchored in Flowood, Mississippi. Aside from keeping small businesses from being created and putting small businesses out of business, I am also concerned about the negative impact these regulations are having on innovation.    Ms. Huneycutt, can you talk a little more about how these actions will affect technological innovation?    Mr. KELLY. Mr. Hoffman, just briefly, have about 45 seconds left. What impact do all these new requirements have on the procurement process for small companies like yours?    Mr. KELLY. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I yield back.