    Mr. Smith. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And I agree with the chairman, you, General Austin, you have the toughest assignment in the military. The problems keep cropping up in many places. For, you know, over a decade we had the wars in both Afghanistan and Iraq. Those two areas are still problematic, but many others have been added since then. And I think the chairman did a pretty good exhaustive list looking at Syria and Yemen and other places.    And getting back to stability in that region is an enormous challenge. I will say that I think it sort of defies a comprehensive strategy where you come up with the strategy and then you just, you know, automatically plug it in no matter what happens. The problems evolve. They move in different directions, and they are contradictory.    Certainly, we are opposed to Assad's leadership in Syria. That, you know, bad leadership has led to all kinds of problems, but, you know, the alternative does not look much more attractive. So what is your solution? What do you do? There are no easy answers there, number one; number two, I think it would be a mistake for us to assume that it is either the U.S.'s responsibility or that we have the ability ourselves to solve these problems.    This is primarily a regional issue. This is primarily a problem of governance, leadership, religion, all manner of different issues colliding in that region. What we have to do is see how we can be part of helping to move those countries in a correct direction to get to greater stability. This is not something that the U.S. can come up with a plan and then go in there and implement it and fix Syria or fix Yemen or fix Iraq.    I think if we took that approach, that would be a mistake and would lead to greater pushback than it would to solutions. And obviously, one of the biggest problems in the region, aside from the Islamic extremists, like ISIL and Al Qaeda, is the Sunni-Shia split, you know, most exemplified by the split between Saudi Arabia and Iran. That complicates everything. In the offensive that we have just heard about launched against Tikrit is launched against ISIL. Obviously that is, you know, one of our foremost enemies that we want to see defeated. One of the countries leading that offensive is Iran, another country that we are troubled by. How do you sort of deal with all of those different complex situations?    And I think what I want to hear today personally is not that you have the answer. I am not going to put that burden on you, to say here is the strategy that is going to solve the problem. I want to hear how the U.S. can best use its resources to make the problem better instead of worse, understanding that it defies any sort of simple solution or defies any sort of U.S. solution.    And let me just say on Iran, on the idea that somehow if we do a deal with them we make them a threshold nuclear power, they have already done that. They made that decision and they moved forward. There is no deal--I think the deal that everybody wants is where we go in and we tell Iran you give everything up and we get to keep the sanctions on you. Well, I don't think Iran is going to go for that, so we have got to figure out what is the best approach. And the approach the administration is trying to take is trying to contain them to make sure that they cannot break out and get to a nuclear weapon.    If we don't reach a deal, the risk of that happening goes up exponentially because then Iran has nothing to lose. The sanctions are there. How do we monitor it? How do we pursue it? If we can get an agreement that severely limits their nuclear program so that we can be confident that they won't be able to get a nuclear weapon for at least a year or more without us first knowing that they are trying to do it, I think that is a significant improvement. If we walk away, the status quo is not to our advantage. There is no reason to believe that they won't expand their nuclear situation that could lead to even greater conflict in the region.    Again, I would prefer the answer that says Iran just walks away from the nuclear program, no questions asked. I just don't see that on the table. And I think that is but one example of the complex set of choices that we face here that defy easy answers, that defy a U.S. policy that is just going to solve the problem.    So in a complicated world, like I said, I look forward to hearing what we can do to hopefully contain the problem and move things in the right direction, understanding the limitations of our ability to simply solve them.    With that, I yield back.    The Chairman. I am pleased to welcome back Ms. Christine Wormuth, Under Secretary of Defense for Policy; and General Lloyd Austin, Commander of the U.S. Central Command as our guest witnesses today.    Without objection, both of your full written statements will be made part of the record, and we would invite you at this point to summarize your statements before we go to questions.    Ms. Wormuth.    Mr. Smith. Thank you.    Following up on the Iran issue, I mean, I certainly would prefer a situation where Iran gives up all of its nuclear capacity and, you know, we can take that off the table. And I don't think there is any disagreement with that. The question is, you know, how would we get there? And the answer is, at the moment, we wouldn't. Iran would not agree to that. And I suppose, as the Prime Minister suggested, we could simply hold out and hope for a better deal.    But one question I have is, as this--if we were to do that, if we were to walk away, our sanctions regime is dependent upon other countries agreeing to it. What is your view on what Russia and China and Europe would do in terms of maintaining their sanctions on Iran if we walked away from a deal? And how would that effect Iran's economy and the entire negotiation?    Mr. Smith. Okay. General Austin, do you have a comment or----    General Austin. I don't, sir. I certainly agree----    Mr. Smith. Okay.    General Austin . With what Ms. Wormuth has said, and I wouldn't have anything to add to that, sir.    Mr. Smith. Okay. And then the other piece of it is--I mean, there is a number of arguments. One of the arguments is that Iran frequently violates deals and doesn't do what they said they were going to. And if that is the case, there is really nothing we could do. You know, they are basically going to move forward and do whatever they are going to do and, you know, we are limited.    The more interesting question to me is: As has been pointed out, Iran has been a year or--depending on who you listen to, anywhere from 3 months to a year away from a nuclear weapon for, gosh, 10 years now at least. Why, in your estimation, have they not just gone ahead and built one?    Mr. Smith. Well, anyone can speculate.    Mr. Smith. Right.    Mr. Smith. Right. No. I mean, it is, I think, a cost-benefit analysis there. And, you know, arguably the dumbest policy Iran has pursued in the last, you know, 15 years is the pursuit of a nuclear weapon because they are doing all manner of other bad stuff, but this is the one that has united the international community against them and brought sanctions against them.    So, you know, I just think that it is worth it to continue to try to negotiate because if we could take the nuclear weapon off the table for some extended period of time in Iran, there is a big benefit to that. Just like, you know, for all of the missteps that happened in Syria, the fact that we were able to get rid of Syria's chemical weapons is certainly a positive given now that ISIL is, you know, running around a good chunk of Syria relatively free.    So I think we need to keep trying to figure out a way to get Iran to agree not to build that weapon. And I also think that it is clear from their past actions that it is--it is a 50/50 question for them. It is not something that they have 100 percent decided to do. Because if they had 100 percent decided to do it, it would be done at this point by even Prime Minister Netanyahu's own admission saying they have been, you know, 6 months away from a bomb for 15 years. So I hope we will keep trying to figure that out.    Final question. And I know this is impossible to answer but a huge part of the problem in the region--and, believe me, there are many. But one big part of the problem in the region is the Shia-Sunni split. As I mentioned in my opening remarks, we have the ironic situation of Iran fighting ISIL and all of the different, you know, disruptive activities that are going on in Lebanon and Syria and elsewhere.    And while we are trying to specifically contain the extremist threat that is ISIL, you know, part of what funded them early on was the notion of some of our allies in the region that, well, you know Assad is friends with Iran, so whatever we can do to go after him is fine and that added fuel to the fire.    Is there any hope of any sort of, you know, both sides, Shia and Sunni, coming to at least--I don't want to say a peace agreement--but figuring out how to better coexist in that region in a less extremist way?    General Austin. Sir, you are right. That is a difficult question to answer, and it involves some speculation going forward. But I would hope that we would approach this, at least, on a country-by-country basis at the outset. And certainly what we are trying to do in Iraq is, is ensure that the country stays together, it remains focused on the right things, that the government is accommodating to the Sunni population and the Kurdish population that is in the country which is, in my mind, you know, underlines or is a foundation for a lot of the problems that we have seen recently occur. So I think, you know, starting with that, I think it would be a good start.    Also, no matter how we got here in terms of how the activity was supported in the past, the encouraging thing is that what we see currently is a lot of countries in the region and across the globe coming together to try to work with us to stem the flow of foreign fighters, to also minimize opportunities for this enemy to resource itself, to finance itself. And I think those types of things will make a difference going forward.    And I will yield to Ms. Wormuth.    Mr. Smith. Yeah. And I am sorry, final question on Iran. I guess the big question is: If the negotiations fall apart, where does that leave us? Because if negotiations fall apart--and we are not even trying to get them to stop--at that point, you know, it is a wide open question. Is Iran going to pursue that nuclear weapon or not?    What do we do then? What do you think Israel does then? Do they wait and hope that, you know, the last decade continues and Iran doesn't step across that line? How does that affect the region?    Mr. Smith. Thank you.    The Chairman. Mr. Jones.