    Mr. Langevin. Thank you Mr. Chairman. And I want to thank our witnesses for testifying today on the President's fiscal year 2017 budget request for Special Operations Command and special operations forces.    And, General, in particular, thank you very much for your service. And I look forward to hearing the testimony from both of our witnesses today. And also welcome to you, Secretary Whelan.    Today in the midst of our discussions and debate about decreasing end strengths of general purpose forces, and plan drawdowns and contingencies overseas, our special operations forces continue to serve in a high operational tempo.    Special forces are the pinnacle of our strategy for defeating terrorists around the world, underpin our sensitive military operations, and stand ready to deploy on a moment's notice.    Although SOCOM has authority for spending on SOF-peculiar equipment and needs, we often neglect to recognize the reliance on general purpose forces and service budget's requirements ranging from enablers to facilities, to family counselors.    I hope today's hearing will provide a better understanding of the impact of those drawdowns and budget reductions of their enterprise as well as inform us of the process in place for ensuring that SOF service common needs are being budgeted for by the services, especially those that are necessary to preserve the health of the force and their families.    With regard to SOF-peculiar investments, I am pleased to see stability in the science and technology allocation, as well appropriate budgeting for these activities over the Future Years Defense Program.    Leveraging and spurring innovation is a theme across the Department in the budget request. And SOCOM certainly has experience in the area.    I appreciate the use of existing authorities to push the envelope rather than reinventing the wheel, examples being the recent SOFWERX Initiative and the utilization of the Small Business Innovation Research authority.    I also appreciate that in reaching to non-traditional defense partners, SOCOM continues to utilize the tremendous in-house capabilities available, such as our defense labs and DARPA programs.    So with that there is much to discuss in the hearing. And in order to allow for dialogue I am going to end my remarks by welcoming Ms. Theresa Whelan in her capacity as the Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense, Special Operations/Low-Intensity Conflict and performing the duties of Assistant Secretary for SOLIC.    With that I would also like to congratulate General Votel on his nomination to be the commander of Central Command. Again, General, I want to thank you for your extraordinary service and dedication to our country and look forward to your upcoming confirmation hearing.    So with that, Mr. Chairman, I yield back and look forward to the hearing. Thank you.    Mr. Langevin. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Again, thanks to both of our witnesses for being here today, what you are doing on behalf of the national security of our country.    To our witnesses, as one of directed energy's strongest advocates up here in the Congress, I just want to recognize that technology has tremendous potential to change the game in our favor.    It is also true that operationalizing this technology is certainly going to be no small feat. And, therefore, I urge SOCOM to leverage the work of the Department by integrating efforts with the Joint Technology Office before making significant investments.    And I support efforts to accelerate the appropriate operational use of this technology. But much remains to be done both program- and policy-wise before it should be considered fully operational and fielded.    General Votel and Secretary Whelan, can you please describe SOCOM's efforts in directed energy and in particular are these efforts being synchronized with the Joint Technology Office?    General Votel. Thank you. I will start, Congressman.    To answer your question, yes, they are. We are in the early stages of this. So I would define our efforts as being developmental at this particular point.    I think what we see with directed energy is that it is a technology that will provide us precision, will provide us some level of scalability, and it is certainly something that we should look at for kind of our future operational needs.    We are aware of the extensive amount of effort that has gone into directed energy in the past. And so, some of the advice that we have gotten along the line matches what you suggested to us just a moment ago. And that is to look at what is working and capitalize on that as opposed to trying to go back and reinventing the whole program.    And so, we are well integrated with the services with a variety of different labs right now looking at this. And we have had an opportunity to talk to the Deputy Secretary of Defense about it and what we are doing. We have got good support from him with this. So we look forward to moving forward with this.    In many ways I think SOF can help the broader force with this with our testing, our development, our experimentation with it, not only provide a capability for us, but what I hope is to be able to provide something of the services where their much more considerable resources can take advantage of any success we are able to achieve.    Mr. Langevin. Thank you. Thank you.    Secretary Whelan and General Votel, can you tell me what process is used to resolve disputes about whether an activity should be supported and paid for by the services?    Mr. Langevin. I am glad that there is a process in place. I think that is important.    Secretary Whelan, your predecessor created a special operations oversight council. Do you intend to continue that initiative, and is the council properly staffed and resourced?    Mr. Langevin. Okay. I am glad to hear that. Very good. Thank you. My time has expired. I thank you both again for your testimony, your service to our country, and, General Votel, again, all the best to you. Thank you.