    Mr. Hice. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Yesterday, as you well know, each of you, this committee heard testimony from several esteemed members of the press and outside groups who've experienced tremendous problems with FOIA requests. And, quite frankly, I was shocked and astonished by the testimony we heard yesterday.    Several comments stick to my mind, one in particular by Tom Fitton, the president of Judicial Watch, who used the phrase ``criminal obstruction'' to describe the manner in which the IRS has handled FOIA requests having to do with the IRS' targeting of conservative groups. He also said that an agency official actually told him that if you scrutinize the government, the government will scrutinize you.    Moments ago, Ranking Member Cummings said that all of you are making things sound rosy. We're not talking about a rosy situation here. We have a mess with potential criminal obstruction taking place.    Ms. Howard, is that what Tom Fitton described common practice with the IRS?    Mr. Hice. So you see no targeting take place. You would deny what has come out pretty nationally.    Mr. Hice. If someone makes a FOIA request to the IRS is that person potentially now a target for retaliation?    Mr. Hice. Okay. So you would deny that there has been any type of retaliation, audits, that type of thing from the IRS because of people are so-called scrutinizing?    Mr. Hice. That's not my question. My question is, has the IRS participated in retaliation through audits or whatever because people are requesting FOIA information or what may be perceived as scrutinizing the IRS?    Mr. Hice. But you do have knowledge of the FOIA side of things?    Mr. Hice. And you're denying there would be any such retaliation.    Mr. Hice. Okay. Well, let me go further to a comment you said, made a little bit earlier in discussion with the chairman regarding Lois Lerner.    Are you saying--and I just want to clarify your testimony here today--are you saying that there was no special treatment that was given to her for protection, in spite of the fact that you yourself said that her case was the tip of the iceberg?    Mr. Hice. Please be quick.    Mr. Hice. We're not talking about requests from Congress.    Mr. Hice. We're talking about FOIA requests and other requests. We're trying to get to the bottom of what appears to be outright obstruction, and we're getting a rosy picture that, quite frankly, is not an accurate picture.    I want to shift over, Ms. Neuman, to you. In your testimony you mentioned that your agency avoids FOIA requests that might be operationally sensitive material. Is that a correct----    Mr. Hice. Is operationally sensitive, does that include anything that your agency would not want the public to know or see?    Mr. Hice. So there would be no other case where information is denied. Listen, we had testimony one after another after another. And I don't know where you guys get some of your information, quite frankly. We had people all over the board saying the average wait is years to get FOIA responses.    I wish I had more time. My time is running out. But the FOIA request is absolutely essential to government transparency and the constitutional rule of law, and the evidence is abundant that it is at least being avoided, if not totally obstructed, and this is an issue we have got to get to the bottom of, get to the root of, and you folks here are part of the problem.    Mr. Chairman, I yield back.