    Ms. Graham. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And thank you, General. It is so good to hear some good news of--so thank you for your report.    One thing that you stated is that the terrorist appeal has been undercut in Afghanistan. That is something that we need to figure out how do we bring that reality into other places in the region.    But my question focuses on local law enforcement. I am aware that recently that Prime Minister Ghani has changed some of the leaders of the local police forces, and I was wondering, what is the interaction between military and law enforcement?    My husband happens to be law enforcement, and I know how important it is to have that close relationship. It is often those closest to us that can have the greatest impact on our behaviors.    So is the military involved in working with local law enforcement, and do you see that as a positive development with the changes in law enforcement recently in Kabul? Thank you.    General Campbell. Thank you, ma'am, for the question. You know, in Afghanistan it really is--we talk about pillars and the security pillars, and the police and the army being two different pillars there. And what I tell people is when these pillars--they do cross-pillar coordination, they work together, the army and the police, then they are much stronger and they can't be beat.    And I attend a Saturday 3-, 4-hour session every Saturday, which we call the senior security shura, and that has the senior members of MOD, the senior members of MOI, NDS, which is their intel arm, and then the national security advisor, Minister Atmar. And so the police and the army interaction is daily, every single day.    The police operate a little bit differently. They do have the law enforcement aspect; they continue to work through that. But in many places they are the only security institution in the far reaches of Afghanistan, and so they are a threat to the insurgency.    Afghan Local Police, which are designed to provide security inside of the villages, are probably the most attacked. They have the least amount of training, they don't have the same weapons as the regular police or the army. And so they do get attacked, but they do stand up and they do protect, and they are feared by the Taliban and the other insurgents because they are directly linked to the people inside the communities.    But I think the linkage between the police and the army is a strong one and they continue to work it.    In the provinces they have what they call OCCPs or OCCRs. These are institutions that the governors have that have police, army, and the intel folks all together inside one, for lack of a better term, an operational command and control element at both the regional and then at the provincial level.    And they provide interaction between the police and army. They sit right next to each other in desks and work that, and then they interact with their higher headquarters, which also has police and army.    In my headquarters inside of Kabul I have army--Afghan army representatives, Afghan police that sit right next to each other inside of my combined joint operations center, as well. So that interaction is very good.    And if I could just hit the intel piece or the terrorist appeal piece, what I will tell you is that less than 10 percent of the people in Afghanistan embrace the Taliban, and that number continues to go down. And a lot of that is because of the actions of the Taliban, and they understand that the civilian casualty piece--although a report said something like 75 percent are caused by the insurgents, you know, our records show potentially above 90 percent are caused by the terrorists, and the people are just frankly tired of this.    And they want a better life--they want the exact same thing we want. They want to be able to send their kids to school. They want to be--have a roof over their head. They want to have a job to provide for them.    And so they understand that underneath this national unity government--85 percent of the people want this government, they want it to do well, and they are tired of what--the Taliban and what they represent. That is a big change from where we were just a couple years ago.    Ms. Graham. Well, thank you very much for that positive report. I want to correct myself--President Ghani, get his title correct.    And let's hope that what you have accomplished in Afghanistan will continue and can be spread throughout the region. Thank you for your time, General, and your service.    The Chairman. Ms. Walorski.