    Mr. Avalos. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, Members of the subcommittee. I am pleased to once again be here to appear before you.    I represent the MRP mission area and to present our 2017 budget proposals for AMS, GIPSA and APHIS.    Mr. Chairman, you already introduced the folks up here. I just want to say a little bit more about Elanor Starmer. She has been at USDA since 2011. She has been a senior advisor to the Secretary and she has worked on many issues on AMS.    Now, they also have submitted statements for the record and are here to answer questions.    As you know, I have been here almost seven years. This is my last time testifying before you as the Under Secretary, and I want to take this opportunity to thank you, Mr. Chairman, to thank you, Mr. Ranking Member, and to thank the subcommittee for the support that you have provided to this mission area.    In many, many areas we have been able to provide support for agricultural producers, for shippers, for exporters, and for so many folks throughout the country that make their living from agriculture. You have enabled us to support these hard working Americans, to support our rural communities, to support our rural economies.    I personally am very, very appreciative and grateful. I also want to congratulate Ranking Member Farr on your retirement. We truly appreciate his passion for the welfare of animals and for the farmers of California and for farmers throughout the country.    Congressman Farr, like they say back home, ``te felicito.''    Before discussing the requests, I want to highlight contributions of the MRP agencies to shared goals. MRP agencies support trade through the removal of phytosanitary and sanitary trade barriers, the export verification program, and GIPSA's inspection and weighing program, and so many other activities.    The three MRP agencies facilitate our agricultural exports. Through APHIS' animal and plant work and through other programs in the mission area, the MRP agencies protect agriculture.    Through AMS' Market News and standards setting work, to just name a few, MRP agencies provide marketing opportunities. MRP agencies also support innovation. A good example are the revisions that APHIS made to the biotech petition review process which has resulted in our continued progress in eliminating the backlog.    In closing, Mr. Chairman, MRP supports agricultural exports, protects domestic agriculture, assists in the development of markets, and supports innovation. Our 2017 request allows us to continue this important work.    This concludes my statement. I look forward to working with the subcommittee, and we are ready to answer any questions you might have.    Mr. Avalos. Mr. Chairman, as you mentioned this was a devastating, devastating outbreak. Under the direction of Mr. Shea and his people at APHIS, we were able to rapidly address what I would call the worst animal disease outbreak in the history of our country.    I want to ask Mr. Shea to talk a little bit about the lessons learned, talk about his emergency response plan and other work that is being done at APHIS to address highly pathogenic avian influenza.    Mr. Avalos. Congressman----    Mr. Avalos. Congressman, just to save time, I know how important this aquaculture rule is. I am going to give it to Ms. Starmer. She is also going to answer your NOP question.    And Market News, I just want to put a plug in for Market News. It is so important to the large and small producers and so important to other stakeholders.    Mr. Avalos. So I will not take up any more time. I want to let Elanor talk a little bit about some of the other things that we are doing to address Market News in local and regional.    Mr. Avalos. Congressman, I am going to ask Mr. Shea to answer.    Mr. Avalos. Congressman, I appreciate your question and your comments because I can relate to them.    We are considering changing the biotech regulations. They have not been updated in over two decades. I am going to ask Mr. Shea to tell you a little bit about where we are on this.    Mr. Avalos. Congressman, let me ask Mr. Mitchell to answer your question.    Mr. Avalos. OK. Thank you.    Mr. Avalos. Congresswoman, first I want to applaud your efforts to promote America----    Mr. Avalos . Promote American products. It is so important to our rural communities, so important to our farmers and ranchers. To answer your question, I'm going to ask our administrator to answer.    Mr. Avalos. Congressman, we understand very well how devastating citrus greening has been to the growers. And I want to show you that we're not going to abandon the growers. We're still looking for solutions, looking for tools to help them overcome this devastating disease.    I'm going to ask Mr. Shea to talk a little bit more on your statement and your question.    Mr. Avalos. Congressman, I'm going to ask Mr. Shea to answer your question. I still want to talk about wildlife services.    Mr. Avalos. I thought we were going to come back. But I just wanted to make a statement about wildlife services, that it's so important a program to our farmers, our ranchers--not just to rural communities but to citizens all over the country that so many people don't realize. I wanted to say that, but I knew you were going to break to go vote, so I just wanted to get it in.    Mr. Avalos. Congressman, again, I want to reinforce that it was the largest single disease, animal disease outbreak in the history of this country. Mr. Shea spoke to that a while ago.    And maybe I'll ask you to go ahead and repeat some of the stuff you said.    Mr. Avalos. First off, Mr. Chairman, I know that there's been considerable discussion on this topic. And I know that the House and the Senate continue to work on the subject. And, this mission area, we do provide technical support. But to answer your question on the deregulation of GMO products at USDA, I'm going to ask Kevin to respond.    Mr. Avalos. Congressman, I don't know of any changes pertaining to horses going into Canada or Mexico or coming back from those countries. Mr. Shea, do you have any information on this?    Mr. Avalos. Congressman, the helicopters, there's one being placed in Alabama. There's one being placed in Mississippi. They'll be used for feral swine control. The airplanes, one being placed in New Mexico and one being placed in Wyoming, would be used for, on a regular predator control. Alternatives?    Mr. Avalos. They're strictly for feral swine control and predator control. And it's not--they don't just stay in that one state where they're placed. They work a whole region.    Mr. Avalos. We do have--I want to ask Mr. Shea.    Mr. Avalos. But I just wanted to touch on one alternative that I really, really promote and I really, really like. It's the Protection Dog Program. It's an alternative that we use primarily out west. And it's primarily to address the issue of grizzly bears and wolves. And I'll never forget, Congressman, Mr. Chairman. I'll never forget. I was in Montana. We had a roundtable. And there was the leader for the Hunter Right Colony. And he was complaining about the grizzly bears and the wolves. And when I brought up the Protection Dogs, he said, ``I want to tell you, Mr. Under Secretary, that we really appreciate the Protection Dogs. So once we got the three dogs, our wives, our children, could take their afternoon walks without fearing the grizzly bear and the wolf.'' So I think that the Protection Dog Program has a lot of merit. And that it's something that can be used in the future as a non-lethal weapon.    Mr. Avalos. Yes.    Mr. Avalos. You made it easy.    Mr. Avalos. Congressman, I'm going to give that part of your question to Mr. Shea.    Mr. Avalos. Mr. Chairman, I'm trying to think. The first rule that came in mind is something that's been pending for a long time. It's the Scrapie rule, to help the sheep industry in this country finally eradicate Scrapie and be able to trade with our foreign partners. And Mr. Shea, Ms. Starmer, Mr. Mitchell, are there others that come to mind? That's the first one that came to my mind. And we can always get back to you on your question. But that's the only one that I can think of at this time.    Mr. Avalos. Mr. Chairman, if you allow us to put more thought into this, then we can, we can send it in for the record.    Mr. Avalos. I want to ask Mr. Mitchell to answer your question.