    Mr. JACOBS. Good morning, Ranking Member Ms. Velazquez, Chairman Chabot, and other members of this Committee.    My name is Edward Jacobs, a Pratt graduate with a focus on industrial design, architecture, and engineering. Most of my adult life has been spent living and working within New York City being a designer and working initially with smaller-scale products. One quickly recognizes the challenges of sourcing manufacturers locally while attempting to secure reasonable pricing affordability and access to product.    I'm honored to be here with you today to talk about attempting to navigate the manufacturing community locally in New York City, nationally living in other States, and internationally sourcing to eventually manufacturers ourselves with FXE Industries.    FXE is a startup focusing on transportation and, more specifically, advanced motorcycle design and engineering. Our approach is a holistic one that bridges the gap typically found between fields within the realm of manufacturing. This is a modular approach to large-scale manufacturing that allows us to circumvent some of the pitfalls of highly-specialized niche employment, and, in turn, allows us to train and foster greater technical manufacturing abilities in house. This approach will allow us to offer accessibility of product so we may open up the market to a significantly greater number of customers.    We're in the process of securing 50,000 square feet of design, engineering, and manufacturing space. This opportunity to grow to a 100-plus team has ultimately been afforded to by the Brooklyn Navy Yard. I initially became a tenant of Brooklyn Navy Yard through New Lab. It's where I grew my first design and engineering company, DNI. New Lab is a great example of an entity that is helping enable a very substantial evolution in specialized manufacturing.    A good example of this is DNI's design, engineering, and sourcing for the Lowline underground park to be located at the base of the Williamsburg Bridge that has many challenges in its initial stages to be completed. This is an example of a potential large-scale architectural project with global implications. The entire project has been designed, engineered, sourced, and manufactured all in New York City.    The basis of this project being support of plant life and public space below the surface of the earth is a great example of the full spectrum of manufacturing and tremendous social impact New York can foster. This correlates directly with what FXE is attempting. Choosing to operate here in NYC with the sheer density and diversity will allow us a fantastic base of talent, younger, older, from all fields and walks of life to pull from. Being a new manufacturer and being supported and supporting establishments like the Brooklyn Navy Yard makes us very hopeful for the new positive city building manufacturing efforts growing within the 21st century in NYC.    I think a lot of the challenges that we've had have been finding funding outside of private funding. It seems as though a lot of the funding or the establishments are treated more the same kind of treatment we get from a bank. I think there needs to be development of a different spirit in lending where maybe people can actually view a business plan, make competent decisions so that startups, smaller entities can actually get capital to grow. And there's one other educational kind of gap that I see personally because of my background in industrial design and engineering. There isn't an educational element that bridges this foundation gap that you've seen throughout the years. There's definitely a rift.    And so, I think there's an opportunity there in New York to bridge this gap. I think what we have educational kind of institutional wise, bridging the gap between a few of them can really open up a whole new industry.    Thank you very much. I'm totally honored to be here. I really appreciate the time.    Mr. JACOBS. Yes?    Mr. JACOBS. Yeah, absolutely. A lot of the challenges have been since we do not have a lot of assets to leverage, that, you know, borrowing can be very difficult. We have actually tried multiple ways to secure financing. Most of it has been from independent private financing, but we also have gone the EB-5 route. But there seems to be a large challenge because EB-5 funding seems to focus more so on real estate endeavors because of their inherent lower risk. And also one of the other panel members mentioned tech investment. It seems that everyone through all of our meetings is always looking for a strictly tech angle, almost looking for a very quick return, like a Google or, you know, some type of explosion because of some tech industry thing.    I do not know if it is because of a lack of understanding about some of the basic things in hard product design and manufacturing, but there seems to be, I guess, kind of just a rose-colored glasses effect on the tech industry that people are very much looking for a quick return.    What we are doing is something that we believe, it is more of a long-term thing. Any large-scale manufacturing endeavor is not a 1- or 2-year, you know, quick return things. It is a 10-, 15-year thing endeavor. I think sustained growth absolutely, but to find the people that are doing it, very difficult.    Mr. JACOBS. Yes, thank you. We started with two employees, myself and a co-founder, Francois Terney, and we have expanded now a very small amount. We only have four employees. We are looking to expand within 2017 up to 50,000 square feet, and probably----    Mr. JACOBS. Yeah.    Mr. JACOBS. Probably about a year and a half.    Mr. JACOBS. Yeah.    Mr. JACOBS. My experience was when the storm hit, initially before we started or before I started FXE, my business partner had another company, DNI. It was out on a pier in Red Hook, and the whole place got flooded, 65 inches. Everything was literally destroyed. I was able to get an SBA disaster loan to continue----    Mr. JACOBS. Thank you for that.    Mr. JACOBS. One thing. Thank you very much for the efforts you put forward in that. One thing I would just like to say maybe so you would know, they actually made me leverage my actual home, though, which if I did not own a property I would not have been able to get that loan.    Mr. JACOBS. Okay, fantastic. Thank you.    Mr. JACOBS. Yes.    Mr. JACOBS. In FXE, there are a few things that have been done. I am basically behind the computer doing all the engineering and the components and everything. We have a different entity in our company that could probably speak a little bit more.    I mainly do all the engineering and all the design work actually, so I am not the one to focus on the international kind of financing. The only internationally that we have attempted to do is the EB-5 Program, which it does not seem to be a program that is very stable, and there seems to be like a loopholes and a lot of strangeness to it. Again, it focuses more so on real estate and very low-risk investment where we need that to be kind of be able to take a higher risk, you know, and invest in companies like ours.    Mr. JACOBS. Thank you.