    Mr. Borck. Good morning, members of the committee. Thank you so much for allowing me to be here today. My name is Bob Borck. I am owner-operator of a fishing vessel called the Belle J II, moored in Eureka, California.    Eureka happens to be basically the middle of salmon coast from Washington down into Santa Cruz. We are dead set in the middle of it, and we are a port that may never ever have another regular salmon season again, for other reasons than Central Valley water, but, again, we are a port that will never fish out of our own town again for a full season.    The U.S. salmon troll fleet is in trouble. There is no other way to put it. You have the Sacramento-San Joaquin fish. They are the bulk of what we fish on here in California. They are also a huge component of what gets caught in Oregon. They are caught off Washington. There have been net pen fish that were raised at, I believe it was Half Moon Bay, that were put in the ocean to increase our ability to catch. They are caught as far north as Alaska. You look at the Columbia River, they are the mainstay of Washington and Alaska troll salmon.    The problem is freshwater in inland watersheds. If you don't have enough freshwater for spawners to go up and you don't have enough freshwater for smolts to survive to get out, you lose your fishery. That is what we have had with the drought.    Assuming that this drought ends and we get all happy and there is lots of water again, it will be 3 years before the troll fleet sees a successful season. You have to have plenty of water to flush the smolts out of the river system and avoid predation. It takes water.    On the coast, you have at least 30,000 jobs, well over a billion dollars in economic benefit that happens. You have 2,000 commercial permit holders up and down the coast in the different states. Most of those boats have crews. There are all the support businesses on land, from Englund Marine, where I buy rope and buoys and all the parts and pieces that it takes to keep the boat going, to when I am stuck in Coos Bay and the wind is blowing, I am eating in restaurants and staying in hotels. Water is the issue.    Last year, I ended up spending the end of July and most of August in Oregon. I had four trips in a row with one or two fish per trip. I did not cover the expenses of the ice, let alone the cost of the fuel, let alone being away from home for 6 straight weeks. This year, Jeff French, fishing out of Half Moon Bay, had five fish in four trips. He too did not make his expenses. The Alaska troll king fishery that started July 1 lasted a grand total of 5 days. Their allocation was mopped up in 5 days.    Heather Sears, who has a boat out of Southern California, she leased a Washington permit. I think she told me she spent $8,000 leasing the permit. She figures she is not even going to put a hook in the water in Washington because their allocation for fish was so small, it wasn't even worth trying. She drove right past there and went to Alaska and had her 5 days.    There is an incredible cost to doing business here. I have lost $150,000 in the last 7 years trying to buy in and get a commercial fishing operation off the ground. Part of it is bad timing because of the drought, because we don't have water, because we don't have adequate salmon seasons.    People are hurting. Trucks are being repossessed. People are losing homes. Why? Because we don't have an adequate way to go take our boats and do what used to be done 30, 40, 50 years ago with ease. And a lot of it has to do with the fact that we don't have enough salmon, and we don't have enough salmon because we don't have enough water.    Thank you very much.    Mr. Borck. Does anyone want to buy a boat? It is not working. We have half a season. We have Oregon closed. It is not working.    I don't know what it is going to take, because I am not a scientist, but I can tell you right now what we are doing is not helping the fish, obviously it is not helping the farmers, it is not helping 38 million Californians. What we are doing needs to improve. At the same time, you cannot ignore the fact that you have coastal communities that need those fish to make a living.    Mr. Borck. I am not a scientist.    Mr. Borck. I would say that----    Mr. Borck. I think a healthy environment and a healthy planet are in the best interest----    Mr. Borck. Sir----    Mr. Borck . Please let me finish.    Mr. Borck. I think losing a hatchery for the better good of a river system is good policy.    Mr. Borck. I don't like invasive species, but I don't believe that removing a single predator would fix a problem as big as this. There are a lot of other predators out there. I don't see it as a panacea. You can take the creel limits off and let sportsmen catch all you want. I don't think that would fix it.    Mr. Borck. Like I said, I am fine with the concept of taking the creel limits off and allowing sports fishermen to catch all the stripers they want. I just don't see it having that big an impact ultimately. Unfortunately, if you take stripers out, then shad get bigger, shad can eat salmon when they are as small as a guppy. So we may just be trading one predator for another. So, I don't see it as a good enough fix to key in on it.    Mr. Borck. The quick answer is I am a harvester. I have to leave modeling and those kind of situations to scientists, guys with Ph.D.'s. My trust has always been in the best available science.