    Mr. BRADY. Chairman Boustany, Ranking Member Doggett, all the subcommittee members, a good-paying job is the best solution to income inequality and ensures the ladder of success is open to every American willing to get a skill and work hard.    A solid education, workforce training programs that actually perform in better connecting local workers with local jobs, that is the key to good-paying job. And it is even more important as millions of Americans continue to look for work in the worst economic recovery in half a century.    So given our half-trillion dollar deficit that will only grow and the impact that has on future generations, when it comes to safety net programs, our principles should be clear. One, no Federal program should pay more than a job. Two, no Federal program should trap Americans in poverty. And, three, let's fund programs that are proven to work and not a dime to those that don't.    Despite all the Federal programs, we have a lot of Americans still living below the poverty line. It is our job to not only protect taxpayers, but to redirect them towards the programs that actually get people to independence and out of poverty.    Chairman Boustany talked about the stunning $5.6 billion in improper payments in Unemployment Insurance in 2014. That is as much as we spend for the entire Federal job training program. Think about it. We waste as much as we spend on all the programs to help get people back to work.    Like Congressman Johnson and others on the panel today, I have two suggestions to help stretch those dollars and redirect them. The first one, relatively minor. Stop double dipping of unemployment benefits by furloughed Federal workers.    You may remember that, during the temporary shutdown in 2013, some Federal employees were furloughed and applied for and received unemployment benefits. The Federal employees were later provided retroactive pay, but some States considered paying their Federal workers twice for not working at all.    The Furloughed Federal Employee Double Dip Elimination Act prevents that in the future. My guess is, while that is not looming on the horizon, some day it may. So let's make it clear you don't get paid twice for not working.    But the bigger solution really is about unemployment. Another problem plaguing America in our unemployment program is illegal substance abuse. We want Americans to earn paychecks instead of collecting unemployment checks. Yet, one of the worst common reasons, most common reasons, individuals can't return to work is due to the fact that they cannot pass a drug test.    In the 2006 report, the Society for Human Resource Management said 84 percent of private employers conducted pre-employment drug testing. That has only grown mostly because of the Federal mandates dealing with security after 9/11.    So with the majority of employers subjecting job applicants to drug testing, the Federal Government should allow States to incorporate drug testing into their UI programs if they believe it will help connect these individuals to full-time employment.    The bottom line is that taxpayers shouldn't subsidize drug use. If you are on illegal drugs, you are simply not job-ready. And, in short, the Federal unemployment program should be a drug-free zone.    To address the problem, Congress has already passed legislation that the President signed, the Middle Class Tax Relief and Job Creation Act of 2012, supported by many lawmakers, Republicans and Democrats, on the Ways and Means Committee. It included a carefully crafted compromise that for the first time allowed States to screen and test unemployment recipients for illegal substances.    Unfortunately, after years of inexcusable delay and roadblocks that ignored the language and intent of the law, the Department of Labor has issued proposed guidance on this provision. It is simply unworkable for States that are interested in drug testing their unemployment recipients and getting the help they need in getting them into a job.    The bottom line is States are ready to implement the law that is on the books. The Federal Government must uphold its promise. My home State of Texas has already passed legislation and has been recognized by the White House for the innovative ways to get Texans back to work.    But, again, the White House needs to apply the law, allow States like Texas and others to continue that innovation and get people back into work and making good wages rather than collecting benefit checks.    Mr. Chairman, ranking member, and members, I am ready to work with the subcommittee as we go forward with these reforms. Thanks for having me here today.