    Mr. Grijalva. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Also, thank you to Chairman Bishop for holding this hearing.    I would like to believe that Republicans are holding so many hearings on this particular incident because they genuinely care about water quality, wildlife, and public health of affected communities. I would like to believe that this has opened your eyes to the problem of abandoned mines throughout the West, acid mine drainage, and the difficult task of cleaning this mess up. Unfortunately, as much as I would like to believe, we all know this is not the case.    The Majority's overwhelming interest in this issue comes from the fact that it was the Environmental Protection Agency that was holding the shovel when the spill occurred, and the Majority cannot pass up a chance to attack EPA. For them, this is a gold mine. This is being mined like a political gold mine, and the Gold Rush is on.    I am not here to defend EPA on this issue at all. They made a mistake, particularly when it came to notifying the Navajo Nation and others in New Mexico about the spill, the consequences, and the mitigation that was going to be needed. This spill imposed real costs on people downstream.    The legitimate claims from people affected by this spill deserve to be dealt with quickly, and I hope they will be made whole quickly. But it is important to put this incident in perspective, which is so sorely lacking around here.    First, the EPA and the state of Colorado were there to clean up someone else's mess. The EPA and the state of Colorado did not hollow out the inside of these mountains in the search for gold. They did not simply pick up and leave when things were not profitable any more; those were the owners and operators of the Gold King Mine. But Colorado and the EPA were there this summer, as they have been for years, working closely with local stakeholders, trying to figure out a way to clean the mess up.    Second, this was not a pristine mountain stream. The four mines on the Cement Creek had been leaking 330 million gallons of acid mine drainage each year. The EPA spill released 3 million gallons. That effectively means that there is an equivalent-sized spill every 3 days on the river. Let me put it another way. This is the juice box that we are all used to--well, at least my grandkids use all the time--it represents the amount of wastewater that was spilled on August 5 because of EPA. This water jug represents the amount that goes into the river each year.    Third, it is important to point out that EPA was not there by itself. In addition to the longtime support of the local community, which has fought pollution from these mines for well over a century, the EPA was there in partnership with the state of Colorado, a partnership that has existed for decades.    It was the EPA and the Colorado Department of Public Health and Environment that investigated the site back in the 1990s. It was EPA and the Colorado Division of Reclamation, Mining and Safety that were working to stop the drainage from these mines; and both of these agencies concluded there would not be a blowout at the Gold King Mine.    But what we need more than perspective on this particular spill, is perspective on the entire issue. The problem here is a horribly outdated mining law that dates back to the time of the telegraph and the horse and buggy. We now have phones we carry in our pockets, but our mining law remains stuck in 1872. Because of that law, we have over a half million abandoned mines in this Nation, tens of thousands of miles of rivers contaminated with acid mine waste, and not nearly enough money to clean this all up. It is time to update this outdated relic.    Earlier this year, I introduced the Hardrock Mining Reform and Reclamation Act. It gives us a modern mining law with strong environmental and public health protection. It raises the money to help clean up abandoned hardrock mines from coast to coast. Sadly, no Republicans have agreed to co-sponsor this bill yet.    Whether it is uranium proposals to mine dangerously close to the Grand Canyon, whether it is gold in New Mexico, or copper ore in Arizona, the fact remains that, as these companies leave, they leave behind--to the miners that worked hard on those tough jobs, to the affected communities, they are left to pick up and have to deal with all the consequences of contamination that are left behind.    Hardrock mining, because of the law, pays no royalties at all. It is time that the Majority, if they really care about what is happening to these communities and the rivers in the West, I invite them to join me in trying to reform our 19th century mining laws.    With that, Mr. Chairman, thank you, and I yield back.    Mr. Grijalva. Absolution.    Mr. Grijalva. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Grijalva. The affected Native nations' issue, that they have legitimately raised, is the issue of notification--rapid and on-time notification as to what was occurring and the effect that it could have on tribal lands and their people, and your response to the lack of rapid and necessary notification to that by the Agency.    Mr. Grijalva. Madam Administrator, the Hardrock Mining Reform and Reclamation Act has within it a provision that would create a fund for cleaning up of the hundreds of thousands of abandoned hardrock mine sites in the country. This provision has been endorsed by the Administration by being included in the President's budget. The funds necessary, how does it help with addressing the problem not only that we are dealing with here today, but the potential that exists, particularly in the West and across this country?    Mr. Grijalva. Anybody.    Mr. Grijalva. Administrator, there is certainly an implication by the Majority--well, it is not really an implication, it is a direct statement--that if a private company had done this, EPA's response to this incident would have been much stronger and much more severe. Did EPA treat itself any differently here than it would have treated a private company in the same position? That is the question.    Mr. Grijalva. Thank you. I yield back.    Mr. Grijalva. Mr. Chairman, if I may, a point of privilege. I will have to be leaving. I have questions for the additional witnesses that we will submit to the committee in writing. It is a conflict I cannot resolve. My apologies to the witnesses who are coming up. With that, thank you.    The Chairman. I totally understand, and we will submit your questions to these witnesses in writing.    We will take a brief pause here as we change panels. The faster we can make that exchange, the better it would be.    The Chairman. While we are coming down let me introduce very quickly Mr. Russell Begaye, who is the President of the Navajo Nation; Mr. Mike Olguin--I hope I pronounced that close--Treasurer of the Southern Ute Indian Tribe; Dr. Larry Wolk, who is Executive Director of the Colorado Department of Public Education and Environment; and Mr. Ryan Flynn, who is the Secretary of the Environment for the state of New Mexico. Appreciate the four of you being here.    Since you do not want to--don't sit down yet. I am trying to save you some extra space here. Pursuant to the rules of the Oversight and Government Reform Committee--and only that committee--all witnesses will be sworn in before they testify. Would you please raise your right hands?    Do you solemnly swear or affirm that the testimony you are about to give will be the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth?    Let the record reflect that all witnesses answered in the affirmative. Thank you, you may be seated.    Once again, anything that you have submitted in writing is part of the record, and will be there. We will ask you each to make a quick statement, if you could, limited to 5 minutes. As you noticed, we will try and be kind of arbitrary with the gavel coming down; but we do appreciate you being here as part of this discussion.    We will start with President Begaye. You have 5 minutes to give an oral testimony to the committee.    Mr. Grijalva. Thank you, Chairman Bishop. To the Councilman and Mr. President, thank you very much for being here. The Navajo Nation is rightfully concerned and vigilant about contamination related to mining, given the legacy, and how members have suffered through the uranium contamination issues and other issues. So, Mr. President, your points are well taken. Cultural resources, sacred sites issues, are quite vital. The San Juan, and assurance that that flow is nurturing and not hurtful is essential. Reimbursement and the settlement of claims as they appear needs to be expedited.    Earlier in the questions, one of my colleagues said that this incident is now causing distrust with the Federal Government, in terms of notification and consultation. I do not think it happened `now'. This is a pattern, and I think that we need to codify how this notification happens into law. We need to codify how consultation happens with Native nations, so that there is a process and a checklist, that it is not left to somebody's subjective analysis. That is the law, and that is what should be followed. So, I want to thank you for bringing that today.    I wanted to ask Dr. Wolk. Describe, if you can, as quickly as you can, the condition of the Animas River over the past decade or so. Had the water quality been getting better or getting worse, as we look at that period of time? Or is that a possible question?    Mr. Grijalva. The present 428 on the priority list, 428 sites that are being worked on, constructed, reclamation issues, that did not tell us. So, whatever a waiting list is is really hard to gauge; because until those are done with the resources available, more and more can be piling on, waiting for an opportunity to get on that priority list.    I am glad for all the witnesses today. I wish that a representative of the National Mining Association would have been here, so that we could inquire as to what role the private sector should have going down the future, how they feel about extraction on public lands and a royalty attached to that extraction, so it goes toward those 428 and these incidents like what happened in Animas, and how it has affected communities across the board.    In closing, let me say there was a ticking bomb, and that was the abandoned mines and the abandoned Gold King Mine that affected the Animas. People called the bomb squad. In this case, unfortunately, the bomb squad set it off when they were trying to diffuse it. My colleagues on the other side of the aisle today gather to attack the bomb squad. Our side of the aisle very urgently, with everyone involved, the states, the Native nations, want to work together to try to diffuse the other bombs we know are out there. That is what we are looking for in the future.    I think, before we make the bomb squad the bad guys, let's come to some conclusions as to how we go forward, dealing with a backlog and a catalog of similar situations across this country and across the West.    With that, thank you very much, and I yield back, Mr. Chairman.    The Chairman. Thank you. I have a series of statements and documents that I wish unanimous consent to put into the record.    The Chairman. And, hearing no objection, I get to do it.    Let me be the last to actually ask a few questions to you.    President Begaye, if I can start with you, has President Obama reached out to your tribe, called, talked to you, or visited?