    Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. Ramberg, I was interested in your comments a minute ago. Somebody who sits across the table from a lot of people who are aspiring entrepreneurs and trying to find ways to help them, what you said is really quite accurate from the standpoint that entrepreneurs quite oftentimes are people with big ideas or the folks who can dream and think outside the box, can see a niche, can see an opportunity, or sometimes they may be left-brained, but their right brain part of it, they do not understand the business part of this, how to set up a financial plan. You just said a minute ago that they could not give you the statistics off their P&L. That is where it is important for them to have access to that education to be able to understand there is a flip side of this, or be able to go find people who can help them do that. Your comments are very apropos here from the standpoint that in order for entrepreneurs to grow, they have got to have the ability of people to help them through the myriad of rules, regulations, access to capital. A number of you have talked about that this morning, and I think you mentioned it a minute ago.    What do you propose to people who have access to capital problems? What is your advice to those people on how they can go find money or present themselves in a way to be able to access themselves to the kind of money it takes to be able to get a business started?    Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Ms. Solovic, where in Missouri are you from? I am a Missourian.    Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Oh, yes. Very good. I was guessing southeast Missouri from the comments you made, but okay, very good. Nice little town, been there many times. Not in my district, but it is still a good place.    Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Good place to be from. Well, that is okay. It is nice to go back home there, too.    You talked quite a bit about some of the--again, going on some of the comments I addressed to Ms. Ramberg here, what do you see with the folks that you talk to with regards--to me, access to capital is really key to being an entrepreneur off the ground. You have to be able to get the money to make it work. It is what greases the skids and what makes it all--what is your advice to people to be able to get them to be able to take that idea to the next step?    Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Okay. Mr. Ray.    Mr. LUETKEMEYER. One of the things that you were talking about here is reduction and simplification of taxes. Can you give me an example of where you would like to see some reduction and simplification? How it would work and what the advantage would be to small businesses?    Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Again, we want your ideas. You are the entrepreneur here.    Mr. LUETKEMEYER. We are the guys who are supposed to make this all happen.    Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.