    Ms. Rectanus. Yes ----    Ms. Rectanus. Good morning. Chairman Chaffetz, Ranking Member Cummings, and members of the committee, I'm pleased to be here today to discuss the Postal Service's financial challenges.    The Postal Service is a critical part of the Nation's communications system, but its financial situation is dire. We placed the Postal Service on our high-risk list in 2009 where it remains today.    Today, I will discuss the factors affecting the Postal Service's deteriorating financial condition, the status of unfunded liabilities, and choices Congress faces to address these financial challenges.    The Postal Service's financial struggles are well-documented. Beginning in 2007, expenses began consistently outgrowing revenues, and it has lost over $56 billion since then. This situation is primarily caused by decline in mail volume, particularly in profitable first-class mail commensurate with an increase in expenses, largely because of salary increases. Increases in compensation and benefits alone will add over $1 billion in additional cost in fiscal year 2016. The gap between revenue and costs continues despite the significant efficiency initiatives undertaken by the Postal Service.    Regarding unfunded liabilities and costs, they are a large and growing burden on the Postal Service. At the end of fiscal year 2015, the Postal Service had about $125 billion in unfunded liabilities and outstanding debt, which accounted for 182 percent of its revenues. Retiree health benefits account for $55 billion of the unfunded liability due in part because the Postal Service stopped making required payments in 2011 and is not expected to make the required 2016 payment.    Given this history and future events, it is not likely that the Postal Service will be able to make its required retiree health and pension payments in the near future. Beginning in fiscal year 2017, the Postal Service will be required to start making annual payments for health benefits on top of annual pension payments. Using available data, we determined these payments could total about $11 billion. Although this is less than what was required in fiscal year 2015, it is about $4.6 billion more than what the Postal Service paid that year. And the expiration of the temporary rate surcharge and the lack of major cost-savings initiatives will further stress the Postal Service's ability to make these payments.    Having large unfunded liabilities for postal retiree health and pension benefits places taxpayers, employees, retirees, and the Postal Service itself at risk. If the Postal Service does not adequately fund these benefits and Congress wanted these benefits to continue, the Treasury, and hence the taxpayer, may need to step in. Alternatively, unfunded benefits could lead to pressure for reductions in benefits or pay. For the Postal Service, unfunded benefits endanger its future viability by saddling it with bills later after employees have already retired.    Postal Service actions alone under its existing authority are insufficient to achieve financial solvency. Comprehensive legislation is needed. In doing this, Congress faces several difficult decisions and tradeoffs in key areas. First, what is the level of postal services needed in the 21st century, and what are we willing to pay for those services? Given how communication is changing, Congress could consider what postal services should be provided on a universal basis and the best way to provide those services.    Second, what is the appropriate level of compensation and benefits that should be paid in an environment of revenue pressures? Congress could consider revising the statutory framework for collective bargaining to ensure that the Postal Service's financial condition is considered in binding arbitration.    And third, what is the continued viability of the Postal Service's dual role of providing affordable universal service while remaining self-sufficient? In assessing any alternatives to the current structure, Congress should consider costs that might be transferred from the Postal Service, which is financed by ratepayers, to the Federal Government, which is funded by taxpayers.    In conclusion, we must take a hard look at what level of postal services we need in the future and what we can afford. The status quo is not sustainable.    This concludes my prepared statement. Chairman Chaffetz, Ranking Member Cummings, and members of the committee, I would be pleased to answer any questions you have.    Ms. Rectanus. Fundamentally, what we have found is the Postal Service's business model that relies on revenue to cover its costs is no longer working. Certainly, the unfunded liabilities, particularly the RHB, have contributed to that, but there is a broader problem, and that is the fundamental business model of mail volume that the Postal Service has been using isn't working anymore. And to their credit, they have been trying to right-size their network and make changes.    But what we would argue is it's even beyond the unfunded liabilities. Even if you take those out, the ability of the Postal Service to raise its--to reduce its costs to align with the revenue, they just don't have the ability to do that right now without comprehensive reform. As one example, their controllable income, which is what they talk about the income before they account for their unfunded liabilities in fiscal year 2015 was less than it was in fiscal year 2014 even though in fiscal year 2015 they had the exigent for the full year. And that's just an example of even when there is an influx of money, the operating costs are still growing such that their--it's harder and harder for them to get ahead of their costs.    Ms. Rectanus. We do support the Postal Service's continued ability to be innovative and develop products and resources that people need. The challenge that you run is trying to find that sweet spot between areas in which the Postal Service will be profitable since they can't afford to lose money, but you don't want them to be able to compete unfairly because of their unique status, or conversely, lose money because of their unique status.    Ms. Rectanus. We believe ----    Ms. Rectanus. Yes, we support it because if it is the most accurate data, then that should be used to get a better number of what the liability is.    Ms. Rectanus. We have not done the calculation so I can't--and we haven't looked at the Postal Service's data so I can't comment on that.    Ms. Rectanus. Yes, that is.    Ms. Rectanus. GAO has not taken a position on specific elements in that proposal. However, we have supported appropriate restructuring of the ----    Ms. Rectanus.--retiree health benefits ----    Mr. Connelly.--if I may because I am running out of time, I am not asking you for your position; I am asking you for your analysis. If those things were adopted, would your numbers and your prognosis change?    Ms. Rectanus. Certainly they would benefit the Postal Service. What we would not want to see, however is not an equal focus on cost reduction and right-sizing and trying to get the house in order so that whatever revenue is generated is appropriate and people understand that solutions are trying to be gotten in both areas.    Ms. Rectanus. We have proposed that it's really got to be a balancing act between generating revenue and aligning costs. We do believe that there's more right-sizing that the Postal Service can do, and that's addressing where they have excess capacity but then putting that where they do need capacity, certainly exploring some of the workforce issues that they have, and they--Ms. Brennan is right. They've done a great job over the past several years to manage their workforce, but we're starting to see it creep up again in fiscal year 2015, and looking at the delivery mechanisms.    Again--and you need to do that by also looking at the revenue, but you have to look at both of them. And, yes, part of it is what does the mail picture look like today and in the future and what type of services are going to be required, and how do we want to provide those services, which is what we would like to see through comprehensive postal reform.    Ms. Rectanus. The issue you're asking about is whether anybody's quite like the Postal Service, and the issue is they are a unique organization that were designed to be a Federal entity, an independent agency within the Federal Government. And so they are designed to be self-sustaining. So that's why they are in a different situation than other organizations.    Ms. Rectanus. That's correct.    Ms. Rectanus. To date, the Postal Service has paid about $18 billion on top of the original money that was put in originally. They have missed $28 billion in payments as far as the retiree health benefits program ----    Ms. Rectanus. No, sir. That's the amount of money the Postal Service has not put in. The amount of money that is unfunded is about $54 billion.    Ms. Rectanus. At this point there is--well, there's one Board of ----    Ms. Rectanus. Nine.