    Dr. Fauci. Mr. Chairman, Ms. Castor, members of the committee, first I want to thank you for giving me the opportunity to discuss with you today the role of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases and the NIH in general in the research endeavor to address this. As you know, the NIH is part of a multi-component aspect of the Department of Health and Human Services, and we're responsible primarily for the research for the development of countermeasures.    As I have told this committee in past hearings, the dual mandate of the Institute is somewhat unique among NIH institutes because although we, like others, have the responsibility of developing a robust basic and clinical protocol and agenda in all of the areas for which we're responsible, for us it happens to be infectious diseases, microbiology, and immunology. However, we also have the unique dual mandate of being able to respond very rapidly to emerging threats. And as a matter of fact, that's exactly what we're doing right now.    I had the opportunity and the privilege to write this perspective in the New England Journal of Medicine in January in which I said exactly what Mr. Chairman said in his opening statements, that this is yet again another threat, another arbovirus threat. If you historically over the last couple of decades we had West Nile, we have chikungunya, we have dengue, and now we have Zika. And as Tom said just a few moments ago, we're going to have others, so it's very important for us to have as part of the overall effort a research component to be able to develop the response. And as shown on this slide it's multifaceted. We do everything from basic research to fundamental clinical research and clinical trials. We do provide, not very well appreciated, the research resources for pharmaceutical companies, as well as for academics who want to get into the field of studying this disease, and we're already negotiating with a number of them.    The bottom line of it all, and the end game is to develop diagnostics, therapeutics, and vaccines. I just want to spend a minute or so going through some of the things that we are now addressing.    First, natural history. We were discussing just a couple of moments ago, it's very important to understand the true natural history, not only of the disease, symptomatic versus asymptomatic. Can an asymptomatic person who's infected and pregnant actually have a baby who is a microcephalic baby, or a baby that has a congenital defect? We need to study that. we also need to have cohort studies to understand how this has evolved. What we call pathogenesis of disease is trying to understand how this disease evolves. We did this with Ebola, we did this with HIV, and we're planning to do that with Zika.    Another is the fundamental basic research. We know an awful lot about viruses like HIV, like chikungunya, like dengue. We need to know a lot more about Zika. Luckily, it's related to some of those diseases.    Also, the immune response. We don't understand a lot about the immune response. The immune response is generally helpful. We know with dengue that immune response can actually enhance disease. We need to know the protection against Zika, and whether or not there are any deleterious effects. And also, we need to establish animal models.    You mentioned vector control. We do have basic research collaborations with pharmaceutical companies and individual investigators looking at novel ways to have vector control. You've heard of several of these such as Wolbachia infection of mosquitoes or genetic modification of mosquitoes.    Also in diagnostics, the CDC has taken the role in developing and now distributing widely some of the diagnostics that are available, but we still need high specific, easy to perform diagnostics that can tell an important question. To tell if someone is infected is relatively easy. We do a PCR, it's highly specific. The question that is really on everyone's mind is, have I been infected and if so, how long ago? And that is something that needs specificity because the current available antibody tests tend to cross-react with diseases that are prevalent in these societies, particularly dengue.    Now the issue that we're really concentrating much of our effort on is the issue of vaccines, and we now do have a couple of candidates that we're looking at putting into a Phase 1 trial, hopefully by the end of this summer and early fall, which will take a couple of months to determine if, in fact, they're safe and do they induce an immune response that will allow us to go to the next phase of the response, which is an efficacy phase. And we have a number of candidates that I'll be happy to talk to the group about during the question period.    One I want to bring up in particular, and that is why we have what we call vaccine platforms, things that we have experience with. An example is, we developed a vaccine for West Nile virus several years ago. It was safe, and it induced a good immune response. Unfortunately, there was no company that was particularly interested in partnering with us. I don't think we're going to have that problem now because we have a number of companies that are interested. But what we've done is we've taken that DNA platform and done a very simple thing; we've pulled out the gene of West Nile and we stuck in the gene of Zika, and we're going to be starting a Phase 1 trial, as I mentioned, hopefully. And then finally, we have our screening assays for the development of therapeutics we're going to be looking at because, obviously, therapeutics are a very important part.    So I'll close with this last slide, reiterating what Dr. Frieden, and Dr. Lurie, and I said, that these threats will continue to confront us. And I want to thank the committee for your interest and support of us during these periods. Thank you.    Dr. Fauci. Yes. I think in a vaccine trial it depends on what stage of the trial. When you're in a Phase 1 trial those are people who are completely normal. That's the thing I was mentioning that would start at the end of the summer. When you get into a trial in the field in Brazil, obviously you're going to want to know people who were pre-exposed, as well as people who were not exposed as a subgroup of the study. The fundamental study will be to determine the extended safety and some degree of efficacy in a Phase 2A2B. As a subset of that group, you'd want to know what the response would be in those who were previously exposed, perhaps asymptomatically, versus those who were never exposed.    Dr. Fauci. Agreed.    Dr. Fauci. No, but we will do better. As Dr. Frieden said, this is what we have right now, but we are all of us trying very hard to develop a much more specific test that would answer the question directly that everyone is concerned with. But for what we have now, that's what we're talking about.    Dr. Fauci. Right.    Dr. Fauci. Yes. Well, what you have with influenza was a strain change and a production to have over 150 million doses available over that period of time. What we're talking about right now, as I mentioned, and if I may, let me just clarify----    Dr. Fauci . What is a feasible time frame within the context of there are always vicissitudes when you're dealing. So we have this couple of candidates, two or three that are likely going to go into a Phase 1 trial in 2016. The one I mentioned as a prototype because it seems to be temporally ahead of the others, is one that we think by the end of the summer we'll have enough, and we have our own pilot plant where we're making doses. We're working very closely with the FDA colleagues on trying to make sure we get that same smooth transition that they helped us with when we went into the Phase 1 trial with Ebola. So let's say we start at the end of the summer/the beginning of the fall, it's likely it will take a few months, similar to the Ebola Phase 1 where you know if it's safe and it can induce an immune response.    In 2017, likely in the first couple of months, if the epidemic is still raging in South America, that's very important for a vaccine trial.    Dr. Fauci. Because we're now in a trial, not a distribution. We'll likely get an answer of its efficacy very quickly. When I say quickly, I say 8 to 10 months, at which point then you make a decision, you look at the data and you decide what kind of regulatory decision or not you're going to make.    Remember with Ebola, by the time we were ready to go with the vaccine the cases due to the CDC and other efforts had gone all the way down, and there were very few cases to be able to prove efficacy. I don't think we're going to see that because nobody anticipates that this outbreak is going to just disappear in Brazil.    Dr. Fauci. Well, the NIH was given $238 million from the Ebola supplement. We only have less than $10 million left. We have about $9 million left, and we have ongoing studies, both the survivor study, as well as the next phase of the vaccine study, so quite frankly, Mr. Pallone, we don't have any Ebola money to switch over. Right now what I'm doing in anticipation of hopefully the approval of the supplement, is I'm moving money from other areas right now to get a start on the things that I just mentioned to Dr. Burgess; namely, the vaccine and other components. So we're using money that we have to shift around from other places. We don't have any really substantial money that's left on Ebola.    Dr. Fauci. Yes, Mr. Pallone. Ditto what Dr. Frieden said about not being able to do several of the things that I showed on the slide of our research agenda. But one of the additional things that also worries me about not getting the supplement is that we are now starting to forge partnerships with the pharmaceutical companies that are getting quite interested in, and they're linked to BARDA, and we're all working together to try and push to develop products.    If it turns out we don't get the supplement, we will be viewed as an unreliable partner, and we don't want that because we had that, you might remember, when we were doing the biodefense issues years and years ago where we would start partnering with the pharmaceutical companies, and when it looked like we weren't going to get a particular amount of partnership money, they pulled back. And that would be the worst thing in the world for us, is to have the pharmaceutical companies think we're not a reliable partner.    Dr. Fauci. Yes. Actually, we've been negotiating and discussing with Oxytech, the company that involved with that.    Dr. Fauci. And looking at trying to make sure we correlate what Dr. Frieden was saying, the decrease in mosquitoes with actually a decrease in disease because it may be that that we don't really have that exact correlate. You really want to prove that before you start doing a massive thing, because scalability is really going to be a major problem. And you don't want to scale up unless you know it works.    Dr. Fauci. Nothing to do with Zika.    Dr. Fauci. I'm sorry. I was taken by surprise with that.    Dr. Fauci. Not to my knowledge. They may have consulted with my staff, but not directly with me.    Dr. Fauci. Yes. If you look at the historical analogies with other flaviviruses, we have not seen a serious difference at all in an HIV infected versus non-HIV infected person with that kind of--however, I'm glad you brought that point up, Ms. Clarke, because that's part of natural history studies. When you do natural history studies of cohorts you will be able to get subgroups of that who are HIV positive or not, and actually definitively answer your question, as opposed to saying our impression is that there really is not. But just to reiterate what Dr. Frieden said, we really focus on the pregnant women. That's the real target issue here.    Dr. Fauci. Actually, just to confirm that what we're seeing, the anxiety associated with people who are traveling there, there is a great need to know. We're not seeing denial. There are people who really want to know as much information as we can give them. And as Dr. Frieden said, we leave the individual response to that information up to the individual and their physician, but they are really very much in desire of information, which is what we're trying to get them. This relates to the answer to the question about ultimately getting a highly specific and sensitive test to tell you if, in fact, you were infected.    Dr. Fauci. Well, as we said you have to ask are you infected now? That's not an antibody test, that's a molecular PCR test. The test that people are more in desire of, they go and come back and say I know that 80 percent are likely asymptomatic, so I don't know if I were infected or not.    Dr. Fauci. They want to know an antibody test. Right?    Dr. Fauci. Right.    Dr. Fauci. A lot of activity is trying to develop an antibody test that's highly specific for Zika and doesn't cross-react with other similar viruses.    Dr. Fauci. Right.    Dr. Fauci. You could actually--in fact, Dr. Frieden will just explain it, so why don't you go ahead about the----    Dr. Fauci. What you can do to make it specific is that you can actually--and this is what our grantees are working on right now, is that if you look at the molecule for dengue, which is the most likely bad actor of cross-reactivity, and you look at the molecule of Zika, you could mutate out of Zika those components that are common between Zika and dengue and still have a protein that's left that the only thing it has is things that are highly specific to Zika. That's what we're working on right now. We don't have that, but that's----    Dr. Fauci. No. The virus is gone within days of infection, within 7 to 10 days it's gone. So once the virus is cleared you could do PCR all you want, you won't get anything.    Dr. Fauci. Yes. Actually some examples, just for your information. You have the DNA platform which we've worked with BARDA on. We have the vector platform, the VSV vector where you insert the gene of a particular virus. We did it with Ebola, we're doing it right now with Zika. You have nanoparticles, ferrite nanoparticles so there are all things that can be transferred across all infections, and that's what we mean by a platform, something that you could say this is the way we're going to go, and we're going to stick in the appropriate infection. Once you have those and you have a good solid group of platforms you're going to cut down very, very significantly the amount of time it takes to go after a particular infection.    Dr. Fauci. Yes. I think that we need some money.