    Mr. Sires. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, for holding today's hearing on the migration and refugee crisis facing Europe, which many consider the worst migration and refugee crisis Europe has faced since World War II.    What is with the sound system?    Most of the migration is from refugees fleeing war-torn countries like Syria. The surge of migrants and refugees have significantly challenged and divided Europe, European countries, and the European Union. Many of the frontline states, such as Greece and Italy, find themselves overburdened with the influx of refugees and lack of sufficient resources to properly register and accommodate refugees and migrants.    It is clear that the EU and Europe, as a whole, must do a better job of coordinating efforts across its borders to manage the large number of people in a humane manner. As we work with our European partners to respond to the refugee crisis, we must remember the total influx of people our borders can cost. We have struggled with our own borders to absorb the surge of women and children fleeing violence in Central America. We have learned firsthand the importance of providing a response to these victims that is both timely and humane. Most importantly, these crises remind us that we can't lose sight of addressing the root causes of migration and finding a political solution to the war in Syria.    America has a long history of helping the world's most vulnerable people, and other countries look to the U.S. to lead when it comes to the refugees' resettlement. The administration recently announced that to accept 10,000 Syrian refugees, was the first sign of a goodwill to those that are desperate to flee the turmoil, but we can do much more.    In addition to increasing the number of refugees we accept on Syria, we can draw our own experience--to draw our own experiences and challenges regarding border security and provide assistance and increased coordination to our European allies to help them cope with the number of migrants and refugees.    I look toward to hearing from our esteemed panel of witnesses on the best path forward.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman, for holding the hearing.    Mr. Sires. Absolutely.    Mr. Sires. Thank you.    Well, having been a refugee myself at the age of 11 and coming to this country, I can tell you from experience that I think the assimilation process in this country has a way of absorbing you and making you part of this country. And if you talk to my brother and my younger brother, who was born here, I mean, they have very little remnants of what it was to grow up in Cuba like I did. I came over when I was 11 years old.    My concern, I mean, is that these countries do not have the welcoming that this country has for these refugees. And I understand that, because these are not large countries. And if you have an influx of people, very different from your culture, they stand to congregate and basically stand apart from the rest of the country, which I think eventually is going to hurt those countries. Because they will want to keep their own culture. They do not want to be part of the country that they are in. I don't know. This country here is very different. You want to be part of this country, at least that was in my family.    And I can see where Hungary would want to close its borders. It is not a large country. They don't have the resources. I can see for some of the other countries closing their borders. It is a very different situation that we have here.    Now, Germany needs workers, but I think even now they are starting to rethink the amount of people that they need and the amount of people they are going to accept.    And, you know, my question is, which of the countries have been most impacted--what countries have been most impacted by this influx of refugees? Dr. Shiffman?    Mr. Sires. And I think the influx has been so quickly, so many, that the security issue is very important.    Mr. Sires. I remember as a boy when my father was taken away when we first arrived for about 4 or 5 days. And they went through--my father went through a whole process, did you participate in the communist party? Were you involved in the communist party back then. And then after, you know, after the 4 or 5 days, he was returned to us.    I don't think these countries have any way of screening the people that are going through there like what we went through when I first arrived here.    So to me, I agree with the notion that these countries could be taking in some people that are going to basically try to disrupt our country or disrupt Europe. And for those countries, it is very difficult to keep letting people in the countries who are not screened like they were.    Mr. Sires. The other aspect of this is that I think people who come here eventually want to become American citizens and participate in the process. I know my grandmother was 83 years old when she first became a citizen so she can vote for her grandson. You know, she never learned the language.    Mr. Sires. Absolutely. More than once.    But, you know, it was a process. And no matter how much you try to teach her English or everything, she would never learn it. And my mother used to say that if she ever lost this finger in this country, she be a mute. Because she used to go to the store and say one, one, that is how she bought things. But, you know, you assimilate. And this country has a way of just taking you in.    I don't think these countries have that capacity, and I don't know if the people--and we want it to be assimilated, quite frankly. And those people that are going to those countries, I don't know if they want to be assimilated. Would you agree with that, Dr. Lewis?    Mr. Sires. That is not there. The absorption in those countries is not there either like it is here. You know, for some reason, you know, we drink espresso, but then we like coffee, too.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Sires. Well, I just wanted----    Mr. Sires. I just wanted to thank you. And I am still very concerned about the long-term impact of the constant refugee flow into Europe. I think it is going to disrupt some of these countries, because they just don't have the money or the ability to take in this population.    So I think we have to just keep an eye on this situation, because eventually we are going to have to make sure that the security of this country comes first.