    Mr. Cohen. Thank you, Mr. Chair. I know that you are sincere about your beliefs and I know that reasonable people can differ and we do, but I know that you are sincere and this is a heartfelt position for you. Nevertheless, I am disturbed that we have this hearing today. And I am disturbed because of the fact that first I do believe--and you mentioned in your opening statement that somebody would mention this, and yes, I am going to mention it--that this is really an assault on the woman's right to choose and not simply anything to do with sex and race.    And I am also concerned that this bill at one time was--no longer is, but one time had the name of Frederick Douglass in it and I think it besmirched the name of Frederick Douglass, who is one of the greatest Americans of all time. And that bothered me the last time we had this up and I opposed it.    And in your opening statement you were right that our Declaration of Independence, our Constitution, wonderful documents and said something in there about all men are created equal, they had inalienable rights, et cetera, but that was words on paper because we had slaves; and it did not end with the Civil War. It went on in the South at least until the 1960's and the Voting Rights Act, the Civil Rights Act, Brown v. Board of Education.    And it did not end there because in the South where I am from, which was the focus of the Voting Rights Act for good reason, people do not let--old times there are not forgotten and rarely given up. And segregation and racial injustice carried on into the 1970's and the 1980's and they carry on today. And we do not have Governors in the South now with interposition dripping off their lips standing in the schoolhouse door.    But what we have got is Governors and legislators, not just in the South and as the Supreme Court did get it correct to some extent in the Voting Rights Act when they said it is not just a problem in those select States in the South, it is a problem all over the country and that they should not be specifically limited in the South, well, I do not know that they should have just been limited.    The South is the worst at doing this and there may be problems in other parts in the country, indeed there are, with racial gerrymandering and impediments to people voting, but the South does it best. It is one of the South's deals: We have got barbeque, we have got good football, and we do the best job if you want to really thwart a person's opportunity to vote, the South does it.    And so there should have been special circumstances there. But unfortunately it is a national problem, but the South is kind of the leader there. So all attempts to stop people from voting, which our Judiciary Committee has not taken up voting rights, that is where we should be looking at. We can give people an opportunity to vote. And if we can do things to give people opportunities to have a good living, have women have equal pay and to get jobs and get proper education, and poor people get education and be able to afford and well take care of children, you would cut down the rate of abortion in the African-American community.    You are not going to do it with some bill like this. You are going to do it by giving African-American women better job opportunities and better pay and look out for them in every way possible so they can have a child and know they can afford it and that child will be brought into a house and a home with a mother that can take care of them.    Those are the issues we have got to be dealing with. And I know that these issues--the Chairman and the members of his party are aware of them, but they are not bringing bills to deal with them. We are saying if you have a job now you are losing your SNAP payments. But just because you have got a job does not mean you do not need assistance and that you and your family do not need some help.    So this bill, which is opposed by about every group that cares about women's choice and constitutional rights of a woman, is here like other bills we have had to really be an assault on Roe v. Wade. We have got an entire Committee set up to be an assault on Roe v. Wade. And yet we have got folks that need job training and monies for education. And we have got voting rights issues and we got healthcare issues. And we are not dealing with those things. We are not dealing with what causes the problem. And we really need--we are kind of picking these issues.    And I understand the Chairman. The Chairman is very, very strong on this issue and he has got a heartfelt belief that really--I may be wrong, if I am wrong I do not mean it in an adverse way upon you--but I do not think you want abortion to be legal under any circumstances. And I understand your position, but I think women have a right to choose. I think Roe v. Wade was right. And I do not think we should be spending time on these type of issues, attack Roe v. Wade and women's choice; and we should be dealing with voting rights and human rights and civil rights, and not under the guise of using those issues to frame a bill and a conversation that intends to overrule Roe v. Wade.    So I would like to introduce for the record a statement from the Black Women Reproductive Justice Organizations, they oppose this bill; and also one from the physicians, the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists. And without objection I would ask they be made part of the record.    Mr. Cohen. I yield back the balance of my time.