    Mr. Lamborn. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I appreciate your leadership and the ranking member's leadership and questions. We really need to get to the bottom of this and I think there have been some excellent questions so I will just build on what has already been asked. And thank you for the work that you did.    To follow on what Ranking Member Brown just asked you, it looks to me like there is some abuse going on. Was this unique to the VA or a subset within VA? Or is this potential out there for the entire government, and maybe there is abuse in other departments?    Mr. Lamborn. So at a minimum you would urge us to look at requiring the VA to rewrite its regulations in this area? And at a maximum take this to the rest of the government, maybe go to the OGR committee for instance?    Mr. Lamborn. Now that is the AVO program. Also I think it does not make sense that if someone volunteers for a lower position, that is a lower responsibility position, they keep the same high salary. Now this is not maybe going to happen everyday. But what would keep someone from sort of checking out and really kind of abdicating their responsibilities, taking a really low responsibility job? I mean, in this case it was $15,000. Normally it would be the lesser salary, but way, way less. I mean, is there, what kind of potential is there for abuse here?    Mr. Lamborn. And once again, is this unique to the VA? Or is it government wide?    Mr. Lamborn. Okay. And do you have any evidence that other departments have seen this happen? Maybe that never hit the news?    Mr. Lamborn. Okay. And then a real specific question on the facts right in front of us that led to this whole hearing today. Let me see, where did I have it? Okay. In your report you found that in March, 2014 Ms. Rubens requested a market analysis of her DC., area home from the VA's AVO contractor, Brookfield. Did the evidence gathered give you any indication as to why she requested this analysis when she did?    Mr. Lamborn. Okay. If you could, please. And with that, Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.    The Chairman. Thank you. Mr. Takano, you are recognized for five minutes.