    Mr. Lynch. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And I want to thank Mr. George and Mr. Camus for your help tonight, although I have serious misgivings about doing this hearing halfway through an audit. And I know in your precatory address you talked about that.    And I have to ask both of you, do you typically do a hearing like this halfway through an audit, when you're not complete, when you know that things could change, as you said?    Mr. Lynch. I know that, but you also said you've got a lot more work. You've got this matching think you got to do. OK? You have to find out whether these are duplicates or from a period before any of this occurred.    So you've got a lot that you haven't----    Mr. Lynch . Determined, and you haven't made any conclusions yet.    Mr. Lynch. I know what you're trying to do. And I appreciate that. I appreciate that. And I know you're trying mightily to adhere to that standard.    But, in the middle of this, there's allegations out there, repeated allegations, that this is potentially criminal activity. It's also potentially not criminal; is that correct?    Mr. Lynch. Yes. Don't----    Mr. Lynch. And yet there's allegations that, you know, the IRS is withholding documents. And that's not necessarily true. It could be otherwise, right?    Mr. Lynch. Right.    Well, here's--on May 22, Mr. George, you testified before this committee, and you said this, ``There are established procedures for conducting an audit. And, once again, this is an audit. And to ensure fairness in this investigation and to ensure that we are completely accurate with the information that we convey to Congress, we will not report information until the IRS has an opportunity to take a look at it and to ensure that we're not misstating the facts.''    Do you remember saying that, sir?    Mr. Lynch. Right.    And then when pressed further, you said this: ``Sir, but it would be impractical for us to give you impartial information which may not be accurate. It would be counterproductive, sir, if we were to do that.''    That's what you said.    Mr. Lynch. Well, this says--it says, ``Why, in your view, is it counterproductive to publically disclose information regarding ongoing audits and investigations?''    Mr. Lynch. Here's another one. In response to another question, you said, ``I think it would behoove all of us to ensure that accurate information is given to Congress so that we don't act precipitously. As you I am sure are aware, many times when information is conveyed to the Hill, it is sometimes not retained on the Hill, and that is not fair to the people who we are investigating.''    Do you recall saying that?    Mr. Lynch. So I'm very concerned about this whole process, for your reputational interests, not just for people who are suspected of wrongdoing. I just think it's wrong.    And you're telling me that, once you get this software in 2 weeks' time, you'll be able to do the match, you'll be able to give us some concrete determinations. Right now, this is all speculation, and I think it hurts this hearing.    And this is not an issue that should be sidestepped. I'm not saying that. I'm just saying we should do a very, very good job, and we shouldn't go off half-cocked before you can make the determinations that you need to make and that we have hard evidence here, when you can actually say whether or not there was affirmative withholding here, when you can say whether or not people hid things or, as was said earlier, we were lied to.    Right now, I'm concerned about the due process rights of these people who are being accused in absentia, when we don't have the evidence, we don't have a final--an end to this investigation, and we're doing this halfway through the process. I just think we should be better than that.    And it if takes 2 more weeks--and we have waited a long time. We have waited. And I don't begrudge the chairman from being frustrated. I'm frustrated, too. But I would like--I would like a stone-cold--a full report here so that we can actually do our job. And, right now, there's too much speculation going on from the full spectrum of possibilities.    And I respect your desire and your effort to keep this down to, you know, just the mechanics of what you've been doing, but it's gone far beyond that already. And I think you've impugned, by your own admissions here, the people who you're investigating. And I think that may come back to bite us and, indeed, hurt the integrity of your own investigation, by doing this prematurely.    I yield back.