    Mr. Tonko. Thank you, Chair Shimkus, and good morning. For holding this hearing, we thank you. It is important to review the Grassroots, Rural and Small Community Water Systems Assistance Act.    I am very pleased to be working with you, Chair, and with Representative Harper and the other members of the subcommittee to move this bill forward.    Sen. Wicker's bill and its companion, H.R. 2853, offers a small but important step that we need to take to support small water utilities. S. 611 reauthorizes a small but important program that delivers technical assistance and training to community water systems.    The ratepayer base for these small systems does not provide a sufficient operating budget to support full time technical positions.    Technical assistance programs like circuit riders and source water protection programs help small utility operators to keep clean safe drinking water flowing to their customers.    Our community water utilities have needs that go far beyond technical assistance, of course. The hearing in our subcommittee back in February provided us with ample evidence of the many needs of small community water utilities.    The situation that exists in rural, suburban and metropolitan areas across our country with respect to the condition of our drinking water infrastructure is indeed very serious.    Drinking water infrastructure across the country is in need of major repairs and major upgrades. Communities are struggling to find the resources needed to maintain water mains, pumping stations and drinking water treatment facilities.    Households and businesses across our country expect reliable daily delivery of safe clean water at an affordable price to their homes and their businesses.    They not only expect it, it is essential to the social and economic viability of every community, of every household, of every business.    The inconvenience, the disruption of daily activities and economic losses to businesses of emergency shutdowns to drinking water systems is indeed significant, even for a shutdown of short duration.    A longer term break in service, as we all know, is devastating. Water utilities, especially those with small rate basis, cannot simply pass all of their costs for technical assistance, infrastructure repairs, tapping into new water sources or keeping pace with drinking water regulations on to their customers by raising rates.    The backlog of maintenance is now too large to be covered by rate increases alone. It is long past time for Congress to step in and provide robust financial support, support that would repair and modernize this essential infrastructure.    Too often now utilities are responding to emergency situations, situations created by ruptures of water mains or sudden problems with raw water quality or quantity. Emergency response costs far more than a systematic planned program of repair and replacement.    The Environmental Protection Agency's most recent report on drinking water infrastructure and their needs indicates that--an investment of $384.2 billion over the next 20 years, about $19 billion, that is, per year.    Because past Congresses failed to heed the information that we asked the agency to produce this number has grown by about $157 billion since the first report was issued back in 1995.    We are headed in the wrong direction. Clearly, more resources are needed. We are not saving money by continuing to ignore this problem. We are only passing an ever growing maintenance bill onto our children and grandchildren and generations yet unborn.    Our parents and grandparents invested in the infrastructure that enabled our Nation to grow and our Nation to prosper. We have a responsibility to ensure that the Nation's infrastructure remains a strong foundation for prosperity into the future.    In addition, to support through traditional funding mechanisms the State revolving loan fund and grant programs, we should also examine alternative financing mechanisms, new technologies and potential new partnerships that would enable every dollar to go that much further in reducing the backlog of infrastructure projects.     We cannot afford to delay these investments any longer. The bill for these repairs is growing, growing larger over time and failure to maintain these systems jeopardizes public health and limits development and economic growth.    Public health, community viability and economic vitality all rest on the foundation of sound infrastructure.    We cannot maintain global leadership and compete in a 21st century global economy with poorly maintained 20th century infrastructure.    And so, Mr. Chair, I hope this bill will not be the subcommittee's last effort on drinking water this Congress. I am certain that other members hear about this problem in their districts as often as you and I do.    If we work together we can rebuild this essential infrastructure and foster economic growth and protect public health. We have an excellent panel with us today and I thank you both for taking time away from the important work that you do to be here with us this morning.    With that, I look forward to your testimony and to working with you going forward. Let us build our drinking water infrastructure.    With that, I yield back to the Chair.    Mr. Tonko. Thank you again, Chair Shimkus, for calling this hearing and I also want to, again, thank my colleague, Mr. Harper, for the work that he has done on this important issue.    Drinking water systems in every congressional district are facing significant challenges as they work to ensure everyone, even people in small communities, have access to safe drinking water.    It seems that every week we read about water supply problems, water main breaks or other events that disrupt our drinking water supplies and services.    Mr. Stewart, much of our drinking water infrastructure is decades old and in need of repair or replacement. That is as true for small communities as for large ones.    Your testimony emphasizes the need for technical assistance in applying for funds as well as for dealing with finance and management issues.    When small systems need infrastructure repairs or replacement, is it just a matter of not knowing how to access funds or is there also a need to make additional funding resources available?    Mr. Tonko. Thank you, and how would a small system obtain immediate funding needed for emergency repairs when they experience a major problem with their infrastructure or with their source water?    Mr. Tonko. Thank you.    The technical assistance programs have been funded in the range of $12 to $15 million for a number of years now, this year at, I believe, $12.7 million.    There are over 48,000 small systems across our country and these systems, indeed, are aging. So it seems to me that while this core funding is useful, inflation alone would suggest that a higher authorization for funding should at least be considered.    So I would ask both of our witnesses, both gentlemen, would a more generous funding level enable your organizations to better meet the needs of small utilities?    Mr. Tonko. And you point out in your testimony that in addition to technical assistance, small systems also have difficulty getting access to capital.    So I assume that loans are not an option for many of these small systems and with a small rate base for further increases in water and sewer rates, it isn't a feasible option either.    It seems to me we need to provide additional funds to enable these systems to repair and replace older infrastructure. Would you agree?    Mr. Tonko. And would you support legislation to reauthorize the SRF and increase the funding available?    Mr. Tonko. Would greater funding for both the SRF and technical assistance be put to good use in these systems?    Mr. Tonko. Both of your organizations offer training and certification programs for small system operators. Is that correct?    Mr. Tonko. And I have heard from several of my small water utilities that they are having a difficult time recruiting and retaining people to operate these systems and that many current operators are approaching retirement age. So the backup supply is of a concern.    Are there also workforce issues that we need to be concerned about, from your perspective?    Mr. Tonko. Now, do you think perhaps the lack of available pool of trained people, skilled people, interested people might be because we have ignored this issue?    Mr. Tonko. OK. Well, look, I appreciate your testimony and your support for the legislation. I hope to continue to work with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to address the other challenges our drinking water systems face and certainly with your very important input too. So thank you again for appearing before the subcommittee today.    With that, I yield back.