    Mr. Palmer. Thank you, Madam Chair.    Several folks have mentioned the research on stem cell. Dr. Tim Townes at UAB is a very good friend of mind and doing world-class research in that area.    I've got just a few questions. Dr. Dzau and Dr. Kahn, the United States and Europe have often disagreed on regulations and policies and other areas of biotechnology, for example, genetically modified organisms. How does that impact international scientific cooperation? And do you anticipate a similar challenge in human gene editing?    Mr. Palmer. There are current regulations that prohibit federal funding for human--for research on human embryos and the FDA requires--must issue an investigational new drug application before a biological product may be used in humans. Do you think these kind of safeguards are adequate to prevent the kind of experiments that we're concerned about?    Mr. Palmer. Um-hum.    Mr. Palmer. Dr. Kahn?    Mr. Palmer. Well, with these safeguards--and staying on that line of thought--is there any worry that if the United States doesn't use this research that we could fall behind our international competition and, you know, could new regulations of this technology in the United States put our researchers at a disadvantage or cause them to move their research overseas, Dr. Kahn?    Mr. Palmer. One last question and you can follow up on that as you answer this also, but do you believe that we'll be able to get China and the United Kingdom and these other nations to work together to influence change and Europe to adopt similar standards--similar safeguards?    Mr. Palmer. Thank you.    Thank you, Madam Chair.    Chairwoman Comstock. And I now recognize Mr. Swalwell for five minutes.    Mr. Palmer. A couple of quick questions. Most of this discussion I think has been about government research. You're talking about convening an international summit. I just want to make sure that when we're talking about implementing safeguards that this includes the private sector, that they're not running out there as mavericks. Is that correct?    Mr. Palmer. Thank you. I yield the balance of my time, Mr. Chairman.