    Dr. Shere. Thank you. As far as the interagency efforts, we work strongly with all of the states and with the industry in the area of high-path AI. It is very important that we have strong partnerships and strong understandings with them. We want to look at what the infrastructure is in each state and try to build that, and build around that. We work through a cooperative agreement process reinforcing, not only their resources, but that partnership. So we work strongly with each of the states, their Departments of Agriculture, and with the wildlife agencies within those states, the DNRs, also to help us with the tracking of this disease.    We have tested, through a national tracking program and testing program, over 40,000 wild birds. We use that system as an early indication of the disease and a warning system for us.    Mr. Austin Scott of Georgia. I am down to less than a minute. What are the biggest challenges with regard to tracking that disease?    Dr. Shere. We often are asked where it is going to pop up next, and that is a tough call because this disease is transported, as you know. The outbreak in 2014 and 2015 was spread by wild bird populations.    Mr. Austin Scott of Georgia. Yes.    Dr. Shere. Then in Indiana, we feel like it was a resident low-path AI that was in the birds and then just changed into a high-path AI. We caught it early into a high-path version. So it was a resident low-path, and we have low-paths circulating in the wild birds. So the challenge is when is it going to change, and where is it going to change, and is it going to be in a poultry area that is going to get affected. So that is the challenge: tracking it from that standpoint.    Mr. Austin Scott of Georgia. Well, thank you for your service. I am going to have to step out for another meeting, but I appreciate your service.    Dr. Shere. Thank you.    Mr. Newhouse Thank you, Mr. Scott.    Mr. Costa from California.    Dr. Shere. Yes, thank you. As you know, cattle fever tick has found new hosts and a new ability to move. Currently, this year we have seen an expansion of the cattle fever tick problem. It is a ticky year. When it is wet and moist we see ticks come in waves, and from year to year; that can vary. What we have seen is with the Nilgai, and I don't know if you are familiar with the Nilgai. Hopefully you are.    Dr. Shere. Okay, great. Well, what we are finding with those Nilgai is they have set up their own migration pattern, they migrate up the coast, and we have seen them move up the eastern coast along the Gulf of Mexico, and they bring the ticks with them. So they are bringing that tick with them. And that has expanded the quarantine zone in both areas.    So we have seen an increase in the need to respond to that, increase in resource needs, increase in the quarantine zone. So the ticks are progressively moving on those animals.    It becomes difficult when you have to control a migrating population such as whitetail deer or the Nilgai. If it were just cattle, and we were just dealing with the ranches, it would be fairly easy to come in, spray them on a regular basis, and take care of the ticks. We are investigating new methods to deal with them. In the event that we develop those methods, that is what will help us greatly, and one of those is perhaps, it is not a tick vaccine, but it is a tick treatment that infects the gut of the tick and the females lay fewer eggs. So instead of laying in the neighborhood of hundreds of thousands of eggs, they lay thousands of eggs, and you reduce the population through the use of that. Now, we haven't gotten that license yet, but we are working on a pilot study to try to make sure that we can perhaps utilize that.    So there are new methods out there that we have to use and new techniques to control this, when just simply dipping and spraying isn't getting it done.