    Mr. Grijalva. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    And the state that I was born in, live in is a right-to-work state, Arizona. And from what I have heard today of some of the comments, I--you know, I guess right-to-work laws are the panacea for citizen democracy, economic growth, individual growth, economic growth, as well.    And the fact remains, though, that ongoing and not only in my state but across this country, there is a very fundamental economic problem that families are facing in this country. That is stagnant wages and income inequality across the board.    And let me turn to Dr. Bruno, Dr. Gould. Right-to-work laws as being promoted today, putting aside the fact that there is nothing in law that prevents a rule that requires employees if you are taking the benefit of a grievance representation, then you should be able to kick in a little bit in terms of a fee for that representation. There is nothing.    But having said that, income inequality and the right-to-work law as the salve that is going to take care of this issue, which continues to persist. One question.    Have either of you--has there ever been any study--because when we talk about economic growth, I think it is always good to put another ledger there in terms of the public subsidies that go into bringing a company into a state--tax relief, forgiving taxes for 10 years, building the infrastructure--as an attraction to bring that in and what that public cost is, as well.    With that, let me--that is the only question--    Mr. Grijalva. Dr. Gould, back to the wage, the income inequality issue that is persistent and hasn't seemed to move in a positive direction for quite a while.    Mr. Grijalva. You know, I mentioned--I asked the question about the subsidy and the income stagnation that we are seeing in reference to Arizona. As we attempt to attract and promote the idea that you can come here because we are a right-to-work state, also on that same picture, in that same mirror is we are second lowest in per-people expenditures for education in the country, lowest for taking care of children in terms of health care, and lowest in terms of great actual wage growth.    So, you know, when you look in the mirror, it is not always the picture that has been painted today.    I yield back.