    Mr. LaMalfa. Well, thank you, Mr. Chairman. And my constituents would rather that we talk about a tri-tip sandwich, given the ranches we have up there, or maybe move on from the sandwich.    Mr. O'Malia, we were talking earlier about the CFTC has yet again to put out the final rule on cross-border trades, and the implementations that are going to be required for that in approximately 4 months, is my understanding, which is a very short window of time for the final rule. And so important compliance decisions are also needed as well. So if the CFTC does not come to a decision in this timeline, and the discussions continue to drag on, what would the effects be on the uncleared swap marketplace?    Mr. LaMalfa. So say it again. You don't want speed, you would rather have----    Mr. LaMalfa. You do want, okay, I heard wrong.    Mr. LaMalfa. How possible is it going to be that it is going to be speedy and consistent at this point?    Mr. LaMalfa. Yes, take a moment.    Mr. O'Malia.--sooner rather than later, then we will be in much better shape. What we are trying to do is----    Mr. LaMalfa. Well, how do you feel they are doing on issuing them at this point? Do you think they are going to be pretty snappy getting them out, or----    Mr. LaMalfa. Does it have to be a difficult process, or it would be pretty straightforward?    Mr. LaMalfa. Yes.    Mr. LaMalfa. Yes. How big has that pushback been? I mean we have been hearing about that for at least a year or more that it is a threat. What has the effect been so far, or has it really come to pass yet?    Mr. LaMalfa. Right. That sounds very sensible. Quickly, on compliance decisions between outcome-based and element approach. You mentioned that a little bit earlier as well. Can you elaborate just a little bit on why the outcome-based is the preferred approach?    Mr. LaMalfa. Thank you. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    The Chairman. We are going to get a second round of questioning. I am going to recognize Mr. Scott from Georgia first in that second round.    Mr. David Scott of Georgia. Yes, thank you. I want to continue my first line of questioning, and to pick up on my colleague that just spoke on the other side, concerning the cross-border, and specifically this situation with the EU.    And I want to ask you all, is this putting our American businesses at a competitive disadvantage right now? That is what I want to hear. If you are a clearinghouse, if you are someone like ICE, the IntercontinentalExchange, if you are a CME, if you are a farmer, if you are a manufacturer, if you are an American risk manager, hedge manager, does this uncertainty at this moment in time, is this putting our American businesses at a disadvantage in the global markets?