    Mr.  Stivers. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I would like to commend the chairman for his leadership of this task force and the ranking member as well for your hard work here. And it is unfortunate that this is our last meeting of the task force because I think there is a lot more work to be done.    Ms. Rosenberg, it has already kind of come up a little bit. Mr. Ross talked about this a little bit, but the fact that the Iran deal could give up to $50 billion to Iran immediately, which could then be diverted to terrorism, does that, for you, give us a reason to maybe continue something like this task force, to continue to monitor what is going on out is there?    Mr.  Stivers. Thank you.    Mr. Modell, you and Dr. Shelly talked a little bit about and emerging means of financing. I think you talked about mobile payment technology, trade-based methods. Dr. Shelley just referred to bitcoin a few minutes ago and the dark Web.    Are we creating sufficient protections against these emerging means of financing terrorism activities?    Mr.  Stivers. Thank you.    Dr. Shelley, you and Mr. Larkin, kind of following on what Mr. Modell just said, have suggested that we do a better job of public-private partnerships. And Mr. Larkin is sort of advocating for how effective it has already been, the one that he is involved in. You talk about how DHS doesn't do enough corporate advisory work where they work with people who know what is going on out there. To both of you, wouldn't that help? Whoever wants to start.    Mr.  Stivers. It is an evolving threat, to your point, and we need a very mobile and robust defense.    Mr.  Stivers. Just like in cyber defense, we don't do a very good job of sharing information back from the government to the people who face the threat.    Mr.  Stivers. And I think your organization, by the way, is a great model we can learn from. I really appreciate your being here, Mr. Larkin.    Mr.  Stivers. Mr. Modell, you are putting your finger in the air.    Mr.  Stivers. And that is what I would like to talk about here, yes.    Mr.  Stivers. Great idea. One last follow-up for Dr. Shelley, the other thing you suggested is because of the tie between crime and terrorism financing that we better coordinate our efforts. Could DHS do a better job of helping communities? I know the New York and Los Angeles Police Departments have done a pretty good job. But could DHS do a better job of helping build capacity across our country in local law enforcement, and if so, how?    Mr.  Stivers. Thank you.    Mr. Chairman, with your indulgence, could the panelists show by hands, could you raise your hand if you think the task force should continue? I will note that was unanimous.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman, for your great work.    And thank you, Mr. Lynch, for your work.    You guys have worked together on this in a way that Congress needs to continue. And I hope it continues through extending this task force. And I will certainly personally urge the chairman of the Financial Services Committee to allow you to continue the incredible work you have started. Thank you to the panelists.    I yield back.