    Mr. Peterson. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And I welcome the witnesses.    Oil and gas production can have a positive impact on the rural economy. In my State of Minnesota, we don't have any oil or gas production, but we felt the impact of the North Dakota oil boom by having increased job opportunities in my district. At the same time, the market has recently exposed some of the challenges that come along with oil and gas production, including improving infrastructure like rail pipelines or roads that transport the oil during boom times, or strengthening safety-net programs that could keep our rural economies and communities afloat during oil price swings are all areas that we should further explore.    Oil and gas development has certainly helped some farmers in rural communities, and helped them weather the recent downturn in commodity prices, and this demonstrates the importance of a diverse rural economy and the role that these types of value-added systems play in keeping us afloat.    Agriculture is no stranger to fluctuating commodity prices, and we have all witnessed the impact of extreme highs and lows. When commodity prices drop, rural communities, landowners, farmers, and businesses all feel the impact, and this is why it is important that we maintain a strong safety net and support a wide range of opportunities for rural citizens.    I look forward to hearing the witnesses and their thoughts on the topics.    And I yield back.    The Chairman. I thank the gentleman.    The chair would request that other Members submit their opening statements for the record so that the witnesses may begin their testimony to ensure that there is ample time for our questions.    I would like to welcome today to our witness table three individuals: The Honorable Martin Causer, who is the Majority Chairman of the Agriculture and Rural Affairs Committee for the Pennsylvania House of Representatives from Harrisburg, Pennsylvania; Ms. Angie Sims, she is the CEO of Buster's Well Service, Kermit, Texas, on behalf of the Association of Energy Service Companies. And as an aside, I got to represent Ms. Sims for 8 years while Kermit was in District 11, and she is now ably represented by Will Hurd. So, Angie, it is great for you to be here with us today. And Ms. Jackie Root, who is the President of the National Association of Royalty Owners, of the Pennsylvania chapter, Lawrenceville, Pennsylvania, on behalf of the National Association of Royalty Owners.    With that, Mr. Causer, you have 5 minutes, and the floor is yours.    Mr. Peterson. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I am interested in what the impact of this downturn has had on Pennsylvania and Texas. I am familiar with North Dakota somewhat. They had this tremendous boom, and there was reaction to what happened the last time they went through this boom. And so there was a reluctance to build infrastructure to deal with it. And so by the time they finally got it going, and got the school buildings and the department buildings and all this other stuff to try to catch up, about the time they got this stuff coming online, the prices collapsed, and now you have apartments sitting empty; you have all kinds of issues that I am not sure how it is all going to sort out.    So is that the same kind of thing going on in Pennsylvania and Texas, or have you been through this enough times that you didn't have quite as big of a situation?    Mr. Peterson. Is Texas similar?    Mr. Peterson. Thank you.    Ms. Root, I was looking over your testimony here, and you are showing the numbers of royalty owners and estates. And I am curious how it could be that Minnesota, which has no oil, has 46,600 royalty owners, and North Dakota only has 24,650.    Now, we had a bunch of people go out to western North Dakota back before this all happened. You could buy a three-bedroom house, a very nice house, for $5,000. And a lot of people did, and they used them for pheasant hunting and so forth. They bought it and let it sit empty, except in the fall when they went hunting. They bought some land for pheasant hunting at probably $200 an acre, it was the poorest place in the United States, probably. Then this oil thing hit, and all of a sudden, that $5,000 house is worth $100,000, and they received royalties.    There is some of that, but there aren't enough pheasant hunters to get to 46,600 royalty owners. I am wondering what is going on there? Were those limited partnerships that were sold? I know they were selling limited partnerships in gas wells, many years ago, for tax avoidance kind of things. Is that what it is? Do you know how that could be?    Mr. Peterson. I understand that. If you could go look into those numbers and tell me, generally, where those 47,600 mineral rights are held. They are probably not in North Dakota. They are probably in the gas area, in Illinois, Iowa.    Mr. Peterson. Yes. I would just be curious, because it doesn't seem to----    Mr. Peterson. No, I get that. But, still, it just seems curious.