    Mr. DeSantis. The Subcommittee on National Security will come to order. Without objection, the chair is authorized to declare a recess at any time.    Veteran suicides continue to be a national epidemic. Veterans are estimated to have a suicide rate that is 50 percent higher than those who did not serve in the military. A major driver of suicide rates is the incident of posttraumatic stress among our veterans. According to the Department of Veterans Affairs, between 11 and 20 percent of those who served in Operation Iraqi Freedom and/or Enduring Freedom suffer from PTS. Other estimates range as high as 29 percent.    Veterans with PTS may be troubled by intrusive thoughts; avoid people, places, and things; and experience hyperawareness and nightmares. They may find they are no longer able to trust and love those closest to them. Some may even feel that life is no longer worth living.    Unfortunately, many veterans have met significant problems in receiving the health care they deserve. The issues regarding the inadequate treatment of veterans by the VA have been widely reported. These include long wait times and the overprescription of dangerous opiates. Identifying and utilizing the full range of effective treatments for veterans suffering from posttraumatic stress is something that the VA must do without delay.    One treatment that complements existing therapies is the connection of veterans with PTS with service dogs. These are not comfort dogs or therapy dogs, as useful as those might be. Service dogs perform valuable services for veterans, calming them during a panic attack, turning on lights in a dark home, waking them from nightmares.    Currently, the VA only provides service dogs to veterans with physical impairments. However, a 2010 VA inspector general report stated that the VA ``faces challenges implementing the guide and service dog program. The VA only started assisting mobility and hearing-impaired veterans with service dogs in 2008, 6 years after being authorized to do so. The VA personnel told us the actual demand for service dogs is unknown.'' With tens of thousands of veterans returning with mobility and hearing impairment from wars due to the use of improvised explosive devices and other things, this 6-year delay represents a stunning bureaucratic failure.    The VA contends that there is insufficient evidence that service dogs help those with PTS. However, ample scientific findings and ongoing research suggest that the VA may very well be wrong. Service dogs are not intended to, nor do they cure PTS, but they provide a safe, non-addictive tool for veterans to live normal, functioning, productive lives and they could provide a safe complement to existing treatments for PTS. The urgency of the veteran suicide rate demands that we explore this option.    In the 2010 National Defense Authorization Act, Congress authorized the VA to conduct a 3-year study on the efficacy of pairing veterans with PTS with service dogs. Instead of being completed in 2013, the VA study is not expected to be completed until 2019. According to the VA, the study has undergone ``multiple significant and unexpected challenges.'' The first phase of the study, referred to as phase 1, began in 2011 and had to be suspended and restarted twice, once after two dogs bit children and again after dog health issues arose.    The VA attributed these problems to issues with vendors contracted to provide the service dogs. Many of the dogs provided by the vendor were of substandard quality and had hip dysplasia, a condition that could have been treated earlier if the vendor performed standard screening procedures. Of the 26 veterans that were enrolled in phase 1, only 12 completed the study and four more are expected to complete the study in February of 2017.    The issues with phase 1 could have been avoided if the VA had properly screened the vendors and had reached out to other public and private sector organizations engaged in similar ventures, organizations like K9s for Warriors, with is based in the district I represent, do not experience these issues because of their experience in sourcing and training the dogs.    Instead of conducting outreach, the VA insisted on developing its own veterinary standards for the study, but the Department of Defense already has its own military working dog standards. In fact, DOD is an internationally regarded trainer of dogs and has a team of over 55 personnel, including 14 veterinarians. Had the VA initially adopted DOD standards, the VA could have avoided the $10-$12 million failure of phase 1.    While the VA eventually did reach out and adopt some DOD standards, it appears that development of its own standards was largely duplicative and wasteful. The VA began phase 2 of the study in December of 2014 with numerous changes based on lessons learned from phase 1. These changes included the VA hiring its own dog trainers to provide support to veterans throughout the study, incorporating DOD veterinary standards, and moving the study from one site in Tampa, Florida, to three separate sites in Atlanta, Georgia; Portland, Oregon; and Iowa City, Iowa.    Yet the VA is only meeting half of its monthly recruiting goal of 12 veterans for this study, similar issues echoed in the 2010 VA IG report. This problem is not based on a shortage of interested veterans but instead on the VA's problems filling dog trainer positions and the alleged complexity of the study. With the VA struggling to pair veterans with service dogs, other organizations are attempting to fill the void. In fact, the committee has spoken with various organizations that cumulatively claim to have hundreds of dogs that are trained and ready to be paired.    Contrary to the VA's assertion that ``there is not enough research yet to know if dogs actually help treat posttraumatic stress and its symptoms,'' there is ample anecdotal and scientific evidence that service dogs can help veterans with     Today, we will hear from witnesses familiar with that evidence and from veteran Cole Lyle, who credits his service dog with markedly reducing his PTS symptoms.    Veterans cannot wait until 2018 for the VA to introduce the low-cost, low-risk, and high-reward treatment option. The problem of veteran suicide is too urgent. For this reason, I have introduced the Puppies Assisting Wounded Servicemembers Act of 2016, cosponsored by many of my fellow committee members, including members on both sides of the aisle.    This legislation would create a program for veterans with the most severe levels of PTS who tried a VA-approved treatment and remain very symptomatic to then be referred to an accredited service dog organization. The VA would reimburse the organization supplying those service dogs, and all funds expended would be offset with funds from the VA Office of Human Resources and administration expenses for administrative offices, conference planning, historic preservation, office artwork, and facility interior decor.    Those who risk their lives for this country deserve the absolute best care upon their return, and time is of the essence.    I would like to thank our witnesses for their testimony today. We have veterans testifying and many joining us in the audience, and I want to thank them very much for their service.    Mr. DeSantis. And with that, I will recognize the ranking member of the Subcommittee on National Security, Mr. Lynch, for his opening statement.    Mr. DeSantis. Without objection.    Mr. DeSantis. Without objection.    Mr. DeSantis. I thank the gentleman. And thank you for the support for the efforts.    I will hold the record open for 5 legislative days for any members who would like to submit a written statement.    We will now recognize our panel of witnesses. I am pleased to welcome Dr. Michael Fallon, chief veterinary medical officer at the Office of Research and Development at the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs; Mr. Rory Diamond, executive director of K9s for Warriors; Mr. Cole Lyle, a U.S. Marine veteran who has posttraumatic stress; and Mr. Steve Feldman, executive director of the Human-Animal Bond Research Initiative Foundation. Welcome to you all.    Pursuant to committee rules, all witnesses will be sworn in before they testify. If you please rise and raise your right hands.    Mr. DeSantis. Thank you. Please be seated.    All witnesses answered in the affirmative.    In order to allow time for discussion, please limit your testimony to 5 minutes. Your entire written statement will be made part of the record.    Dr. Fallon, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. DeSantis. Thank you, Dr. Fallon.    Mr. Diamond, you are now recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. DeSantis. Thank you.    Mr. Lyle, you are up for 5 minutes.    Mr. DeSantis. Thank you.    Mr. Feldman, you are up for 5 minutes.    Mr. DeSantis. Thank you. I thank the witnesses. The chair now recognizes himself for 5 minutes.    Dr. Fallon, so why does the reject pairing veterans suffering from PTS with service dogs?    Mr. DeSantis. Have any of the preliminary results that have been pointed to by the witnesses at Purdue or any of those, has that changed any of the thinking within the VA?    Mr. DeSantis. So that said, so the VA's approach to PTS, is it fair to say that it relies heavily on pharmaceuticals?    Mr. DeSantis. But you are not familiar with how these veterans--so basically, you are just here as a veterinarian. You don't have as much knowledge on just PTS generally?    Mr. DeSantis. Okay. Well, because I think all the indications we have received from witnesses, from veterans are that, you know, you get counseling, you get drugs. I mean, that is kind of the two things. And that is effective for some people, but there are other people, and I think Cole Lyle is one, that will say but that is not good. So maybe you can't answer this, but are there dangers associated with providing veterans opioids and other pharmaceuticals to deal with PTS?    Mr. DeSantis. Okay. Well, what would you say to that, Mr. Diamond?    Mr. DeSantis. Mr. Feldman, can you--the opioids, I mean, is there a danger of side effects with that? Is that accurate to say that that is the case?    Mr. DeSantis. Has there been any research that substantiates dangerous side effects with pairing a veteran with a service dog?    Mr. DeSantis. Cole Lyle, have you had any negative side effects since you have been paired with your service dog?    Mr. DeSantis. So, I mean, I think we all agree that veteran suicides are a major problem. We need to do everything we can to prevent them. And I think it makes sense that the VA should explore all possible ways that this can be dealt with. And I understand that there may not--that, you know, people can say, well, we need more literature, but, you know, we have enough evidence there that I think it is something that is long overdue.    Let me ask you this, Mr. Feldman. How is the VA's opposition to providing service dogs harm veterans with PTS?    Mr. DeSantis. What about Mr. Diamond? What is your judgment about the VA's posture? How has that affected veterans?    Mr. DeSantis. And Cole Lyle, I know you have been involved in advocacy on this issue. You have gone through the halls of Congress and spoken with people. What has been the reception from Members of Congress and on both sides of the aisle so far?    Mr. DeSantis. Well, you have done a very good job. You know, as this bill progresses and we have success, some of these guys on K Street may be coming after you, like I say, your success and work in Congress.    And, Mr. Diamond, I think K9s for Warriors has done a great job. It is a part of the district that I am privileged to represent. And I know you guys have expanded and you are there to help, but, I mean, you can only do so much. I mean, I wish you guys could just have unlimited numbers. You know, so you guys are part of it, but I think we need to have a broader awareness here.    But I appreciate all the witnesses for their testimony, and I thank you guys for coming.    And I now recognize the ranking member Mr. Lynch.    Mr. DeSantis. I thank the gentleman.    And the chair now recognizes the vice chairman of the committee, Mr. Russell, for 5 minutes.    Mr. DeSantis. If you would stand and just raise your right hand. Can you stand?    Mr. DeSantis. Okay. The witness answered in the affirmative.    Mr. DeSantis. Before you do your next question, can you just state your full name for the record so we have it?    Mr. DeSantis. Okay. Thank you. And your title?    Mr. DeSantis. The gentleman's time is expired.    The chair now recognizes the gentleman from Georgia, Mr. Hice, for 5 minutes. And we are going to have Dr. Fallon come back and resume his spot on the witness stand.    Mr. DeSantis. I thank the gentleman.    Mr. Lyle, what was your experience with the drugs? How did you get prescribed by the VA?    Mr. DeSantis. Why did they do that? Was it because of your symptoms?    Mr. DeSantis. Because we had testimony before that this is not something the VA is doing, providing drugs, I mean, I guess do you disagree with what was said in your case?    Mr. DeSantis. The previous witness to Mr. Fallon when we did the musical chairs said that that is not something--drugs for PTS are not something the VA does, but in your instance is that what they did or ----    Mr. DeSantis. Okay. And, Mr. Diamond, what--I mean, the bill that we have, if you are down to $22,000, that is even more than what we are doing, so that is good. So you are confident that you will be able to continue to reduce the costs of each dog?    Mr. DeSantis. Okay. Good. Mr. Feldman, I mean, I guess, what is your recommendation for making the case--you are familiar with the research that is going on. What more in Congress do we need to be finding and presenting or do you think that there is enough facts already in existence to justify moving forward?    Mr. DeSantis. Great. Well, look, at the end of the day there has been a lot of anecdotal evidence. There is some evidence coming out in some of the literature. But here is the thing. I could understand why that would be a cautionary tale if there was somehow a negative side effect to this, but there is not. So the worst-case scenario that we are talking about is we have made some veterans happy with service dogs as companions. That is like the worst-case scenario. And obviously, if there is a positive effect, you are actually giving veterans a sense of purpose, and I believe saving lives.    And I will just tell you, since we have been involved in this issue, I have had multiple veterans come up to me and tell me that they would have probably committed suicide but for being paired with a service dog. And so it is not often people look you in the eye and tell you that they probably would have done that, and so it really, really registers when you hear that.    Mr. Lyle?    Mr. DeSantis. I appreciate that.    Did you want to go real quick?    Mr. DeSantis. I was going to recognize Mr. Hurd, but if you are going to go, I will just recognize you.    Mr. DeSantis. All right. I am going to recognize the gentleman from Massachusetts.    Mr. DeSantis. The chair now recognizes the gentleman from Texas, Mr. Hurd, for 5 minutes.    And the votes have started, but we have got 13 minutes, and so Mr. Hurd, and then if there are other questions, we may have time for other members, too.    You are recognized.    Mr. DeSantis. The gentleman's time is expired.    I would like to thank all of our witnesses for taking the time to appear before us today.    If there is no further business, without objection, the subcommittee stands adjourned.