    Mr. Pallone. Thank you, Mr. Chairman and our ranking member, for calling this hearing on the Superfund program.    Superfund has been an incredibly important tool for protecting public health and the economy in my home State of New Jersey and throughout the country, and thousands of contaminated sites have been cleaned up and revitalized, including many former Federal sites.    As successful as Superfund has been, there is still so much important cleanup work to be done. I expect we will hear from today's panel about the staggering number of abandoned mine sites--just a subset of Federal sites and even smaller subset of contaminated sites nationwide. And I hope that my colleagues on this subcommittee will join me in working to ensure that EPA, other Federal agencies, state and local communities, have the resources needed to get these cleanups done.    Superfund sites are contaminated with toxic substances that can make their way into drinking-water wells, creeks and rivers, backyards, playgrounds, and streets. Communities impacted by these sites can face restrictions on water use and recreational activities as well as economic losses as property values decline due to contaminated land. In the worst cases, residents of these communities can face health problems such as cardiacimpacts, infertility, low birth weight, birth defects, leukemia, and respiratory difficulties.    The major environmental laws that are truly the powerful legacy of this committee have consistently held that polluters must pay for environmental harms. The principle is the heart of the Superfund program and should be preserved. For Federal facility cleanups, that means that we in Congress have a duty to ensure funds are appropriated to cover cleanup needs. For private facilities, that means we have a duty to reinstate the Superfund tax and stop charging taxpayers for cleanups.    In 1995, despite opposition from myself and other Democrats, a Republican Congress allowed the Superfund tax to expire. Before its expiration, the collected taxes were placed into a Superfund trust fund that was used for the cleanups of so-called orphan sites, where the party responsible for the pollution either no longer existed or could not afford the cost of the cleanup. The thousands of abandoned mines across the Western United States are examples of such sites. Without those revenues, important Superfund cleanups have been delayed, the backlog of sites needing cleanup has grown, and the costs have shifted to the taxpayers.    As many of you know, I have routinely introduced legislation, the Superfund Polluter Pays Act, which would replenish the Superfund trust fund by reinstituting the taxes that the oil and gas companies paid between 1980 and 1996. The legislation reinstates a 9.7-cents-a-barrel tax on petroleum, a tax on 42 chemicals, and a corporate environmental income tax of 12 percent on taxable income in excess of $2 million. This would help ensure that the EPA has sufficient funds available for the costs of investigation and cleanups of these toxic sites.    Reinstating this tax should be a part of any conversation we have in Congress about Superfund, but the tax itself is not enough. We need higher appropriations for Federal agencies with responsibility for cleanups, and we need financial responsibility requirements to stop the proliferation of abandoned mines and other orphan sites.    Under section 108 of Superfund, EPA has been working to establish such requirements for hard-rock mining and eventually for other polluting industries. Financial responsibility requirements would ensure that any company undertaking the dangerous practice has the resources necessary to cover the costs of anticipated cleanup needs.    Republicans have blocked these requirements in recent years through appropriation riders, a practice that I hope will stop in the wake of the Gold King Mine spill last month.    Removing public health hazards by cleaning up contaminated sites is incredibly important for the surrounding communities. Cleaning up toxic Superfund sites not only reduces human health risks, it helps create jobs during the cleanup and, through newly uncontaminated and productive land, makes it ready for redevelopment. So we should all support cleanup efforts and should ensure that those efforts are funded.    Again, I look forward to today's testimony. I thank both the chairman and Mr. Tonko for calling this hearing.    I yield back.    Mr. Pallone. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Superfund cleanups are essential for public health, the environment, and the economic vitality of communities around these sites. And, unfortunately, in many of these communities, the wait for a cleanup drags on because funds and resources are limited, and the backlog of potentially contaminated sites is huge.    So I wanted to ask Mr. Gomez, with that in mind, can you share some recent estimates of the number of potentially contaminated sites with regard to USDA and Department of Interior?    Mr. Pallone. What about the number of sites under control of Defense or Department of Energy?    Mr. Pallone. OK.    Are there additional Federal sites controlled by other agencies?    Mr. Pallone. These numbers are staggering themselves, not to mention the departments that you haven't looked at, but I think they are only part of the story.    Can you share recent estimates of the cost to clean up these Federal sites?    Mr. Pallone. So if you look at the amount of money that is being spent versus what is needed, there is a huge gap, obviously.    Let me turn to the three agencies on the panel.    Are consistent and reliable appropriations important for completing cleanups in a timely manner, in your opinion?    Mr. Pallone. Sure.    Mr. Pallone. Let me just ask quickly ``yes'' or ``no,'' because then I want to ask one last question, could more cleanups be completed with greater resources? Just yes/no.    Mr. Pallone. How about the other two guys? Yes or no?    Mr. Pallone. And your----    Mr. Pallone. All right.    Let me just ask quickly, because I know my time is up. I just wanted to know if more investment in--I will ask Mr. Stanislaus.    Could more invest in Federal cleanup efforts lead to the development of new technologies and best practices that can improve the cleanups nationwide? Quickly.    Mr. Pallone. All right.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Pallone. Thank you.    I am trying to get through these questions because I wanted to get through a bunch of them. So, first of all, I wanted to ask about the funding limitations that can delay and complicate cleanups.    Mr. Houlemard, can you describe some of the economic impacts cleanup delays have on communities around Federal facilities. And then, secondly, what about the economic impacts of successful cleanups? How do they help local communities?    Mr. Pallone. OK.    Let me move to the second question. When Congress fails to fund agencies consistently because of sequestration, shutdown, or just short-term extensions that unfortunately become the norm, it can have a significant impact on cleanup schedules.    So let me ask Ms. Buthker and Ms. Dieck: From the state perspective, are these budget fluctuations and schedule changes disruptive? Quickly, if you can.    Mr. Pallone. And let me ask Ms. Dieck quickly, because then I have a third question.    Mr. Pallone. All right. Thank you.    Let me go back to Mr. Houlemard about the brownfields program. I was one of the--myself and Congressman Gillmor put together the first brownfields authorization years ago, and I am very interested in ways to strengthen the program and make it more effective.    Could you just elaborate briefly on your suggestion that a flaw in the brownfields legislation must be fixed to allow unique sites like Fort Ord to qualify for the program?    Mr. Pallone. All right.    Let me just say to the chairman and to the ranking member of the subcommittee, I hope we have an opportunity to work on potential improvements to brownfields in the coming months. When I worked with Congressman Gillmor years ago and President Bush signed the bill, we did it in a very bipartisan way, and I would like to see if we could do that again in terms of a reauthorization.