    Mr. Salmon. The subcommittee will come to order. We meet today pursuant to notice to mark up three bipartisan measures. As your offices have been notified, it is the intent of the Chair to consider en bloc the following items, which were previously provided to members and are in your folders: First, House Resolution 339, expressing the sense of the House of Representatives regarding the 25th anniversary of democracy in Mongolia; the Salmon amendment 104 in the nature of a substitute to H. Res. 339; and the Salmon second degree amendment 105 to amendment 104.    We also have House Resolution 343, expressing concern regarding persistent and credible reports of systematic state-sanctioned organ harvesting from non-consenting prisoners of conscience in the People's Republic of China, including from large numbers of Falun Gong practitioners and members of other religious and ethnic minority groups. With that, we will be voting on the Connolly amendment No. 66 in the nature of a substitute to H. Res. 343.    And, finally, House Resolution 374, recognizing the 50th anniversary of the Singaporean independence and reaffirming Singapore's close partnership with the United States. And, with that, Salmon amendment 103 in the nature of a substitute to H. Res. 374.    And, without objection, these items are considered as read and will be considered en bloc.    Mr. Salmon. I now recognize members to speak on these items beginning with myself and the ranking member.    Today we consider three resolutions: Resolution 339, on Mongolia's 25 years of democracy; Resolution 343, on the People's Republic of China state-sanctioned organ harvesting; and Resolution 374, reaffirming Singapore's partnership with the United States.    First, we turn to H. Res. 339, sponsored by Representative Joe Pitts from Pennsylvania. This resolution recognizes Mongolia's success as a young democracy and free market system which has emerged from the fall of the Soviet Union. Mongolia evolved from a one-party Communist state to a democracy upon the introduction of its Constitution in 1992. Since then, Mongolia has held six Presidential and parliamentary elections, each deemed generally free and fair by the State Department. The United States strongly supports democracy promotion around the Globe and will continue to work with Mongolia to promote peace, stability, and other good things in the region.    This legislation encourages the U.S. Government to expand academic, cultural, and people-to-people partnerships with Mongolia to ensure this beacon of democracy in Asia endures.    I offer an amendment in the nature of a substitute that gives the recognition to Mongolia's open government initiative and substantial U.N. peacekeeping efforts.    I have an additional amendment to offer that recognizes Mongolia's eligibility for the Millennium Challenge Corporation Fiscal Year 2015 compact assistance.    I urge my colleagues to support both of these amendments and the underlying resolution.    Next, I would like to express my support for the consideration of H. Res. 343, condemning Chinese state-sanctioned forced organ harvesting. This legislation, sponsored by our colleague Representative Ileana Ros-Lehtinen of Florida, has the support of 152 cosponsors. Reports allege that tens of thousands of Chinese detainees, largely associated with the Falun Gong, fell victim to nonconsensual organ harvesting while still alive. H. Res. 343 encourages China to end the practice of organ harvesting from prisoners of conscience and calls on the Department of State to provide an analysis of these activities.    Representative Gerry Connolly from Virginia will offer an amendment in the nature of a substitute that provides further information on the practice of organ harvesting in China, and I encourage my colleagues to support this measure as well.    Finally, we consider H. Res. 374, which reaffirms the United States' important economic and security partnership with Singapore. I would like to recognize and welcome the attendance of Mr. Denny Heck of Washington. Mr. Heck, along with Mr. Bradley Byrne of Alabama, introduced this resolution and are the co-chairs of the Congressional Singapore Caucus.    Since the Republic of Singapore gained independence in 1965, this city-state has been a critical regional partner of the United States. The United States-Singapore economic relationship has been vibrant, especially since the U.S.-Singapore Free Trade Agreement was signed in 2004, the first bilateral trade agreement between the United States and an Asian country.    In 2014, Singapore was the United States' 18th largest trading partner, and we are pleased that Singapore is part of the 12-nation Trans-Pacific Partnership Agreement. The United States welcomes it broadening military partnership with Singapore based on the 1990 memorandum of understanding for a continued security presence and the 2015 defense cooperation agreement. This resolution also underscores Singapore's commitment to peaceful resolution of disputes, such as those in the South China Sea. As the United States works to implement the rebalance to Asia, Singapore will undoubtedly play an incredibly important partner in that process.    Given the storied history of the United States-Singapore relationship, it is important to recognize this relationship, especially on the 50th anniversary of bilateral diplomatic relations.    I offer an amendment in the nature of a substitute that reflects additional U.S.-Singapore cooperative efforts. In the face of a deteriorating security environment in Asia-Pacific, reaffirming this partnership is critical. This resolution is an important part of this affirmation. I encourage my colleagues to support the measure.    These measures will be considered en bloc, and I urge the subcommittee's support for all three measures.    I now recognize the ranking member for his comment on today's procedures.    Mr. Salmon. I am not particularly married to that ``whereas'' clause, and if that is something that is causing the gentleman some concern, I would entertain a motion for that clause being stricken or modified.    Mr. Salmon. And I would be very, very supportive of that.    Without objection, then--if there is no objection on the panel, then I am going to go ahead and strike that.    Without objection, so ordered.    Okay.    Anything else?    Mr. Salmon. We aim to please.    Mr. Salmon. We did.    Mr. Salmon. We could make it into a song.    No, I am very, very pleased that you are here. And trying to observe the rules of the committee as far as speaking, but, Mr. Heck, this wouldn't have come to the floor, this Singapore resolution, without your great work, and we very, very much appreciate it, and thanks for being here today.    Mr. Rohrabacher.    Mr. Salmon. Mr. Chabot, did you have an opening statement?    Mr. Salmon. I thank the gentleman.    Do any other members on the panel seek any recognition for opening statements?    If not, then the question occurs on the adopting the items, as amended, en bloc.    All those in favor, say aye.    Those opposed, say no.    In the opinion of the Chair, the ayes have it, and the en bloc items are approved.    Without objection, H. Res. 339, H. Res. 343, and H. Res. 374, as amended, will be reported favorably to the full committee. And the staff is directed to make any technical and conforming changes.    I would like to thank all members and staff for the assistance and cooperation that went into today's markup, and I would like now to move into the hearing side of the--I am sorry. I will adjourn the markup, and I will go ahead and convene the next meaning, which is a hearing dealing with human rights in China, and I will allow the panelists time to take the dais.