    Mr. Tidwell. Mr. Chairman, Ranking Member, Members of the Subcommittee, once again, I really appreciate the opportunity to be here today to be able to talk about a very important subject, and that is the health of our National Forests, the health of our nation's forests. I appreciate both of the opening remarks that so clearly describe the overall benefits that the American public rely on from these lands. I also want to thank you for the farm bill. We are just beginning to start using those new authorities, and it is really going to make a difference to be able to help us to support rural economies while improving the health of our nation's forest.    As you have already said, today, our National Forests are more important to the nation than ever. Restoring the health and resilience of these forests not only generates all the benefits that you have described, but it is also those economic benefits, those economic engines, for so many of our rural communities. In Fiscal Year 2011, for example, the various activities on the National Forest and Grasslands contributed over $36 billion to America's gross domestic product, and supported nearly 450,000 jobs. But to be able to maintain all of those benefits, those economic activities, it is essential that we continue to restore and maintain these lands, and it is one of the reasons why we continue to increase the number of acres we are treating every year.    In 2013, we treated 2.5 million acres to restore the health of these lands, and in Fiscal Year 2014, we increased that to 2.9 million acres. At the same time, we are also increasing the outputs, for instance, with timber production. In Fiscal Year 2013, we sold 2.6 billion board feet, and Fiscal Year 2014, that went up to 2.8 billion. This year we have a target of 2.9 billion. And in 2016, with our budget request, we are estimating we will be at 3.2 billion, which just demonstrates the importance for us to be able to do the work on the land to produce these key benefits.    The way we have been able to continue to increase the acres treated and produce these key outputs is several innovative restoration efforts that we have going. The first is collaboration. This concept of working with communities in a way that they have more of a say, a greater engagement, is really building more support for us to be able to take on projects across large landscapes. We have our Collaborative Forest Landscape Restoration Program projects that are looking at landscapes from about 130,000 to over 600,000 acres, and being able to dedicate multiyear funding to these areas, it is really proving to be a success on these 23 projects. We are also improving our approach on NEPA to be able to not only do large-scale projects, but also to use the concept of adaptive management that allows us to do one set of analysis that allows us to do the work that is needed over a set period of years. We are continuing to expand our markets, which is essential for us to be able to have a way to put the biomass of saw timber to use. And then with the farm bill, I look at the farm bill authorities and they are going to help us to expand. Stewardship contracting; thank you for making that permanent. The Good Neighbor Authority, the insect and disease provisions that will help us to reduce the amount of time it takes for us to be able to do the analysis, and also the new categorical exclusion for us to be able to treat up to 3,000 acres with that CE.    Now, with the passage of the farm bill, we moved quickly to work with the governors to designate 46.7 million acres where we can use the Insect and Disease Authority, but many of our projects in Fiscal Year 2014, and Fiscal Year 2015, already had the planning started. So we are really going to see the benefits of the farm bill really start coming together at the start of this year, but especially next year. For this year, we have nine projects already that are lined up to be able to use these new authorities, so we will be able to demonstrate the benefits of that. Also with the Good Neighbor Authority, we are working closely with the states, with the Tribes, with other stakeholders to put together a set of templates that not only works for the Forest Service, but more importantly works for the state, so that we can use this authority to actually increase the capacity for us to be able to get more work done, working through the states, and this will also expand our partnership efforts.    So these are the things that we have going, the progress that we are making, and I will tell you, I am tremendously proud about the work that is getting done, the work we are doing with our partners and our communities. And once again, the farm bill, those authorities are really going to make a difference as we move forward.    Thank you for your time this afternoon. I look forward to your questions.    Mr. Tidwell. Well, once again, with the passage of the farm bill, then it took a while to work with----    The Chairman. Check your microphone. Thank you.    Mr. Tidwell. Excuse me. With the passage of the farm bill, and then it took some time to work with the governors to designate the areas that we could apply the Insect and Disease Authorities. By then we had already planned our work in 2014, and also through 2015. So we are seeing right now that we have nine projects, and that will increase over the year. You will really see the benefits of these new authorities come into play in Fiscal Year 2016. So we are not going to ask people to stop the projects they have done the analysis on, and are halfway through with, to be able to shift gears. That is one of the reasons it has taken us a little more time.    Also, on the Good Neighbor Authority, which may be one of the best uses of the farm bill authorities in your state, we are taking the time, first of all, to work with the states, and then we also have the Paperwork Reduction Act that we have to go through that does require certain processes we have to follow, and so that has taken a little more time. But the benefit of this is, by sitting down with the states and actually going through what we call sand table exercises, where we actually look at the templates and go through a scenario to see how this would actually play out on the ground, working together. Because of that, we are going to have a much better product than if we would have just quickly moved forward. I look at that as probably one of the areas, especially in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania and with the value of the timber that we have in your state, it really will lend itself for us to find ways to work closer with the state to be able to bring more capacity to get more work done.    The Chairman. You have a projection, obviously, seven projects so far. Do you have a work plan, do you have a goal in terms of what you are going to be able to accomplish in the year ahead?    Mr. Tidwell. Well, my goals are what we are looking at, the total number of acres, the total outputs that we are putting out there. What we have asked each of our regions is to be able to make sure, first of all, our Forest Supervisors are fully aware of these authorities, how to use those, and to make sure that we are using them because, with the modifications to the Healthy Forest Restoration Act, we can now look at many of our projects, especially where we have these strong collaboratives, that often we can only look at two alternatives in an EA or an EIS versus in the past, we have needed to look at maybe five or six, and we had to fully analyze. This is a significant improvement.    Under the Healthy Forest Restoration Act, we had great success using a similar authority, but now this one allows us to use it where we have this insect and disease concern, which is on over 46 million acres.    The Chairman. One way, and you had mentioned CFLRP, and one of the goals of that program was to avoid the wildfires.    Mr. Tidwell. Yes.    The Chairman. Have we been able to quantify with just what has been done so far towards the reduction of wildfire threat on those acreages?    Mr. Tidwell. Yes. We just put out our 5 year report on the CFLR Program, and even though only \1/2\ of the projects have actually had a full 5 years, we have been able to document the tens of thousands of acres where we reduced the hazardous fuels, also over 1.3 billion board feet that has come off of those projects. We are meeting our goals when it comes to hazardous fuels reduction, we are meeting our goals when it comes to watershed improvement on most of the areas, and we're seeing outputs like saw timber and biomass. Areas where we wanted to reduce noxious weeds in is an area we have to look at to improve. That is one of the targets that we are not in line with yet. But the 5 year report demonstrates the success we are having with this program, and it is one of the reasons why, in our 2016 budget request, we are asking for the authority to expand this program.    The other key part of this is that it takes a commitment for multiyear funding for us to be able to look at these large landscapes, and once again, the smallest one is 130,000 acres, but to be able to have that dedication so that the communities and the industry know that, okay, we are going to continue to be working on these, and it is not going to be a 1 year jump forward and then let's fall back. That is the other benefit of this program and why it is really producing the results we are seeing today.    The Chairman. Okay, great. Well, thank you very much. My time has expired. And I hoping maybe we will get two rounds. We will see.    But I am pleased to recognize the Ranking Member for 5 minutes.    Mr. Tidwell. Well, first, your point about how we fund wildfires, it needs to be fixed. That is the first thing. I think that before we can really talk about what needs to be done on these landscapes, we have to find a solution. I appreciate your support for the Wildfire Disaster Funding Act. There is just no question that is something that needs to be addressed.    Once again, just between Fiscal Year 2015 and Fiscal Year 2016, we are going to have to find another $110 million to put into fire suppression. Since 2003, it has gone up $740 million. That has been the 10 year average cost of fire suppression. And with the constrained budget, that impacts our ability to carry out all the other management responsibilities that we have. To the point that, with our staff that manage the National Forest Systems, our staffing has gone down over 35 percent.    Mr. Tidwell. Yes, it is really the first thing that needs to be addressed, and once again, I appreciate your support. But then the other key things going on today is this level and awareness and understanding about the work that needs to be done our National Forests. A level of collaborative efforts that are going on where people are coming together and reaching conclusions about what is the right mix of benefits under this concept of multiple use to provide for wildlife or recreation, of course, water and for fisheries. At the same time, there is a need for us to remove more biomass, and so that is why we have gone to great lengths to be able to identify the number of acres we need to actually be restoring.    Mr. Tidwell. We will be glad to provide you with a list of the various communities that we are working very closely with, along with the ones that are actually providing financial resources to be able to invest in making an improvement in their forests.    Mr. Tidwell. Well, first of all, we are working very closely with U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service so that they understand the things we are doing on the landscape, the way that I believe that healthy forests are also good for bat populations. And then at the same time, our staff has looked at these interim procedures and have gone through all the sales that we currently have, and we feel that we can, with some very minor modifications, be able to ensure all of our projects that are lined up this year will be able to go forward. In the future, at least where we are at right now, there may be some additional impacts we have to do through the consultation with Fish and Wildlife Service. We will have to adjust some of the operational periods of when the loggers are out in the woods in a few cases, but everything I am seeing right now is that we are going to be able to work with this, and to be able to provide the quality habitat for bats, minimize disturbance, but at the same time, carry out the work that needs to be done to restore these forests.    Mr. Tidwell. Yes.    Mr. Benishek.--Michigan about the impact of this species.    I have another question about the Michigan DNR apparently met with the Forest Service last month in Wisconsin to assess how to implement this Good Neighbor Authority in our neighborhood, and I understand that, coming out of the exercise, you committed to allowing funds received to be used to pay for the work that states conduct under this authority, as we envisioned in the farm bill. So I just want to thank you for your commitment to implement this Good Neighbor Authority in this manner. I know that states like Michigan are eager to help the Forest Service fully implement this forest plan. Can you confirm to me that you will be finalizing the program shortly so that states can implement, maybe even this summer?    Mr. Tidwell. Yes, we are working to complete the requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act, and then submit the templates for approval. It is my understanding where we need to be is that the receipts from these Good Neighbor Authority agreements can be managed by the states in a program so we can continue to fund restoration work. I see this as one of the many benefits of this authority that they will be able to retain these receipts through these agreements, and then invest in more restoration work on the forests.    Mr. Tidwell. I am hopeful that states like your state, and maybe with Wisconsin and a few other states that have really kind of leaned into this, that we will be able to actually move forward with the projects later this year, to be able to demonstrate the benefits of this. And it is a fair expectation. We need a few states to kind of step forward and to be able to demonstrate what can be done through this, and that will help other states probably come onboard. So we are actually looking towards your state to be one that will help us.    Mr. Tidwell. Okay.    Mr. Tidwell. Well, I share your concern. It is one of the benefits of our agency being decentralized and where we have decisions made at the lowest level that are closest to the communities. It has been the history of the agency of consolidations, but we go to great lengths to try to minimize those. But as I mentioned earlier, the impact of paying for fire suppression, and this has occurred over time, it hasn't happened in just a couple of years, but over the last, really, 15 years it has had a devastating effect on our staffing levels, and it has resulted in where we have had to consolidate more and more offices, at the same time trying to be able to keep our presence in communities. We go to great lengths that each time there is a reduction under my watch, I have made sure that all levels; the Washington office also goes down. We have just completed some efficiency works where we reduced over $100 million out of our fixed costs to do everything we can to make sure we can fund the staff we have out in the field. But this is a reason why we need to find a solution to the fire suppression issue. And I appreciate your support on that.    We are going to go to great lengths to try to keep our presence in all these communities, and I would much rather see a reduction at the other levels of the organization, and at the same time, be able to maintain the folks that are out there in the communities, the people that are out doing the work on the ground. And so that is going to continue to be my focus.    Mr. Tidwell. Well, the cross-laminated timber is what our Forest Products Lab worked to develop and pass all the tests. One of the benefits of this type of a product is that we are looking at being able to expand commercial buildings. Right now in this country, we are limited to about four stories at the most using wood, but with cross-laminated timber, it has the strength, and meets all the heat-resistant standards in this country so we could be using cross-laminated timber for buildings going eight to nine stories easily. And we actually have a competition to get some architectural firms working with engineering firms, to compete to see who would build a couple of examples for us. We are working with Canada on this. They are also interested in it too.    The first mill is going to be in production by the third quarter of this year in Oregon, to actually start to produce this. But it is another benefit of being able to use the small diameter material. We have markets for the saw logs, but there is so much of this smaller material that needs to be removed to reduce hazardous fuels, et cetera, and these cross-laminated timbers, they take this smaller material, and they can use that to be able then to construct beams 30-40 long, that are actually stronger than, say, natural wood is. And so I am very optimistic that as soon as we are able to get some folks to build some buildings with this, that we will be able to expand this market, and be able to create another use, especially for this smaller diameter material.    Mr. Tidwell. Well, the treatments that we are putting on the landscape are producing the results we are looking for, but what we need to do is expand and accelerate the number of acres we are treating. That is where we really need to put the effort. We have done studies on our projects that are designed to reduce the threat of wildfire, and we have looked at 2,000 cases, and over 90 percent of those 2,000 cases we have been able to produce the results to reduce the severity of wildfire. For that ten percent that has not, in most of those cases the problem has been that the project wasn't large enough. That is the thing that has just changed. With the fire activity that we are seeing today, the fire behavior we are seeing today, we have to be looking at much larger areas. Folks would look at maybe a 100 yards, 300 clearing was enough to stop these fires, but when we are looking at changing fire behavior, we have to be looking at thousands to maybe 10,000 acres at a time to reduce the amount of fuel in that landscape to change the severity. So that is the area that we want to continue to work on.    So what we are doing is producing results. We just need to get more of it done.    Mr. Tidwell. We do consult and work closely with them. In fact, we rely on the industry----    Mr. Tidwell. Yes.    Mr. Allen.--industry. Are we doing what we need to do to promote that industry as far as marketing these pellets to the rest of the world?    Mr. Tidwell. We are, but there is a need for more, and I would start with research. We have done research over the years to be able to look at pellets, about how to increase the BTUs in a pellet, also to look at how pellets are more durable, so especially if we are shipping them on barges across the Atlantic. And so we need to continue that work. Then the other challenge that we have is: the Forest Service is working with the states and with the industry to be able to answer the question around sustainability. We have been questioned that, especially with the pellet production there in the Southeast, is that truly sustainable forestry. And we are going to work with the states and with the industry to be able to demonstrate that so our European markets, they can be satisfied that, yes, this is sustainable forestry. And that is one of the things that we are working on right now, to make sure that we don't lose that very key market.    Mr. Tidwell. Yes.    Mr. Tidwell. Well, just this past week, our staff has been meeting with Good Earth and asked these questions. And it was a tremendous success to be able to get this EIS completed. I cannot thank the partners, the communities enough that have worked so closely with us to be able to do this kind of historic document. But now is the time to go to work. And so I am cautiously optimistic. There are task orders that have been issued, and we will hold Good Earth accountable, like we do all of our contractors. And at the same time, because of the size of this EIS, there is more work now that it has been approved than was required with Good Earth's contract. So we are also going to be moving forward with issuing task orders to other purchasers in that area too so that, not only Good Earth can be moving forward, but we can also get some more work done.    The reason we are able to do this, it goes back to the work that was done under the previous stewardship contract where we treated over 300,000 acres in your state to be able to demonstrate not only the benefit of this type of treatment, but to build the trust in the community. It is one example of where, through these collaborative efforts, we can bring people together and then take on doing an EIS that covers over 565,000 acres with one document, but doing this, at a minimum, it probably eliminates anywhere from 30 to over 50 EAs and EISs that we normally would have done to be able to do that same type of work. And so it is essential that this is successful, and we are going to work very closely with Good Earth. And everything they have told us is that things look very good as we move forward.    Mr. Tidwell. Well, one of the things we need to do is revise many of our forest plans. There are over 65 forest plans that are way out-of-date. And part of that is that, when we went through the first phase of planning, we looked at everything we wanted to do, and it was like there were no budget constraints. And we would actually lay out expectations about all the work that needed to be done, and we had a caveat in all of them that said, based on availability of budgets. Well, that all got kind of lost. And so as we go through with our new planning rule, one of the things we changed is we want to talk about what realistic expectations, what needs to be done and what it is going to take to be able to do that, and to be able to project with some certainty the level of outputs that are going to be produced year-in-year-out based on some realities, so that industry can use that to be able to make business decisions, individuals can take that to make business decisions, whether it is with recreational businesses or whether it is with timber, or whatever. That is part of it. But that being said, your forest, like all the other states that are represented here today, there is a need of for us to be doing more work there.    For New Hampshire, I have to be careful when I use the term restoration because they understand what that means, from when these forests were acquired back in the early 1900s, they understand restoration and the importance of that.    Mr. Tidwell. Yes.    Ms. Kuster.--completely, so we know.    Mr. Tidwell. You get that.    Mr. Tidwell. But there is a need for us to do more. And in your state, again, it is a place where, talking with the Forest Supervisor, he feels that the Good Neighbor Authorities are going to be an opportunity for him to bring some additional capacity by working with the states and with partners to be able to actually get more of that work done, to produce that mix of benefits which includes a need for increased timber harvest in your forest, to be able to maintain that health, keep the recreational settings which are so important to your state and on that forest, but at the same time, be able to maintain forest health, forest resiliency.    Mr. Tidwell. I will have to get back to you on that. I do know that we are implementing some additional projects this year. We have approved the funding, working with NRCS and some other partners up there, so they are doing some more stabilization work to reduce the sediment. So I will get back to you about when we will be to that point, where the dredging can occur, but----    Mr. Tidwell. It did?    Mr. Tidwell. Wow.    Mr. Tidwell. Okay, we will do that.    The Chairman. Does the gentleman yield back?    Mr. Tidwell. Well, if you look at the work we have done with stewardship contracts where we have the ability to retain those receipts and be able to get more work done, is an example of----    The Chairman. Exactly.    Mr. Tidwell.--some of the benefits of that you mentioned our salvage sales, we are able to kind of retain the receipts off the salvage, to have a salvage sale fund to be able to do that work.    A lot of our funds from our green timber sales, I mean part of it goes into the KV Fund to be able to do the work to restore, replant the forest when we need to do that. Part of it goes into the 25 percent fund that goes to schools. There are definitely----    The Chairman. But all those----    Mr. Tidwell.--benefits----    The Chairman. But all those pass hands. They go back to the black hole of Washington and then come back out to the communities, or to the states first, but----    Mr. Tidwell. Yes, that is one----    The Chairman.--then to the communities.    Mr. Tidwell. Yes.    The Chairman. Yes.    Mr. Tidwell. Yes. If you look at what we have been doing with stewardship contracting, and the level of support that when we do a project with stewardship contracting, overall we just have generally more support for the work because we do a mix of work, we are able to retain the receipts to be able to do the restoration work. With the Good Neighbor Authority, we will be able to do something similar with those agreements with the state, to be able to demonstrate how we can do that to reinvest. So those are just a couple of examples to answer your question.    The Chairman. Okay. I see retained receipts as one of the things we need to be looking at so that we are reinvesting.    Mr. Tidwell. Yes.    Mr. Tidwell. Well, it is part of our responsibility to be able to work with the Tribes not only to ensure protection of their cultural, spiritual values, but at the same time when it comes to forest health. We have many projects where we are working together collaboratively. In your state, Pueblo of Isleta is one example where we have a CFLR project we are working on.    Mr. Tidwell. Okay.    Ms. Lujan Grisham.--sound as they ought to be, quite frankly.    Mr. Tidwell. I think that your examples are more work that we need to do. And it is one of the things we are trying to work very closely with the Tribes on. Also we are doing some work with the Mescaleros right now to be able to help them to get their mail retooled and back up. But I would be glad to provide you with a list of the things that we are doing, and then, even more importantly, the things that we are moving forward on, where we recognize we need to be doing more to work closer with our Tribes.