    Mr. Jordan. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I'll be brief.    Here are the facts. As the chairman indicated, 22 times the President said he couldn't do what he did. Federal judge agreed with the President, what he said 22 times, and said the executive amnesty order was in fact wrong. That judge has said attorneys for the government, when they came before the court, misrepresented the facts. And after the injunction, the Department of Homeland Security violated the judge's order when they sent 3-year work authorizations to approximately 2,000 individuals. Those are the facts. That's what we need to get the answers to. That's why I'm pleased our panel is here, so they can answer our questions.    And I think this is a hearing very necessary, Mr. Chairman. I appreciate the chance to be here. Appreciate you calling the hearing.    With that, I yield back.    Mr. Jordan. Thank you.    Director Rodriguez, President issues his executive order on November 20 of last year. Court case ensues. There's a hearing on the preliminary injunction January 15, 2015. Your counsel represents to the court: No applications for revised DACA would be accepted until the 18th of February. No action would be taken on any of these applications until March 4.    Did you know at the time that your counsel was misrepresenting the facts?    Mr. Jordan. It's pretty clear--if I could just interrupt for a second, Mr. Rodriguez. It's pretty clear your counsel said, ``Just to be clear, Your Honor,'' and he reemphasized that point that no applications going to the 3-years deferrals would happen until at least February 18--or, excuse me, March 4, and yet the case--isn't it true that you had had 100,000 of these applications--or not applications, but these actual 3-year deferrals go out to 100,000 individuals?    Mr. Jordan. Exactly. Exactly.    Mr. Jordan. Well, I mean, the judges said it. They were misrepresented to the judge. I'm saying did you know at the time that counsel for your side of the case misrepresented that fact to the judge?    Mr. Jordan. When did you learn that there had been a misrepresentation to the court?    Mr. Jordan. Yeah. So you informed the court when?    Mr. Jordan. Okay. You advised the court on March 3 or 4, early March. When did you first learn that there may be a problem?    Mr. Jordan. I'm looking for a date because you have got to remember the context, though, Director Rodriguez. We were having an important debate here in Congress relative to the Department of Homeland Security funding bill. The judge issues his injunction on February 16. You're telling us: A few weeks later, we went on our own, just out of the kindness of our heart, even though the judge thinks you misrepresented the case to him, out the of kindness of your heart, you told the judge sometime early March, but that DHS bill came due on February 27. You said you knew about this shortly after the injunction. So sometime between February 16 and February 27, you learned of it. I'm wondering why you didn't tell us right away or tell the judge right away, which we would have known about and the American people would have known about.    Mr. Jordan. All I'm saying is it would have been nice in the heat of that debate, frankly, debate that the whole country was having, if we'd have had that information before the deadline of the DHS bill, which is February 27. You're telling me you knew there could be a problem, and you decided to tell the judge, but you waited until after the 27th.    Mr. Jordan. Well, I tell you what would have been a lot nicer. What would have been a lot nicer is if the counsel for your side, when they were in front of the judge, would have told him what you told the court, would have told him, ``Hey, there's already been 100,000 go out,'' instead of misrepresenting it to the court and saying, ``That's not going to happen until sometime in February, sometime in March.'' That would have been better. But, the fact, that you learned before the 27th day and waited to tell the judge and, therefore, Congress and the American people until after the DHS bill, I think's relevant.    Last question if I could, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Roth, have you looked into this issue?    Mr. Jordan. And what does that mean, Mr. Roth? Is that going to be a report sometime soon, or when are we going to have something that--when's your investigation or audit going to be done?    Mr. Jordan. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.