    Mr. Graves. Commissioner, good morning. I hear your arguments, and I want to applaud you for doing more with less. I remind the committee that we are nearly $20 trillion in debt. Over the last 6 years, we have been able to cut nearly $200 billion from discretionary spending, but there is more to do. But I understand your request. I do.    And so just to go back to last year, we had a conversation about fraud, and my memory, if it is correct, is that around $5.8 billion was reported in fraudulent tax refunds being sent to criminals and not to the taxpayers that were owed them. That is about half of your budget request.    And so the easiest way to get to your budget request would probably be to continue your efforts to eliminate that fraud. I think that would help all of us.    And so I want to thank you for the summit that you had and bringing all the stakeholders in. It sounds like it was very productive. I would like to learn more about that, and hopefully we will hear a little bit more about that today.    But it sounded like it was more about the individual preparers that had been defrauded through identity theft or some other mechanism--that seemed to be the focus. Was there any type of focus on fraud related to the electronic identification numbers, the filing identification numbers the industry uses for authentication purposes, to check and make sure that there is not fraud occurring from the non-individual filing perspective?    Mr. Graves. So you have ability to verify and authenticate the EFIN of these preparers?    Mr. Graves. All right. And as I close, Mr. Chairman, let me just point out that the industry is lawfully doing what they are expected to do, and that is filing returns to the best of their ability.    Mr. Graves. And so, as we said last year, and I believe the Commissioner supports this, we don't need to put undue regulations on an industry that is clearly trying to assist the Commissioner and the agency, and are doing as much as they can do with the information that is being provided to them. It is up to the agency to determine and verify the validity of the data being received.    And then lastly, let me point out, it is nice to hear for the record that we have one agency that is just trying to get back to a 2010 funding level, and that demonstrates the good work of this committee and what we have been doing over the last couple years and how tough it has been.    But thanks for doing more with less.    Mr. Graves. Mr. Donovan, good to see you.    Mr. Graves. I am going to change topics briefly for a moment, but, first, I am excited to hear the enthusiastic support of the President's budget by Mr. Quigley and the ranking member. I hope to see them introduce that and put their name on it and cosponsor it and advocate for it and debate it on the floor so we can see where all Members of the House stand on that budget.    But thinking about the President's budget, thinking about Mr. Womack's comments and the chairman's comments, the American people and particularly those in the 14th District of Georgia are just mad. They are frustrated. They do not trust this government. They do not trust in any kind of responsibility for financial management, for reducing the debt. They hear the comments, such as yours just now, of, ``oh, well, the debt's going to go down over time in relation to something else,'' when, actually, the number is going up over time. They see that. They know that.    And it is that frustration you are seeing all throughout the country right now in the Presidential election. And, quite frankly, I am glad that they are expressing this frustration and this anger because I am hoping somebody will listen. And we are soon to find out who is going to be listening.    But an area they know they can control and they know they can manage is their own personal finances. They don't think anybody can do anything with this place up here, and, for the most part, I think they are right. But someplace where they do have direct control and access is their own personal finances, their own debt reduction, their own savings for retirement.    And that leads me to the fiduciary rule that you and I spoke of last year, and you mentioned it briefly today, about the economic analysis. And I know the terms you used earlier today were the same as last year, in that you cannot speak directly on the rule because the rule is being evaluated.    But as to the economic analysis, has there been one completed, a cost-benefit analysis? And if so, what did it indicate?    Mr. Graves. So the $17 billion, I believe that is the far end of the scale. It is a very wide range--it is an extremely wide range of numbers.    Is that an analysis that you are basing your economic analysis off of? Or is yours an independent analysis taking into consideration potentially other analyses that may disagree with the $17 billion or the $8 billion number?    Mr. Graves. Speaking of the one you did reference, so I assume you have knowledge of it, that $17 billion of savings, how is it achieved? How does a consumer achieve a savings?    Mr. Graves. How, though? The mechanism of their--you say it's a cost. So if they don't incur that cost, I am going to suggest it is a savings. How are they saving $17 billion, specifically?    Mr. Graves. Is the assumption that there would be the same number of investors post-fiduciary-rule versus pre-fiduciary-rule in that analysis?    Mr. Graves. I understand.    Well, my concern--and I will close, Mr. Chairman--is that, while this rule may have some intention, we don't know whether it is good, or not, intention. It has some intention.    The question truly should be how does this impact the overall consumer, who in my district is working hard every day just to try to slog through this economy that the President, in previous spending and irresponsibility, has created for them to struggle through, with their families.    But they want to get ahead. They want a fair shot. They want to be able to save. They want to be able to invest. My concern is that this rule is a barrier to them, that instead of being able to save a little money and meet with somebody in their town that they know, that they go to church with, that they shop with, that they see locally that offers them advice, now they are going to be pushed more towards an interface that is impersonal, and maybe it is a computer interface, Internet interface, whatever it might be, but something that is less accessible, which creates a deterrent, which creates less savings and less preparation for retirement.    So I would be very interested in the analysis and whether or not it makes the assumption that you will have the same, if not more, investors in the future after the rule, or will you have less investors. Because it is going to be one of those options there.    So thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Graves. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And I want to share my respect for the ranking member, Mr. Serrano, and greatly appreciate your reflections a minute ago.    To Mr. Donovan, who has the unfortunate opportunity to be the first hearing after a district work period, what you have sensed today is in no disrespect for you or what you have presented to us. It is more of a reflection of what our jobs are, and that is to be the voices of our constituencies.    Coming back from a district work period, that is what we hear, and that is what you have heard expressed today. I understand that we are the voice of our constituencies, and obviously, today, you are the voice of the administration. So it is two very different roles there for each of us. So thank you for your patience as we have expressed our frustration after we have sensed the pulse of our districts.    But just on a different matter, I know you are a member of the National Ocean Council, if I could just ask you a question or two as it relates to that.    Can you just help us as a committee understand, in terms of funds and personnel, how is that requested or how much is requested in the President's budget, fiscal year 2017, as well as maybe historically, how many resources have been allocated through dollars and personnel since its formation?    Mr. Graves. OK. If you could that would be great. Maybe also include any of the annual reports that should be publicly available over the last couple of years for the committee.    Mr. Graves. And with that, Mr. Chairman, that is all I have.    Mr. Graves. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Chair White, good to see you again. I know many of the members of this subcommittee have raised concerns related to the DOL and SEC fiduciary rulemaking, so I want to talk about that just a minute.    It was brought up with Director Donovan a few weeks ago, as we all met. And there was an area that we feel like has just been ignored a little bit too much, and its implications of the rule, we feel like impact hardworking constituents that we all represent, including hardworking Georgians that I do. Chairman Johnson in the Senate produced a report on the problems with the Department's rule, and he published it on February 24th, and Mr. Chairman, I would like that submitted for the record, for the committee.    And that is a 40 page report, so I do not expect everybody to go through it right now, but there is one area I wanted to focus on, and I am going to quote the report. It says, ``Despite public assurances that that the Labor Department has collaborated with the SEC, emails between a Labor Department employee and an SEC expert revealed discord between the agencies about the rulemaking.'' And the report goes on, with a senior SEC official stating concerns about reduced pricing options, rising cost, and limited access to retirement advice, particularly for retail investors--in other words, our constituency.    Mr. Graves. Twenty-six some odd items of concern were raised by your career staff relating to the substantive content of the rule, with Labor failing to resolve all of these issues. And I think, as we all know, many of your staff, being career staff, are considered experts in what they do, and we hope that the appointees know the issues as well. But the folks that have dedicated their careers are those that we hope we can trust to take ``just the facts'' positions.    So, Chair White, does it concern you as much as it concerns me, and I know others on this panel that Labor seemingly ignored the concerns of your own career professional staff that they have raised, and have not addressed them? Of your staff, or of this committee, who have raised the very similar and same concerns also?    Mr. Graves. OK. Well, thank you, and we appreciate what your staff has provided and expert advice that they provide. And I think it is in all of our interests to make sure that all of our constituents have the most options available to them to invest wisely and affordably, and not options removed. And our concern is that this rule will remove many of those options, and if not remove them, make them more expensive, or put barriers in place in which people will not seek those options. And we believe it is just wiser to be investing in their future and in their retirement, and we want to make sure all those options are available, and can be made with individuals in their communities that they trust that might just be in downtown Main Street. So, thank you, Chair.    Mr. Graves. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Secretary, good to see you. Thank you for appearing before us. We are always grateful for your thoughtful and thought-provoking responses each and every time.    I have about six questions. Most of them are very redundant and I suspect your responses may be redundant as well, but that is OK. I think it is important for the record.    Following up on Mr. Yoder's thoughts as well and our role as providing some accountability and assisting the Financial Services Committee as well in some of their responsibilities, could you just answer for us, why are you withholding subpoenaed internal Treasury records pertaining to the administration's debt ceiling contingency plans?    Mr. Graves. Thank you. And then the same, why are you withholding subpoenaed records pertaining to the Financial Services Committee's ``Too Big to Jail'' investigation?    Mr. Graves. OK.    Mr. Graves. OK. Thank you. And very similar, why are you withholding the records the committee has requested pertaining to the processes the FSOC uses to designate and de-designate nonbank financial institutions as systematically important financial institutions?    Mr. Graves. Thank you. And then one other. On what legal basis--and this is maybe just sort of bringing it to an end--what legal basis are you withholding these records from the Financial Services Committee?    Mr. Graves. Understand. And then one other related. On what legal basis of withholding the subpoenaed records relating to the $5 billion in unlawful payments to insurance companies that has been requested by the Ways and Means Committee?    Mr. Graves. On what legal basis have you been withholding subpoenaed request of records relating to the $5 billion in unlawful payments to insurance companies as requested by the Ways and Means Committee 1 year ago?    Mr. Graves. Understand. And I just had a duty to ask those questions.    Mr. Graves. And I know you have a response there and a duty to respond as you have. And I guess for this committee's sake, just trying to help us understand, what are the consequences of noncompliance or nonresponse to a subpoenaed request by standing committees of the House of Representatives?    Mr. Graves. But is there a consequence to the agency, to you as Secretary or to the agency if you just choose never to respond? And this is a fair question.    Mr. Graves. Understand. And so just let me point out to the committee here that many of these subpoenaed requests of records have been 1 year, 2 year, if not almost 3 years in the waiting from the Secretary and his associates, and the discussions, I guess, have been ongoing for that long as well.    But one of the remedies to this as a committee, I would hope, is that we take this into consideration, that duly elected and appointed committees of the House of Representatives have rightfully asked for records and have been denied those, because discussions are ongoing. But as we consider the request by the Secretary, I hope we take that into consideration.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.