    Mr. Maurer. Good morning, Chairman Meadows, Ranking Member Cummings, Ranking Member Connolly, and other members and staff. I'm pleased to be here today to discuss GAO's findings on Federal efforts to curtail illicit drug use and enhance coordination among Federal, State, and local agencies.    Combating drug use and dealing with its effects is an expensive proposition. The administration requested more than $27 billion to undertake these activities in 2016. Ensuring this money is well spent, that we're making progress, and that the various agencies are well coordinated is vitally important.    Over the years, GAO has helped Congress and the American public assess how well Federal programs are working. In many instances, it's, frankly, hard to tell, because agencies often don't have good enough performance measures. ONDCP, to its credit, has focused a great deal of time, attention, and resources on developing and using performance measures.    Five years ago, the National Drug Control Strategy established a series of goals with specific outcomes ONDCP hoped to achieve by 2015. In 2013, we reported that a related set of measures were generally consistent with effective performance management and useful for decisionmaking. That's important to remember, especially when the conversation turns to what those measures tell us.    Overall, there has been a lack of progress. According to a report ONDCP issued 2 weeks ago, none of the seven goals have been achieved, and in some key areas the trend lines are moving in the opposite direction. For example, the percentage of eighth graders who have ever used illicit drugs has increased rather than decreased. The number of drug-related deaths and emergency room visits has increased 19 percent rather than decreasing 15 percent as planned. Substantially more Americans now die every year of drug overdoses than in traffic crashes.    Now, it's also important to recognize progress in some key areas. For example, there have been substantial reductions in the use of alcohol and tobacco by eighth graders, and the 30-day prevalence of drug use by teenagers has also dropped.    There has also been recent progress in Federal drug prevention and treatment programs. Two years ago, we found the coordination across 76 Federal programs at 15 Federal agencies was all too often lacking. For example, 40 percent of the programs reported no coordination with other Federal agencies. We recommended that ONDCP take action to reduce the risk of duplication and improve coordination.    Since our report, ONDCP has done just that. It has conducted an inventory of the various programs and updated its budget process and monitoring efforts to enhance coordination.    Another GAO report highlighted the risks of duplication and overlap among various field-based multi-agency entities. To enhance coordination, ONDCP funds and supports multi-agency investigative support centers in HIDTAs. These centers were one of five information-sharing entities we reviewed, including joint terrorism task forces and urban area fusion centers.    We found that while these entities have distinct missions, roles, and responsibilities, their activities can overlap. For example, 34 of the 37 field-based entities we reviewed conducted overlapping analytical or investigative support activities. We also found that ONDCP and other agencies did not hold field-based entities accountable for coordination or assess opportunities to improve coordination.    Since our report, ONDCP and the Department of Homeland Security have taken actions to address our recommendations. However, they have not yet sufficiently enhanced coordination mechanisms or assessed where practices that enhance coordination, such as serving on one another's governance boards or collocating with other entities, can be applied to reduce overlap.    In conclusion, as Congress considers options for reauthorizing ONDCP, it's worth reflecting on the deeply ingrained nature of illicit drug use in this country. It's an extremely complex problem that involves millions of people, billions of dollars, and thousands of communities. There are very real costs in lives and livelihoods across the U.S. GAO stands ready to help Congress oversee ONDCP and the other Federal agencies as they work to reduce those costs.    Mr. Chairman, thank you for the opportunity to testify today. I look forward to your questions.    Mr. Maurer. Sure. The seven national goals that were set out in the 2010 strategy were to look at 30-day use by teenagers; eighth grade lifetime drug use, and that was broken down by illicit drugs, alcohol, and tobacco; 30-day use by young adults; the amount of chronic users of different illicit drugs; drug-related deaths; drug-related morbidity; and then rates of drugged driving.    Mr. Maurer. We didn't have access to the root data to allow us to perform that kind of analysis, but it seems to fit with some of the broader trends we've seen in other sources.    Mr. Maurer. Absolutely. Access to better data would give better information to inform congressional decisionmaking. We'd be happy to do that.    Mr. Maurer. Yeah, we've done some work looking at the Federal prison system at GAO, and the Bureau of Prisons has expanded the amount of resources it spent over the last few years, specifically on drug treatment programs for inmates in the Federal system who are eligible for those programs.    One of the big incentives for inmates to take advantage of those programs is they can have a reduction in the amount of their sentence if they successfully complete those programs.    Mr. Maurer. We currently have a report that's going through final processing right now looking at part of that issue. It will be issued at the end of this month. It's looking at the experiences in Washington and the State of Colorado, and more specifically, what the Department of Justice is doing or not doing in those States involving their use of marijuana. That report may address some of your questions.    In terms of preparing for today's hearing, we don't--I don't have any specific information in response to your question, but it's right on point, and I think it's an important issue that needs to be addressed. We need to get that information and help inform the policy debate.    Mr. Maurer. In the Federal system, which is what I'm familiar with, inmates are eligible for residential drug treatment programs, if they are--if they have come into prison with an addiction, and they can get that treatment and they can get reductions in their sentences if they successfully complete the program.    Mr. Maurer. Yes.    Mr. Maurer. Why aren't they required?    Mr. Maurer. I think that's a great question to ask the Bureau of Prisons. In the legislation, the ability to have inmates to have their sentences reduced creates a pretty strong incentive for them, and I know that for a number of years, BOP, Bureau of Prisons didn't have adequate resources to meet the demand for that program. They've since made a lot of progress in addressing that particular issue.    So I can't speak to whether every single inmate who goes into the Federal system actually gets treatment. I do know that many inmates want to get that treatment program, both to address their addiction as well as to get out sooner.    Mr. Maurer. Sure. This was a report we issued back in 2013. At that time, we found overlap. And what we meant by that was that there were disparate programs that could potentially be providing grant funding to the same grant recipient and they wouldn't necessarily know, so the right hand wouldn't necessarily know what the left hand was doing.    The good news on that is we issued our findings, we made recommendations to ONDCP to take a look across this universe of programs. They have done that, they've identified the need for greater coordination, they put mechanisms in place to improve that coordination, they've addressed that recommendation, and we have since closed it as implemented.    Mr. Maurer. Thank you.    Mr. Maurer. I don't know what the standard sentence is. I do know that there are a lot of factors that go into sentencing. Mandatory minimums would weigh large in this particular case, depending on the amount of heroin.    Mr. Maurer. It's a function of prosecutorial discretion and what actions they chose to take, but there are mandatory minimums associated with heroin. I don't know what those are, though.    Mr. Maurer. I don't know how many are in Federal prison. I do know that well over half of the current Federal inmate population is serving a sentence that's predominantly based on drug possession or drug trafficking.    Mr. Maurer. I do not know.    Mr. Maurer. We'd be happy to work with our colleagues in the executive branch----