    Mr. Bavasi. Thank you, Mr. Chair. Chairman Calvert----    Voice. Microphone.    Mr. Bavasi. Chairman Calvert, Ranking Member McCollum, members of the subcommittee, and subcommittee staff, you have our detailed statement, but I would like to just say how pleased I am to have the opportunity to appear before the subcommittee today and discuss the Office of Navajo and Hopi Indian Relocation's Fiscal Year 2017 budget request with you, and answer any questions you may have.    Before discussing our 2017 budget request, I would like to express our gratitude to Chairman Calvert and the subcommittee for increasing our Fiscal Year 2016 appropriation so that we could begin to eliminate the backlog of Navajo households who have been certified as eligible for relocation benefits, but were awaiting appropriated funds so that the promise of a new home could become a reality. I also express the gratitude of some 60 Navajo households and families who will sign contracts this year for a new home, about 44 of whom would otherwise have been required to wait several years more before they could sign the contract for their new home.    As set forth in the President's budget, most of the money we are seeking in Fiscal Year 2017 is to provide housing and housing infrastructure for Navajos who have been certified as eligible for relocation homes. So, again, I would like to thank you for allowing me to come before you today.    Mr. Bavasi. Well, I think by doing that you set a sense of urgency that perhaps is not there today.    Mr. Bavasi. Not necessarily. It means that work of the office is done. However, there may be other areas the Federal government might have to take on.    Mr. Bavasi. We think that it can. Those responsibilities can be handled by others.    Mr. Bavasi. I think it is fair, but I would also like to remind you that this is not new to us, meaning that this whole notion of transition has been in play for a very long time. We thought actually prior to the Noller Herbert case that we would be going out of business a number of years ago.    So we were working a number of years ago now with BIA, with the Navajo Nation, and the chapter, to develop a transition plan. That did not occur, as you know, and so this, again, is not new to us. We have a lot of experience in this, and so we have already started meeting with the stakeholders to reinstitute that transition plan.    Mr. Bavasi. Sure. Absolutely.    Mr. Bavasi. We agree.    Mr. Bavasi. Absolutely. The only other thing that we are, I think what you are referring to, are the new lands----    Mr. Bavasi . And some of the programs on the new lands, like the demonstration ranch and the Range Maintenance and Management Program. These subjects are not foreign to the Navajo Nation, or the chapter, or BIA. And so, we have been in discussions with all of them about how to transition these programs to them, and we will be coming forward with that transition plan.    Mr. Bavasi. Not all of the things I just mentioned have costs associated with them. For instance, the demonstration ranch is self-supporting, and we believe that it has the potential to be a revenue generator for the area. And so, that should not have any costs associated with it when it transfers. And we are not certain where that would transfer to, whether it be the Navajo Nation, the chapter, or they have developed a separate corporation out there made up of what they call the 14 Rs, the 14 range units. And so, that is a possibility.    The maintenance program and the Well Maintenance, Fencing Maintenance Program and the Range Management Program will have a cost associated with it, which I can give you the exact numbers. Not today, but I can certainly get to you what it costs on an annual basis. And the question is whether or not the chapter and/or, BIA, or the Nation, whoever ends up doing those things, wants to continue it at the same level that we do. But I can certainly get you those numbers.    Mr. Bavasi. I am not sure I could agree with you more on all of those things. That would be part of the transition plan that we will be getting to you hopefully on more than a quarterly basis.    Mr. Bavasi. We have at the moment 92 families that need relocation benefits. There are at this moment about 185, 190 appeals. And in the past, the success rate ratio for an appeal has been about 10 percent. So we are thinking another 20 families perhaps, so we are talking a little over hundred families that will need benefits. And so, we should be done. We will have 60 this year. We will have 60 contracts signed this year, and should be able to finish the rest by 9/30/18.    Mr. Bavasi. Well, that is a difficult question.    Mr. Bavasi. Yeah, meaning that I do not know how difficult it is going to be for you, but our program is not a perpetual housing program. Our program was intended to be over much more quickly than it is, and I think we all know the variety of reasons why it has not been completed. But one is that this is not a forced relocation program, so people frequently take their time to get through it, number one. Number two, probably more importantly, when this was first discussed in Congress, it was planned to be about 1,000 families. This turned out to be over 3,800 families that have been certified, so that is one reason it has taken longer than it needs to.    But we have the mechanism in place to build the houses and build them quickly as long as we have the appropriations, and thank you for that. And so, we should be able to have this done without any problem at all in the time frame we said.    Mr. Bavasi. Any complaint we get, regardless of what it is or how old the home is, we will go out and inspect without question. If it is a latent defect, meaning a defect we did not spot when we were building the home, we will fix it immediately. If it is under warranty we will fix it immediately.    Generally that is not the case. Generally for an older home, it is what we refer to as homeowner maintenance issues. And, you know, folks are expected to maintain their homes like anyone else would. And so, all the houses that we have built in my tenure there have met all international codes. So there has not been, at least in the evidence that I am aware of, of faulty construction.    Mr. Bavasi. Well, when they come to us, that is what I was saying. I was not trying to be flip. I am not sure what problem you may have because when they come to us, you come to us with a problem, we immediately inspect it.    Mr. Bavasi. If we are responsible, we will fix it immediately. If not, well then, we will tell you exactly what has caused the problem, what you need to fix the problem, and that is the end of our responsibility.    Mr. Bavasi. Our plan is to have all of the homes built by the time we are out of business, to have everyone have gone through the appeals process by the time we are finished. However, you are correct, there will be a 6-month--excuse me--6-year time that they can appeal to the Federal courts that determination. And as we have discussed in the past, that is going to be some kind of responsibility, and we have not quite figured that one out yet, but it is going to be Justice Department and the Department of the Interior. I am not sure how that is going to work. And we have also talked about the possibility of having some kind of a trust fund set up to accommodate if there were to be----    Mr. Bavasi. Well, that is East Mill, and I do not believe that it is a helium deposit issue, but I am not an expert on that. But it is an expansive soil issue. And what we have done there is we have gone into any house that shows any problems, we have gone in and fixed the home or replaced it. We have replaced four homes, and as they come along, if there were to be another home that needs to be replaced, we would certainly do that.    Mr. Bavasi. No. No, we are not.    Mr. Bavasi. It is international residential codes (IRCs), and we do all of the inspection, and we bring in outside contractors if we need to. In the case of East Mill, we had some helical piers put in, and so we had outside contractors do that.    Mr. Bavasi. Sure.    Mr. Bavasi. Thank you. I appreciate that.    Mr. Bavasi. We do.    Mr. Bavasi. None that I am aware of.    Mr. Bavasi. Well, I suppose we will if we need to. We are hoping that is not the case. Of all of the folks who are certified eligible at the moment, as I mentioned earlier, there are only 11 that have not been forthcoming and worked cooperatively with us. And they have all been notified that they needed to respond to us more quickly or we would administratively close the case.