    Mr. Ron. First of all, I would like to thank the chairman and the members of the Committee for inviting me to testify again before you. I have chosen to speak today not on passenger screening, as the other witnesses have referred to this in details, but rather go into what Mr. Cummings mentioned earlier, and that is the failure to deal with what I would describe as the airport facility security, which is an extremely important part of our airport and aviation security system.    What I wish the Committee to understand is that the importance of perimeter security has to be measured against the threat of somebody being able to access an aircraft parked on the ground without knowledge, without detection. And in the case of a stowaway, as we have witnessed in the past, they tried to get--to take hide in the wheel well, but instead of that, certainly instead of 120 pounds of bone and flesh of a person, they leave behind a 2-pound device that will not be noticed.    The measures that are being implemented today are simply unable to do that. So if I would put that into a nutshell, I would say that while we invest billions of dollars every year in screening passengers and at the same time we leave the perimeter, I don't want to say unattended, but I would say unattended to a satisfactory level. What we actually do is invest all our resources on the front door and leaving the back door open. But at the end of the day it is the same aircraft that we are trying to protect by the screening that would be harmed by a relatively easy access of individuals through the perimeter.    So perimeter is certainly something that we have noticed in the past. It was discussed in this Committee, and I haven't seen a lot of development during the last few years despite the fact that it made a lot of headlines.    The other subject that made it out of headlines lately, is the issue of the threat of the insider, or in other terms when employees become part of an operation, to carry out illegal activity that could be also translated into terrorist threat immediately. We saw the case in Atlanta. Although here in this case I have to say that TSA had responded to it rather quickly by increasing the background checks and the frequency of those checks. But as we just heard from the other witnesses, there is still an open question about the quality of the background check itself, whether that really provides us with the security that we need.    And the third point that I'd like to refer to is the issue of how well do we protect the public and the employees at the airport against ground attacks as we witnessed a couple of years ago at LAX when an active shooter started shooting at the checkpoint and the security forces in the airport responded in a way that certainly can lead us to conclusions. There is a lot of room for improvement in this area.    The common denominator of all these three points that I made is that none of them are related to passengers, and yet they are falling back, even in comparison with the quality of screening passengers, and that means that the reason for that, in my view, is that in 2001, when TSA was established, it was established both as an implementer of security, as well as a regulator.    And I don't know any other example in government structures where an entity is actually regulating itself. There has to be a certain level of independence to the regulator, independence and authority, for the regulator to first of all, issue regulations that sometimes may not be comfortable for the implementer, but still have to be performed. And certainly when you look for the performance that doesn't meet the regulatory requirements but you are in charge of implementation, that's a conflict of interest, and I strongly recommend that the Committee will have a look at it and will consider a solution to that.    And the last point that I'd like to make is that, when we look at police forces in airports around the country, we see the more or less standard law enforcement organizations as we meet in the city center. But we have to understand that at the airport, the police function, the police priority should be security and prevention rather than law enforcement and reaction. Because when a terrorist attack takes place, it's all over. There's very little that you can do except deal with the damages. If we talk about explosive devices, and even when we talk about active shooters, they are willing to perform better. And that certainly calls for a different type of airport policing.    Airport police should be a dedicated, specialized force where the people are selected on the basis of their ability to perform those roles. They have to be trained and certified, and their certification has to be maintained. Exercises should be carried out on a regular basis, and at the end of the day, we have to make sure that the capability to prevent, or in cases where we need to respond, would be quick and effective. And this is not where we are today. Thank you very much.    Mr. Ron. Yes, you are correct.    Mr. Ron. Sir, would you repeat the question?    Mr. Ron. Because at the end of the day, everything that we do at the checkpoint can be boiled down to the need to prevent a passenger from bringing an explosive device or a weapon that will allow an attack against the aircraft, the flying aircraft. The same target can be achieved simply by breaching the perimeter. The problem with breaching the perimeter is that--we have reports about 230-something cases that the Associated Press reported lately, but those are the cases that we know about.    Keep in mind that most airports around the country do not have a detection system on their perimeter, and therefore one could enter and leave the airport without leaving any traces. There's no systematic way to prevent that. And if at the end of the day that leads to the same result that we are trying to prevent at the checkpoint, I would consider it as being critical.    Mr. Ron. I think that the fact that there's a division between Federal responsibility and local responsibility. It leads to the failure to upgrade standards on perimeter security. While when it comes to a direct responsibility and implementation responsibility of TSA, we see all the resources available, and the screening operation takes the major, almost all of TSA's operational budget. When it comes to perimeter security, it is expected that the airport will take care of that. The airport doesn't have neither the manpower to do that. The number of police officers is too short for that.    The ability to invest in a detection technology around the perimeter, which doesn't come cheap, is also very limited. If in the past, and I have referred to prior to 9/11 when FAA was the regulator, only the regulator, and it also controlled the AIP program which provides grants to airports for improvements, security was part of it. Now the security is not very much a priority for FAA because it has pushed toward a DHS court. The idea of funding those, the necessary steps, is falling between the chairs.    Mr. Ron. Yes, I do. I think that basically we do not pay enough attention to the passenger himself. The fact that we have started implementing steps in that direction, like PreCheck, should be welcome, although we need to carefully look carefully at what is being done as was suggested here earlier. But I think it is a step in the right direction. I also think that behavior detection is a part after it, but obviously I have a dispute on that with some of the other witnesses here.    Mr. Ron. Thank you. I think that one thing that I find missing at the base is the lack of comprehensive approach to the challenges of aviation security. We are defining the relatively narrow angles and we take care of those angles, but sometimes we miss the wider picture.    I think again that perimeter security is a perfect example for that, because while we're trying to prevent exactly the same event on one side of the operation we invest a lot and on the other side of the operation we allow the situation to remain as poor as it is for many years, despite all the red lamps that they blink at us.    Mr. Ron. Yes, I think that risk assessment is an ongoing process. It has to be part of our operation continuously. It needs to be present all the time. It has to be done at every level. So when we talk about passengers, for example, there's room for individual risk assessment per passenger in order to identify the of level of risk of that passenger. I think that the criminal background check is not enough. For that----    Mr. Ron. Yes, my answer is reasonable for that as well, yes.    Mr. Ron. Well, obviously it is a matter of proportions. Atlanta is one of the largest airports in the country and I assume that the number of badges that they issue is larger than most airports around the country, and I do not know what is the percentage, but I would say that every airport the worldwide that I know suffers from that problem.    Mr. Ron. It is, it is.    Mr. Ron. Most of the crimes that could generate benefits for employees that are willing to act criminally are involved with illegal materials like drugs and weapons that fly through the airport. It is never a single individual person that is involved. Usually there is somebody who delivers the substance. There is somebody who actually takes care of it and puts it on the aircraft.    And if I take for example a case, of a few years ago, concerning a flight from Miami to San Juan, Puerto Rico. Once again, there was a matter of weapon smuggling through the aircraft. It was a duffle bag, if I'm not mistaken, 14 different weapons, including an AR-15----    Mr. Ron. That's several years ago, yes. But this indicated--this case, that was brought by one employee into the restricted area. There was another employee that actually took the flight and received the bag in order to fly with the bag to San Juan according to media reports. So this is I think a very good example as to how these things work. You can assume that similar involvement of more than one person is the case more frequently than otherwise.    Mr. Ron. Well, Tel Aviv system is based very much on our ability to recognize the level of threat of individual employees, based on a much deeper background check to start with. And they are implementing----    Mr. Ron. Well, there is a lot of--yes, background checks is one very important rule.    Mr. Ron. Beyond that I would say--and that has to do with the smaller size of Ben Gurion Airport in comparison to airports like Atlanta. But we were able to actually keep our finger on the pulse in terms of what happens with the employees at the airport. If somebody was behaving in a way that indicated that he may be involved in illegal activity, then we were immediately investigating it. There was a dedicated--there is a dedicated unit that is actually looking exactly only after that. They are making sure not only concerning security but also concerning regular criminal activity----    Mr. Ron. I'm sorry, I didn't understand the question.    Mr. Ron. Yes. I mean, obviously, there is--at the end of the day there is limited access to every badge holder, but when you speak about employees, this is different because by the way badges are also issued to non employees. But in the case of employees, we are able through the human resources and through our intelligence activity at the airport and through our ability to survey a city, those parts of the airport that are vulnerable to criminal activity in a way that makes it very effective.    Mr. Ron. I want to repeat a point that I mentioned earlier that I think is relevant to your question, and that is once again the need to approach the subject or the challenge comprehensively. Right now, in my view, this is one of the weakest points in the strategy, because of a lack of comprehensiveness, we do leave corners unattended. And as we discussed here earlier, we talked about perimeter threats and there might be some others. And a much more comprehensive approach would allow us to evaluate and to run a more balanced system, which by the way will never be perfect.    Mr. Ron. Yes, I think that this is one of the problems that we have and this is why it falls between the chairs because why TSA does not consider it part of its responsibility. I think as a regulator it has to make sure that somebody else does it, and at the moment this is not really happening. The airports are not willing and in many cases are unable to provide what it takes to protect their security with an intrusion detection systems and the manpower that requires to respond to alarms.    Mr. Ron. Well, if I take for example Tel Aviv airport, Tel Aviv airport there is no division of responsibility. The responsibility structure is very, very clear and there's only one security organization that takes care of all aspects of security, whether it is passengers or the facility, and that makes it much easier to calculate the priorities.    Mr. Ron. Yes.    Mr. Ron. Relatively speaking, yes.