    Mr. Abraham. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for being here and thanks for your patience.    This oversight hearing of the Subcommittee on Disability Assistance and Memorial Affairs will now come to order. I first want to take a moment to welcome the subcommittee members, those who are new to Congress, new to the committee, and also those who are returning to this committee.    It is a true honor to sit as your chairman of this subcommittee and I am also pleased to welcome my colleague, sitting ranking member, Ms. Dina Titus.    By way of short introduction, I am a licensed physician, A military veteran, pilot, farmer, former veterinarian, a husband, and proud father, and proud grandfather now. So I am so pleased to be here and be a representative of the Louisiana Fifth district.    I know that the Veterans' Affairs Committee has been vigilant in its oversight of the Department of Veterans Affairs and has been recognized for its ability to proceed in a largely bipartisan and reasonable manner to benefit our military veterans and certainly their families.    In recent years, terribly grey matters have been productively addressed, and I look forward to continuing that tradition with Ms. Titus and members of the subcommittee on issues that are critically important to our Nation and certainly to our veterans.    To that end, we are here today at the first DAMA subcommittee oversight hearing committee of the 114th Congress to examine the appeals process for veterans' disability claims within the Department. We will focus upon appeals, remands, the rate of remands and the lengthy delays that plague the system.    I am aware that the Department chose to prioritize certain initial claims in recent years, but I must say that when veterans in my District shared that they wait 6, 8 and even 10 years and more to resolve a meritorious appeal of service-connected disability claim, I find that more than just alarming, and certainly unacceptable.    I imagine that both members of the dais and witnesses at the table will agree with that assessment. These claims for service connected disability benefits need to be adjudicated and explained correctly the first time. And when the appellate review is needed, that process must be thorough, swift and very fair.    This issue cannot be minimized or ignored as the VBA has consistently reportedly increased figures on the number of appealed claims, which currently sits near 290,000. The Board of Veterans' Appeals reports an inventory of approximately 60,000 appeals and project explosive increases in coming years.    That means that over 350,000 appeals are currently stockpiled. Some have bounced back and forth in the process for again, well over a decade. And each stage of the appellate system constitute delays, and multiple years, it is not weeks or months, it is years.    So despite the existing statutory requirements, we now know that it the appeal claims are often placed on the back of the burner in favor of VA deciding initial claims as the VA reports that the notices of disagreement period can offer sometimes over 400 days.    The average length of time in the next step of the appeals process between the filing of the substantial appeal and the issuance of a board decision is 960 days.    By the VA's reported figures, nearly half of the BVA decisions result in remand, which often extend the veterans delay by additional years. Unfortunately, the delay alone is not the sole problem facing the veterans in the appellate system.    I understand just 2 months ago, the Court of Appeals for veterans' claims held the Secretary of Veterans Affairs in civil contempt, citing the Department's gross negligence in ignoring any veterans who repeatedly raised concern on an appeal that had been remanded to the Department. The court noted that the veterans were frustrated because the VA seemingly acts with little urgency on remanded claims.    As to this particular case, the court noted that the VA's inactions, ``Conjured a vision of a drowning man, watched by a lifeguard, in a nearby boat, equipped with life preservers and rescue ropes, who decides to do nothing, even though the drowning man is blowing a whistle and firing flares to call attention to his plight.'' That is pretty strong language, but ladies and gentlemen, we have real problems within the system.    I anticipate that our panelists this morning will provide helpful information on their respective roles as well as challenges to the existing process. From the Veterans Administration, including also the Appeals Management Center, and Board of Veterans' Appeals, veterans service organizations and attorney advocates, I thank you all for coming today and I would like to briefly welcome our witnesses.    On the first panel we have Ms. Beth McCoy, Deputy Under Secretary of Field Operations. Thank you for being here on behalf of the Veterans Benefits Administration who is accompanied by Mr. Ronald Burke, Director of the Appeals Management Center and the National Capital Region's Benefits Office. Also on the panel is Ms. Laura Eskenazi, the executive in charge and vice chairman of the Board of Veterans' Appeals.    And after we conclude with panel one, we will see seat a second panel consisting of Mr. Gerald Manar, Deputy Director of National Veterans Service, Veterans of Foreign Affairs; Mr. Zachary Hearn, Deputy Director for Claims, Veterans Affairs and Rehabilitation Division within The American Legion; Ms. Diane Boyd Rauber, Associate General Counsel for Appeals with Paralyzed Veterans of America. Mr. Paul Varela, Assistant National Legislative Director of Disabled American Veterans; and Mr. James Vale, Director of the Veterans Benefit Program of Vietnam Veterans of America.    Then panel 3 will include Mr. Barton Stitchman, Joint Executive Director of the National Veterans Legal Services Program; Mr. Kenneth Carpenter, founding member of the National Organization of Veterans Advocates.    With those introductions compleat, I also thank the member who is not on this committee but who has expressed an interest in today's hearing's topic, I would like to ask unanimous consent that Representative O'Rourke be allowed to participate in today's hearing.    Hearing no objection, so ordered.    Thank you all for being with us again today, and I now yield to our ranking member for her opening statement.    Mr. Abraham. Thank you very much.    Are there any other members who would like to make an opening statement?    I would like to welcome our first panel seated at the witness table, good afternoon. We are going to first hear from Ms. McCoy and then we will hear from Ms. Eskenazi.    Mr. Abraham. Thank you.    Ms. Eskenazi, you are now recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Abraham. Thank you, Ms. Eskenazi.    I will begin the questioning and then we will recognize the ranking member and other members of our panel, several come to mind.    I have got a figure here, and you can tell me how accurate it is, I am told it is accurate. It goes from 2012 to 2014, it is from the Department of Veterans Affairs, it says ``59 percent of all Board decisions contain at least one claim that required additional development.'' Would you agree or disagree with that premise?    Mr. Abraham. You stated in your remarks that this is a different process, it is non-linear. And the general broad question is why is it different from any other appeals process? And why is it non-linear?    Mr. Abraham. I understand that.    Mr. Abraham. It would seem that if this has been in place for decades as you say, it agreeably has not worked at any level that certainly we can move to change the non-linear process to something more applicable to modern technology, to do a much better job.    Mr. Abraham. 1988.    Mr. Abraham. Another question here, what percentage of cases in the Board's inventory are those which have been returned from either the AMC or regional office following a BVA remand order?    Mr. Abraham. How many come back from the AMC?    Mr. Abraham. Okay.    What subset of these cases have already been subject to two or more BVA remand orders?    Mr. Abraham. You mentioned the VDA, a newer process, that is coming online. Where do we stand there?    Mr. Abraham. The VBMS.    Mr. Abraham. How effective is that VBMS for the VBA?    Mr. Abraham. Okay.    Ms. Titus.    Mr. Abraham. Thank you, Ms. Titus.    Mr. Lamborn, I recognize you for questioning.    Mr. Abraham. Thank you very much. Mr. Ruiz.    Mr. Abraham. Mr. Costello.    Mr. Abraham. Ms. Brownley.    Mr. Abraham. Mr. Bost.    Mr. Abraham. Okay.    Mr. O'Rourke.    Mr. Abraham. Thank you.    I am going to open a second round of questioning. What needs to happen right now for the Board's computer system to better connect with the VBMS?    Mr. Abraham. So you need a new software update?    Mr. Abraham. Who is running point on that? I mean, who is taking that by the horns, so to speak, and actually doing something today? Is anybody addressing that as we speak?    Mr. Abraham. Is VBA supporting the Board in this endeavor?    Mr. Abraham. Okay. Why does VBA not have functionality now? Ms. McCoy. Either one.    Mr. Abraham. Okay. Laura, do you have anything to add?    Mr. Abraham. Just one quick follow-up. I am certainly all for better efficiency. I actually read the appeals process four times last night trying to get the mechanics of it, and I was given this cartoon, and I use that very loosely because there is nothing funny about this process.    I see no time constraints. If a veteran, he or she brings a claim into a regional office, I see no time restraints that decision is made. I see no time restraints on the veteran's part of any time restraints. The only time constraints I see is when the veteran has to do a Form 9 or he has a certain amount of time to do a Letter of Disagreement, but there is no time constraints placed on the VA itself as far as getting the work done in an efficient manner. What are your thoughts on that?    Mr. Abraham. What about giving the veterans, holding them on a time constraint also? Has that been discussed among you guys?    Mr. Abraham. Years evidently.    Mr. Abraham. Too long. Okay, thank you.    Ms. Titus.    Mr. Abraham. Mr. Zeldin.    Mr. Abraham. Thank you.    Mr. Bost.    Mr. Abraham. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for being here. We appreciate your presence. You are now excused, and we will pause just for a minute while we seat the second committee. Thank you.    On this second committee, we are going to get as much of it done as we can before we have to recess for voting, so we are going to move along very efficiently.    Welcome, everyone. Mr. Manar, you are recognized to present the testimony of Veterans of Foreign Wars for five minutes.    Mr. Abraham. Thank you. Mr. Hearn, you have five minutes.    Mr. Abraham. Thank you, Mr. Hearn. Ms. Rauber.    Mr. Abraham. Thank you, Ms. Rauber. We are going to take a recess and go vote. We will be right back. Mr. Varela, you can continue for 5 minutes, please.    Mr. Abraham. Thank you, Mr. Varela.    Mr. Vale from the Vietnam Veterans of America. 5 minutes, please.    Mr. Abraham. Thank you, Mr. Vale. I will agree with that statement that you made about the appeals taking longer than the war.    I will begin the questioning and this will be addressed to each of you. What I am hearing from the previous panel and certainly this panel, whether it is the AMC spot, the BVA, at each step of the process, there seems to be a log jam. Certain of you see it in one spot, certain in others, where the primary problem is, but evidently every step of the ladder is a major stepping in hindrance.    So my question is to each of you--I will start with the organizations: Give me, we will say two of your solutions that you would implement now to help get this ball rolling very quickly.    Mr. Abraham. And we want a brief description from every one of them, just a minute.    Mr. Abraham. Ms. Rauber.    Mr. Abraham. Mr. Hearn.    Mr. Abraham. Thank you.    Mr. Manar.    Mr. Abraham. Thank you.    Mr. Vale.    Mr. Abraham. All right. Thank you, all. You guys are down in the trenches and you understand or know where the problems lie, so that is why I asked the question. Thank you very much.    Ms. Titus.    Mr. Abraham. I am going to go back to a second round of questions, just you and I, it looks like.    This goes back to each member of the panel here. Tell me whether or not, explain to the committee whether you believe that a veteran who receives an initial decision by the VA is provided with adequate information to fully understand the decision made by the VA. And therefore may knowledgeably decide whether or not to file an appeal. And I think some of you actually answered this but I want to hit it one more time. Just briefly. Time is short. But give me a good answer, a fair, an honest answer.    Mr. Abraham. Mr. Hearn.    Mr. Abraham. Ms. Rauber.    Mr. Abraham. Mr. Varela.    Mr. Abraham. Mr. Vale.    Mr. Abraham. Okay. Thank you.    Ms. Titus, do you have anything else?    Mr. Abraham. Well, we certainly thank you for helping our veterans. Continue to do so, please. You are excused.    We will pause just for a minute while we seat this third panel.    Welcome, gentlemen. So we have Mr. Barton Stichman of the National Veterans Legal Service Program; and Mr. Kenneth Carpenter of the National Organization of Veterans' Advocates.    Mr. Stichman, you are first recognized for 5 minutes, sir.    Mr. Abraham. Thank you, Mr. Stichman. Mr. Carpenter, you have 5 minutes there.    Mr. Abraham. Thank you, Mr. Carpenter.    Mr. Abraham. Thank you. Hearing no objection, so ordered. Thank you so much for being here and for your very insightful questioning.    Mr. Abraham. We appreciate you very much.    Mr. Stichman, in your written testimony, you noted that in the most recent version of the annual report of the chairman of the BVA, the average days pending between the fine of a notice of disagreement, which begins the appeals process, I understand, and an initial decision of the BVA was 3 years and 5 months. However, you state that the time it takes for a final decision to be made on a claim is often much, much longer. Explain the difference there, please, sir.    Mr. Abraham. Thank you.    Mr. Carpenter, this question will be for you, and thank you for your testimony. You have argued that the appeals system is struggling due to the high volume of cases remanded by the Board to the AMC and RO, which, as we just said, has been consistently around 40 percent for decades now. As you note, the Board is essentially required to remand the appeal if the case is not fully and sympathetically developed as required by Congress intent and enacted in the judicial review in 1988.    I do find it troubling that the VA in 40 percent of the cases does not meet Congress' intent regarding the treatment of veterans and their benefits. Could you discuss this a little further, as far as the arguments concerned?    Mr. Abraham. So does that go back to the initial VA claim at the regional office?    Mr. Abraham. Thank you, gentlemen. That is going to be the end of questioning. You are excused. We certainly appreciate your presence here.    So the testimony today heard, it raises many additional questions, and I look forward to addressing these in future meetings, certainly addressing it with the Department itself. My colleagues on the committee, we will get together and talk it out very frankly, and the stakeholders who took the time to present their concern today and to those who assist the veterans on the veterans day-to-day, a very heartfelt thanks from me and, I assure you, the rest of the committee members.    So, again, thanks everybody for being here. As initially noted, the complete written statement of today's witnesses will be entered into the hearing record. I ask unanimous consent that all members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material. Hearing no objection, so ordered. We are adjourned.