    Mr. Williamson. Good morning, Chairman Benishek and Members of the Subcommittee. I am pleased to be here today to discuss our preliminary findings on VHA's efforts to improve the timeliness of its payments to non-VA providers when veterans access care in the community.    The number of processed claims from community providers has almost doubled since 2012 and this sharp increase has overwhelmed the staff at some VHA claims processing centers in terms of their ability to process claims in a timely way.    In fiscal year 2015, VHA paid less than 70 percent of its claims from community providers within 30 days. In contrast, TRICARE and Medicare paid about 99 percent of their claims within 30 days.    To make matters worse, VHA data overstates their timeliness because paper claims which represent about 60 percent of the claims they get are not always promptly scanned into VHA's claims processing system. Until this is done, the 30-day clock VHA uses to measure processing time doesn't start to tick.    At one VHA claims processing center we visited, for example, we observed about a dozen bins of paper claims and medical documentation awaiting scanning, some of which were received a month before our visit.    Community providers who participated in our study were frustrated with VHA for requiring providers to submit claims and medical documentation multiple times, paying medical claims late, and being unresponsive to repeated attempts by providers to contact VHA and resolve payment issues.    If these timeliness and poor customer service issues persist, VHA will risk losing the cooperation and participation of community providers as it attempts to transition to a future care delivery system that would heavily rely on them to deliver care to veterans.    To its credit, VHA has recently taken steps to improve claims processing timeliness such as hiring more claims processing staff to replace those lost through attrition and establishing productivity standards for them. However, VHA acknowledges that its current claims processing system is not sustainable and longer-term solutions are needed including revamping archaic information technology systems.    At the behest of the Congress, VHA is in the process of consolidating its various purchased care programs into a single program called the new Veterans Choice Program. To do so, VA has developed a broad consolidation plan which it presented to the Congress late last year to develop a robust network of community providers and streamline clinical and administrative processes.    According to VA, implementing this plan will allow it to put into a place a much improved claims processing system. As well-intentioned as VA might be, bringing this community care consolidation plan to fruition will require a herculean effort on many fronts.    The sweeping changes VA is planning will likely be costly, and will require major organizational and structural changes and modernization of its IT systems. Achieving the objectives laid out in the plan will require strong leadership, careful and thoughtful planning, effective project management, and transparency and involvement with multiple stakeholders including the Congress.    The absence of these elements can have severe consequences. Our prior work has shown that some of VA's past attempts to achieve goals of similar magnitude have been derailed by poor planning, project management weaknesses, and insufficient oversight.    VA's past failures to modernize its systems for outpatient appointment scheduling, financial management, and inventory and asset management are stark reminders of what can happen if mega projects of this scale are mismanaged. These projects were canceled after investments of hundreds of millions of dollars leaving VA with little to show for its efforts.    To date, we have not seen a detailed blueprint and specific strategies for how VHA plans to successfully implement the major components of its consolidation plan, especially as it relates to the claims processing system.    Such a blueprint should include an analysis of available options, estimates costs, staff resources and new systems needed, specific timelines and a critical path for achieving its objectives and key milestones, performance measures to gauge success and hold managers accountable, and a process to ensure transparency among major stakeholders.    That concludes my opening remarks.    Mr. Williamson. Well, I have been working with GAO a long time, and I have become somewhat skeptical in that time. And I have heard a lot of well-intentioned stories from agencies. I really doubt whether it can be done in ten and a half months. I think the IT challenges alone, are daunting. On past IT modernization projects, VA's track record hasn't been real good.    But I really appreciate VA's enthusiasm and their progressive attitude toward solving this problem. I really think that is good, but realistically, it is going to be a tough pull.