    Ms. Seymour. My remarks were included with the Director. Thank you for having me here today, Chairman Chaffetz and Ranking Member Cummings, and I will be happy to answer questions.    Ms. Seymour. Thank you for the question, sir. The type of information involved in the personal records breach includes typical information about job assignments, some performance ratings, not evaluations, but performance ratings, as well as training records for our personnel. The information involved in the background investigations incident involves SF 86 data, as well as clearance adjudication information.    Ms. Seymour. Yes, sir. Social Security number, date of birth, place of birth; typical PII that would be in those types of files.    Ms. Seymour. Yes, sir, that is.    Ms. Seymour. No, sir, I don't. The issue is that these are longitudinal records, so they span an employee's career. So I do not know what the oldest record is.    Ms. Seymour. Yes, sir, these records do span an employee's career.    Ms. Seymour. I believe that that would be a discussion that would be better had in our classified session this afternoon, sir.    Ms. Seymour. Thank you, Mr. Cummings, for the question. A lot of our systems are aged, and implementing some of these tools take time, and some of them we cannot even implement in our current environment. That is why, under Director Archuleta's leadership, we have launched a new program where we are building a new environment, a new architecture, a modern architecture that allows us to implement additional security features.    In our legacy environment, we have installed numerous technologies, and that is how we discovered this breach in the first place. So we are shoring up what we have today, and then we are building for the future so that we can become more secure and provide these types of protections to our data and our systems.    Ms. Seymour. Yes, sir.    Mr. Seymour. OPM has procured the tools, both for encryption of its databases, and we are in the process of applying those tools within our environment. But there are some of our legacy systems that may not be capable of accepting those types of encryption in the environment that they exist in today, and that is why it is important for us to focus very aggressively, very proactively on building out that new architecture so that, in the future, we will be able to implement those tools for all of our databases.    Ms. Seymour. We began our program after the March 2014 incident. We worked very closely with our interagency partners to devise a very aggressive and very comprehensive plan. We have been implementing that plan since then. We are delivering what we call our shell, which is the new architecture, we are delivering that this fall and we will begin looking at our business systems applications and how we can migrate those into the new architecture.    Ms. Seymour. No, sir. We have done a number of things.    Ms. Seymour. That is exactly what I am offering, sir.    Ms. Seymour. We have implemented two-factor authentication for remote access to our network. That means that without a PIV card or some other type of device that our users cannot log into our network remotely. We have implemented additional firewalls in our network. We have tightened the settings of those firewalls. We have reduced the number of privileged users in our account and we have even further restricted the access privileges that those users have.    We have made a number of other steps to increase the security of our existing network. We began that work back last March and it has continued, and we continue to work with DHS and our agency partners to test those systems and make sure that they are working appropriately.    Ms. Seymour. Thank you for your question, sir. I too am a Federal employee and very concerned about this matter; it is grave and serious, so I appreciate that.    We began notifying personnel on June 8th, and will continue to make those notifications through June 19th. That is for the personnel records security incident that we have.    We have not yet been able to do the analysis of the data that is involved with the background investigations incident. That is ongoing, and as soon as we can narrow the data that is involved in that incident, we will make appropriate notifications for that one as well.    Ms. Seymour. I believe that is a discussion that would best be held until this afternoon, sir.    Ms. Seymour. Sir, this is an ongoing investigation, and as we uncover new information we are happy to share it with you.    Ms. Seymour. We are not necessarily restricted to the executive branch because there are people who work in the executive branch today who worked in the legislative branch----    Ms. Seymour. No, sir. This is an ongoing investigation and we are learning new facts every day.    Ms. Seymour. Approximately 4 million is the number that we are making notifications of today. We continue to investigate, especially in the background investigations incident, so that we can understand that data and begin to make notifications there as well.    Ms. Seymour. Yes, sir, it began in 2014.    Ms. Seymour. They do a number of our background investigations, sir. I am not sure of the numbers.    Ms. Seymour. Yes, sir.    Ms. Seymour. I believe that is a discussion that we should have in a classified setting, sir.    Ms. Seymour. Again, that is a discussion we should have later, sir.    Ms. Seymour. I agree with everything that my colleagues have put forth, but I will add that site inspections are also important, and those are some of the things that we do at OPM with our contractors, as well as continuous monitoring. Looking at a system every third year is not ample. That is not a best practice and we need to move more towards looking at different security controls at different intervals of time.    The other option that we do use is our IG also does inspections of our contractor companies.    Ms. Seymour. These are systems, sir, that have been around for going close to 25, 30 years.    Ms. Seymour. COBOL systems. One of the things I would like to offer is that Director Archuleta and I actually were brought here to solve some of these problems.    Ms. Seymour. In December of 2013.    Ms. Seymour. We have not waited, sir.    Ms. Seymour. These are two decades in the making. We are not going to solve them all in two years. And if we continue----    Ms. Seymour. Our investigation is ongoing, sir.    Ms. Seymour. My answer to that is yes, sir. There are two incidents that we have come here to talk with you today.    Ms. Seymour. Because you were talking about SF 86s, sir.    Ms. Seymour. Yes, sir, I was aware of these reports.    Ms. Seymour. Two reasons, sir. One is an authorization to operate is merely the documentation of the security controls of a system and their effectiveness. That does not mean simply because you don't have an authorization that those tools don't exist.    The other effort is, as the IG was doing its audit, we were taking all of those vulnerabilities into play. We had already developed a security plan that we were in the process of implementing, and the IG admits in their report that we were in the process of implementing many of those controls.    Ms. Seymour. The controls that we put in place allowed us to stop the remote access to our network, and they also allowed us to detect this activity that had occurred prior to the IG report.    Ms. Seymour. There are vulnerabilities in every system. What we do is a risk management process, sir, where we look at the vulnerabilities as well as the business that we must conduct.    Ms. Seymour. Sir, I have extended the authorizations that we had on these systems. Because we put a number of security controls in place in the environment, we have increased the effectiveness of the security around those systems.    Ms. Seymour. There are consequences.    Ms. Seymour. Those consequences are if you aren't doing the assessments, documenting them, while that is evidence that those assessments have been done, the assessments themselves are more important; the scanning of the network, the tools that are in place.    Ms. Seymour. The consequences that we have are we report to OMB on a quarterly basis about the status of our security and our network.