    Ms. Lujan Grisham. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thanks to the witnesses.    So I know that Mr. Counihan is very familiar with New Mexico and our woes. And to be fair, given what I've heard in your answers today and in reading your prepared testimony--and I agree with my colleague Mr. Cartwright, that there were plenty of significant difficult issues pre-ACA. And the reality is, is that a private insurance, private healthcare market has significant challenges for a sick population in this country that's not very homogeneous and we are effectively, as a result, have been very poor healthcare consumers.    I believe in the fundamental consumer protections unequivocally in the ACA, but between my colleagues asking questions, I find myself in a very interesting position where I may disagree with you about the ACA and its impact and about whether or not we've really been proactive in dealing with the issues that we were clear or we wouldn't have had a risk corridor, we wouldn't have worked on a CO-OP model. We knew there were going to be some very interesting competitive issues. We were also a bit nervous about premiums and premium stability, which is why were alerted to the fact, but I think in many States, particularly mine, very surprised by the out-of-pocket costs and the very high deductibles which, quite frankly, has just pushed people into emergency rooms. And we just cost shift somewhere else.    And as you're well aware, New Mexico has never had competition in the marketplace. And now, in my district, this minute, I only have one. Now, Secretary Burwell, and I know that you're aware, have known that these issues--so to the credit of my colleagues behind me, you have seen them coming. I've alerted the White House. I've alerted HHS. I've alerted CMS on multiple occasions. Our superintendent of insurance is, you know, feeling really confident that he can manage this. I would say I don't share his confidence. We've got another 10,000 enrollees, 80 percent of whom need those and get those subsidies. They are going to find themselves maybe in a precarious position.    The rates that are published that are not yet agreed to is an 80 percent increase by Blue Cross Blue Shield. That was with Presbyterian in. If they're out, I don't know what that means, and given that nationally they've been another one like United that's given us great pause about what they can and should and are willing to do.    So given that, that New Mexico doesn't fit any of the things that you've described as successes, what are we going to do? And that CO-OP is in the most precarious position. What strategies have you specifically thought about, given that rural and frontier States and poor States, higher risks to begin with--it's not like we didn't know that.    Ms. Lujan Grisham. I've seen nothing that's been targeted or strategic for those States, and I've seen very little, quite frankly, from the administration about dealing with these issues, except telling me that the marketplace is incredibly competitive and people have great choices and it's all going to work itself out. So I want to know, and I haven't given you very much time, but what specifically have you done in the 7 years given these serious issues? I know that you weren't there for the whole 7----    Ms. Lujan Grisham. --but you are at the top now.    Ms. Lujan Grisham. --about New Mexico, and what are you going to do to help us make sure that consumers really are, in fact, protected as is the vision in the ACA? Because I'm not seeing it.    Ms. Lujan Grisham. Or the lack thereof, you mean.    Ms. Lujan Grisham. Did he actually tell you that Presbyterian was going to pull out yesterday?    Ms. Lujan Grisham. I would say that your relationship with our superintendent needs to be reevaluated.    Ms. Lujan Grisham. In fact, the rural counties, Mr. Counihan, have higher competition, given the regional plans that are on the marketplace. It's the urban area that is the most at risk currently today with both the CO-OP and now Presbyterian, all the large insurance carriers are pulling off the marketplace in the largest city and the most urban area in the State. It's contrary to what you just said, in fact.    Ms. Lujan Grisham. Right. But that hasn't translated. And I'm out of time. But the reality is, I'm going to ask you to give me in writing--and hope that the chairman will continue to let me have a few more seconds. I need those specific strategies, given that we have asked for them from this administration on multiple occasions. I believe you have an obligation to hold us accountable, to work on strategies that are going to protect those consumers, because so far, that has not translated and I think we can get it right. We have significant challenges. That is not occurring currently, and I don't think that the administration has really been thoughtful about that.    In addition, which is not really in your wheelhouse, but I'd like you to take back to the administration that I think that they should be--look very seriously at the 6 percent Medicaid cuts that are going to drive even more providers out of New Mexico. So you have a very precarious situation there that I'm not sure is getting the attention that it really deserves and needs.    Thank you. I yield back.