    Mr. Hammock. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, Congressman Pocan, members of the subcommittee. Good morning. I am Brad Hammock. I manage the Workplace Safety and Health Practice Group at the law firm of Jackson Lewis.    Before joining Jackson Lewis, I spent 10 years at the Department of Labor working on various matters on behalf of OSHA. I worked specifically on OSHA's regulatory program, including serving as counsel for safety standards for the last few years of my tenure there. I am very familiar with OSHA's regulatory program having been and worked there and lived there.    Since leaving the Department, I have had the privilege of working with countless employers in a variety of industries in a compliance assistance capacity, as well as helping them navigate OSHA enforcement actions.    I am pleased to offer my perspective on regulatory burdens on employers from my experience of working for OSHA as well as representing employers across the country.    Many employers I work with are feeling the full weight of OSHA and fear several new regulatory initiatives set to become final rules in 2016. In addition, now more than ever employers are facing compliance challenges resulting from the ambiguous OSHA guidance in such areas as ergonomics, workplace violence, and process safety management.    The combination of new regulatory requirements and aggressive enforcement places significant pressure on employers. That is why it is critical that agencies be mindful of the cumulative impact of regulations on employers and be judicious with promulgating new rules.    From a regulatory perspective, OSHA is extremely active. One of the regulatory actions that my clients raise with me with great concern is OSHA's proposed electronic recordkeeping rule. As proposed, this rule would amend the agency's recordkeeping regulations to add new electronic reporting obligations.    OSHA would require employers with over 250 employees per establishment to submit their OSHA 300 Logs to the agency on a quarterly basis, and OSHA would in turn post those OSHA 300 Logs on its website to make the information publicly available.    There are several problems with this rule, starting with the fact that OSHA has not justified any safety and health benefits from the proposal. OSHA seems to believe that benefits will flow once injury and illness information is made public, and customers, employees, and others can make determinations about how safe a particular worksite is. This in turn would lead employers to make improvements in workplace safety.    This is wrong at several levels. OSHA should know that the occurrence of an injury in and of itself is not a complete or fair indication of an employer's safety and health program and its effectiveness. To suggest that individuals, whether it be researchers, workers, other employers, customers, or unions should make conclusions about the safety and health of a workplace based on just the public report of an OSHA 300 Log, a lagging as opposed to a leading indicator, is misguided.    As you can imagine, employers are very concerned with this proposal, that may unfairly tarnish a worksite as unsafe, having a negative impact on the employer of the site, regardless of the true effectiveness of the employer's safety and health program.    Another significant regulatory initiative that will have major impacts on many employers is OSHA's proposed rule regulating crystalline silica. OSHA has been working on a respirable crystalline silica rule for decades.    To be clear, crystalline silica at certain exposure levels has been shown to cause silicosis, a potentially fatal lung disease. Over the course of the last several decades, however, the incidences of silicosis have been steadily and rapidly declining, according to the Centers for Disease Control.    It is with this backdrop that OSHA's proposal was issued. For many employers, particularly small employers, the rule will be highly burdensome. Take the construction industry, for example. Not only is OSHA proposing to significantly reduce the permissible exposure limit for silica in construction, it is proposing other extensive requirements, including prohibitions in certain instances on work practices such as the use of compressed air, dry sweeping, and dry brushing.    Some stakeholders have estimated that the cost of the rule for construction alone will be approximately $4.9 billion a year.    There are other rules as well in the most recent regulatory agenda, over 30 regulatory initiatives are proposed by OSHA. This comprises almost 45 percent of the regulatory burden of the Department of Labor.    Aside from the new regulatory requirements discussed, in the last several years many employers have been challenged by OSHA enforcement initiatives in areas where the agency has provided little compliance clarity.    I just want to highlight one here today, ergonomics. Over the last few years, OSHA has been active in attempting to utilize the general duty clause to cite employers for failing to take certain actions to protect employees from musculoskeletal disorders.    The problem with this for many employers is that OSHA has provided little guidance on what its expectations are for compliance with respect to ergonomics. Thus, many employers are following OSHA's own ergonomics guidelines for a particular industry, but they still get cited because OSHA wants them to actually do more undefined with respect to ergonomics.    In conclusion, I want to leave one final thought with the Committee. All these burdens placed on employers may actually take resources away from workplace safety and health. While compliance is important to employers, so is the day to day job of working to prevent injuries.    When OSHA proposes a rule or embarks on an enforcement initiative, it must truly analyze how necessary the rule is, the benefits of the rule, and the adverse consequences of it.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Hammock. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. It is hard to say specifically why the estimates are so different except I think on a number of different levels, OSHA has not considered all the different inputs that go into what a business has to do to comply with a rule.    OSHA in good faith, and I know the people do their best, try to quantify how much a regulation is going to cost, but in the end, they have to make certain assumptions. Ultimately, I think they do not quite understand how a business, a small business, large business, actually internalizes it and has to comply with a particular regulation.    As a result, when you look at all the different assumptions that OSHA makes in coming up with an economic analysis, each of those assumptions are on the conservative side, and when they actually get implemented, you do find that the costs are significantly higher when you consult with people like Mr. Beebe who have to ultimately implement a particular regulation.