    Ms. McCabe. Thank you very much, Chairman Whitfield, Ranking Member Rush, and members of the subcommittee. I really appreciate the opportunity to testify before you today on EPA's Carbon Pollution Regulations for New and Existing Power Plants.    My testimony will focus mostly on the regulations for existing plants, also known as the Clean Power Plan. On August 3rd, President Obama and EPA Administrator Gina McCarthy announced the final Clean Power Plan, a historic and important step in reducing carbon pollution from power plants that takes concrete action to address climate change, as well as final standards limiting carbon pollution from new, modified, and reconstructed power plants, and a proposal for a Federal plan and model rules that demonstrate clear options for how States can implement the Clean Power Plan in ways that maximize flexibility for power plants in achieving their carbon pollution obligations.    Shaped by a process of unprecedented outreach and public engagement that is still ongoing, the final Clean Power Plan is fair, flexible, and designed to strengthen the fast-growing trend toward cleaner and lower polluting American energy. It sets strong but achievable standards for power plants and reasonable goals for States to meet in cutting the carbon pollution that is driving climate change tailored to their specific mix of sources. It also shows the world that the United States is committed to leading global efforts to address climate change.    The final Clean Power Plan mirrors the way electricity already moves across the grid in this country. It sets standards that are fair and consistent across the country and that are based on what States and utilities are already doing to reduce CO<INF>2</INF> from power plants. And it gives States and utilities the time and a broad range of options they need to adopt strategies that work for them.    These features of the final rule along with tools like interstate trading and emissions averaging mean that States and power plants can achieve the standards while maintaining an ample and reliable electricity supply and keeping power affordable.    When the Clean Power Plan is fully in place in 2030, carbon pollution from the power sector will be 32 percent 2005 levels, and the transition to cleaner methods of generating electricity will better protect Americans from other harmful air pollution, too, meaning we will avoid thousands of premature deaths and suffer thousands fewer asthma attacks and hospitalizations in 2030 and every year beyond.    States and utilities told us they needed more time than the proposal gave them, and we responded. In the final rule, the compliance period does not start until 2022, the interim reductions are more gradual, States can determine their own glide path and any State can get up to 3 years to submit a plan.    We heard the concerns about reliability. We listened, and we consulted with the planning and reliability authorities, with FERC and the Department of Energy. The final Clean Power Plan reflects this input, and it includes several elements to assure that the plan requirements will not compromise system reliability. In addition, to provide an extra incentive for States to move forward with plan investments we're creating a Clean Energy Incentive Program that will recognize early progress.    Since issuing the final Clean Power Plan, EPA has continued to engage with States, territories, tribes, utilities, industry groups, community organizations, health and environmental groups, and others. To help States and stakeholders understand the Clean Power Plan and to further support States' efforts to create plans that suit their needs, EPA has developed a variety of tools and resources which are largely available on our Web site, and we remain committed to assisting States with development and implementation of their State plans.    We're convinced both by our analyses and our experiences that both the carbon pollution reduction called for under the Clean Power Plan will extend the trajectory of the last 40 years when we cut air pollution in this country by 70 percent while our economy has tripled.    I, again, thank the committee for inviting me to speak on the Agency's work to implement our Nation's environmental laws to protect public health and the environment, and I look forward to your questions.    Ms. McCabe. Congressman, we're working with the Office of the Federal Register. They will make the decision about when to publish it. We expect it to be in the second half of October, and we're working with them to resolve all the little formatting things that is a routine part of getting a rule published in the Federal Register.    Ms. McCabe. That's right.    Ms. McCabe. Correct.    Ms. McCabe. The Office of the Federal Register makes the decision. There's a routine set of steps that we do whenever we finalize a rule. We work on fixing any typos and all that sort of thing. We submit it to the Office of the Federal Register, and we work with them to resolve any issues that they have, but they make the final decision.    Ms. McCabe. There are several thousands of pages in the rules.    Ms. McCabe. I think the 111(d) rule is about 1,500 pages, and the other rules are less than that.    Ms. McCabe. Yes.    Ms. McCabe. Yes, I do.    Ms. McCabe. Yes. We've moved this along very expeditiously given the size of the rule and the number of the rules.    Ms. McCabe. Yes.    Ms. McCabe. No, they actually do have up to 3 years under the----    Ms. McCabe. The rule is clear that States can have up to 3 years to do their plan.    Ms. McCabe. The rule says that by September of 2013, they either submit a plan. Some States indicated to us that they were well on their way and could meet an early deadline.    Ms. McCabe. Or an initial submittal that gives essentially a status report of the work that they're doing, and a request for additional time. And we'd made it clear----    Ms. McCabe. The EPA will make that decision.    Ms. McCabe. We've been very clear of the elements that are required.    Ms. McCabe. If they meet the elements of an initial submittal, we will give them an extension. That's quite clear.    Ms. McCabe. I wouldn't want to speak to the whole world. That one has been operating for a year. As you know, of course, the technology is being used in other facilities.    Ms. McCabe. Well, if I could speak to that, Congressman, I'd like to, because you reference the standard itself. I think you know that the standard that we finalized in 111(b) is less strict than the standard that we proposed. That was based on our review of all the information that we----    Ms. McCabe. That's correct.    Mr. Rush. Madam Assistant Administrator, the last time you were here, you and I spoke about the impact that the Clean Power Plan would have on minorities and low-income communities, and at that time you assured me that the EPA would take into account those disadvantaged communities before the final rule was issued. Has there been any outreach to disadvantaged communities by the EPA before the issuance of this rule? And does the EPA provide any guidance to States for how to make sure that their plans take into account the impact on minorities and low-income communities?    Ms. McCabe. Yes, indeed, Congressman. I know this is a concern that you've asked us about before, so a couple of things I want to say in response.    First of all, we've had extensive outreach with community groups. We know, and you reflected in your opening remarks that the impacts of climate change and air pollution are severely felt by low-income and minority communities across the country. They're among the most vulnerable. They are also communities that we're concerned about in terms of keeping electric rates affordable, and keeping jobs in those communities, so we focused on that a lot.    So, we spent a lot of time listening to community groups and talking with States. We made clear in the final rule that States needed to pay attention to involving, providing opportunities for meaningful involvement for communities all across their States. We asked them to tell us how they were going to do that. We didn't micro manage and tell them exactly how to do it, but we have lots of tools available to help States do that.    We also indicated that we intend in future years after the rule is in place and working to go back and take a look at air pollution levels in those communities and make sure that the public health protections that this rule promises have been delivered in a fair way across our States, and truly protect those vulnerable communities.    Mr. Rush. Other rules were supposed to invest in cleaner and more efficient energy measures such as the CPP proposes, and also provide help to the most vulnerable communities. Are there any incentives in the final rule for disadvantaged communities who might want to participate in a clean green economy? And can you give me an example, say Appalachia, how does Appalachia respond to the Clean Power Plan?    Ms. McCabe. Yes. So, probably the best example of incentives that you asked about, Congressman, is the Clean Energy Incentive Program, which provides additional incentives for States that want to get going early and, in particular, invest in wind and solar, but also in energy efficiency programs in low-income communities. We felt that it was important to provide extra incentives to get those projects going early. And, of course, energy efficiency while not a basis for the rates that we set in the Clean Power Plan, is a very affordable, cost-effective, and positive means that States and utilities can build into their compliance plans.    Your question about coal country, you know, is a very, very serious and valid one. The final design of the Clean Power Plan is so flexible for States, especially in their ability to work regionally, and for the utilities to work regionally. That will provide the States the ability to make sure that they're preserving and protecting the important things for their States. And we predict through this plan that coal will still be a very substantial source of energy in this country well into the future, and it's partly because of the flexible design of the rule.    Ms. McCabe. I really don't know, Congressman.    Ms. McCabe. Well, Congressman, I appreciate you asking this question because it's obviously on everybody's minds. So, the first thing that I want to make absolutely clear is that the Clean Power Plan does not set in place a cap-and-trade program.    Ms. McCabe. Well, because that's what the rule sets. The rule sets----    Ms. McCabe. Texas, by the way, is doing an awesome job in terms of wind power. It's incredible opportunities to do that.    The reason that I'm disagreeing with you respectfully, Congressman, is because the way the rule works is it establishes an emission rate of CO<INF>2</INF> emissions for coal and gas-fired power plants. That is the way section 111 has traditionally worked, and that's the way it's working here. So, that is the primary starting point, is that rate.    We then in the rule provide options and flexibilities largely in response to input and requests that we got from States and the utility industry to provide alternative ways for them to comply.    Ms. McCabe. Yes, it is.    Ms. McCabe. Well, the Clean Air Act directs EPA to address public health and environmental issues that result from air pollution. The Supreme Court has confirmed that. One key authority in the Clean Air Act that has been used many times to address air pollution from industrial facilities is section 111, which directs us to look at the range of approaches that industries are using to control air pollution, in this case CO<INF>2</INF>, and to set emission standards based on what's known as the Best System of Emission Reduction. That's things that the best companies are doing already, and to require that over time that's where everybody end up in terms of their emissions. So, that's where our authority comes from to do this rule.    Ms. McCabe. Power plants are the largest stationary source of CO<INF>2</INF> in the country. They are substantial. We are taking steps to address CO<INF>2</INF> emissions from the mobile source sector and from other sectors, but this is a global problem, of course, and the U.S. cannot solve it alone. But for us to take meaningful steps we need to look at the power sector, as well as mobile sources.    Ms. McCabe. Yes, and there's increasing science every day on these issues. CO<INF>2</INF> emissions are affecting the global climate and are leading to changes in the way our world responds to those levels in the atmosphere in a way that affects public health very directly. Temperatures get hotter, there are droughts, there are wildfires, there are unpredictable and more severe storms. These can lead to a number of public health issues related to respiratory issues when there's more ozone because of hot weather, when the allergen seasons are longer because of changes in vegetation, vectors change their habitats and the length of their seasons. All of these things can lead to significant public health issues, as well as the disruption that can occur in our communities as a result of more severe flooding, or drought, or other severe weather.    Ms. McCabe. Yes, certainly. I mean, I have talked about the outreach that we did during the development of the rule, literally hundreds of meetings across the country. You referred to some of them yourself. We haven't stopped, so as soon as the rule was out we started engaging people. We've had numerous and continuing opportunities, especially with our State co-regulators as they're starting to really think about the choices that they want to make, so we have regular opportunities to meet with them. In fact, I was with a group of State air directors just this week, as were some of my staff, to talk about these issues.    We're continuing to engage with the public through webinars, and visits with them at appropriate venues that they might invite us to. We have robust and ongoing relationships with the utility industry, and with all of the various agencies on the energy side that help make sure that utilities are moving forward in a way that's going to protect reliability, and help them plan ahead. So, all of that is well underway, very robust, and we intend to continue it.    Ms. McCabe. I'm glad you asked that, Congressman, because I've heard that, and there's confusion about it, but there's a pretty straightforward answer to that, which is the difference between a standard for a new plant and a standard under 111(d).    For existing facilities, there are a variety of opportunities that the utilities have through the way they manage their fleets and the mix of fuels that they use, and moving towards cleaner energy, which they are doing to on average bring that carbon intensity down. And they have years to do it, and the averaging time for the standard is very long. It's measured in years or multiple years.    A new plant under the Clean Air Act, whether it's a power plant or some other kind of plant, in this case power plant, needs to meet that emission rate right away as soon as it's built, so if a plant started up in a year or two, they would be expected to meet that rate all the time on a much shorter term averaging time continuously. So, they work very differently in a way that if you think about it that way, makes a lot of sense.    Ms. McCabe. Yes.    Ms. McCabe. No one rule is going to address the problem of climate change, Congressman. This is going to take a global solution. The United States is one of the largest emitters of CO<INF>2</INF> in the world, and we have a responsibility to take the steps that we can take in order to help push in the direction of addressing this significant public health issue.    Ms. McCabe. Sea level is rising as a result of this global threat. This is a step that the United States is taking in order to contribute to addressing this global problem.    Ms. McCabe. Well, under the Clean Air Act, EPA is required to revisit its technology rules on a regular basis. And we're also, as you know, I think looking at rules for the oil and gas industry, working with the industry on sensible ways to reduce emissions.    Ms. McCabe. We certainly looked at everything that all States are doing, and California is one that is out ahead on this. There are several other States that are moving forward on this, and that's our job under the Clean Air Act, is to look at what the industry is doing in its current operations, and where those technologies and approaches are good at reducing carbon emissions to make sure that that's what we build into the standard.    Ms. McCabe. We did. And, in fact, we provided a lot of flexibility and a lot of choice in the final rule to make sure that we could accommodate States like California that already had plans in place, and States that did not yet have plans in place, and also to accommodate the wide range of energy mix across the country from States that are significant coal users to States that are not. So, lots and lots of flexibility is built in.    Ms. McCabe. I think that the United States going forward with this rule has been a significant factor in the international debate. In fact, as soon as we proposed the rule that was the topic of discussion in many international conversations. And I do believe it has been influential in the international commitments that we're seeing from other countries.    Ms. McCabe. I believe so. It's shown real leadership from the United States.    Ms. McCabe. So, we built more time into the rule in terms of the starting date. Through the comment period we heard more about that, about the starting date than about 2030, so we moved the starting date from 2020 to 2022, and also smoothed that glide path down from 2020 to 2022. And based on the information we had, we were pretty comfortable that that met the needs that we were hearing from the utility industry, in particular, about the time that they would need to make the investments that they would need to make.    Ms. McCabe. Yes.    Ms. McCabe. Oh, that's absolutely true. I mean, that was made in the context of reliability concerns, and so adding additional time was one key part of that. We did some other things, too, in the final rule to make sure we were paying attention to that, especially in consultation with FERC. We included a reliability safety valve in case there's an unforeseen situation that folks were very keen to have us include. States also have the flexibility to come in partway through the plan and say something's happened that we didn't expect. We need to adjust our plan. So, lots of things are built in to make sure that the reliability of the system is protected.    Ms. McCabe. Those are the kinds of things that we would look at, sure.    Ms. McCabe. Right.    Ms. McCabe. You know, I----    Ms. McCabe. OK.    Ms. McCabe. So, we look to information that's put out by other agencies who follow these issues.    Ms. McCabe. We know that there are trends in the industry that are moving away from the older coal----    Ms. McCabe. And more gigawatts are coming----    Ms. McCabe. Congressman, we're not eliminating power plants. We're reflecting information that we have about what's----    Ms. McCabe. But not all of that would be----    Ms. McCabe. We'd be happy to follow up with that.    Ms. McCabe. I'll be happy to get back with you on that, Congressman.    Ms. McCabe. Again, Congressman, we'll be happy to provide a thorough explanation of----    Ms. McCabe . All of those numbers for the record.    Ms. McCabe. Congressman, we do our best to use the information available to us, and the modeling tools that are available to us.    Ms. McCabe. I would point to the history of the Clean Air Act, where it has been proven time and time again that compliance comes in----    Ms. McCabe. Yes, thank you. And I appreciate your mentioning the long view, that's what we're about here. So, there are a couple of ways in which I would respond.    The first way is to look at the information that we got in response to our proposal about the costs of cleaner energy, and they are coming down. Solar energy, wind energy, those things are becoming more affordable which is why people are building them, even without our rule they're building them. So, we know that that's good for the system.    We did an analysis. Again, it's illustrative because States will design their own plans, utilities will figure out the best ways to comply, they always do, the cheapest ways to comply because they care about these issues, as well. And what we show is, especially because of the increased use of energy efficiency which lowers demand, lowers bills, that by 2030 we expect to see about a 7 percent drop in energy bills for households on average across the country.    Ms. McCabe. Well, one of the elements of the final Clean Power Plan that I mentioned already is the Clean Energy Incentive Fund. That's intended to be a signal from the Federal Government that we want to help support early adoption of energy efficiency programs, especially in low-income communities. But States and utilities have the ability now to front load those types of activities, and we certainly would encourage them to do that. We have a lot of information and expertise at our agency and there are many other organizations and companies that are working right now to invest in these sorts of energy-saving technologies.    Ms. McCabe. Yes.    Ms. McCabe. Absolutely. We know that that is the case. Cleaner air means healthier workforce, it means healthier children, it means fewer missed school days, fewer missed work days, it means less time at the hospital, less time at the doctor, fewer medical bills, fewer hospitalizations for those sort of things, and that's just the respiratory issues that result from polluted air and the climate change impacts on that.    There are, of course, other expenses and burdens that people bear as a result of climate change, especially when we see the droughts and the severe storms and flooding that are affecting people today.    Ms. McCabe. Absolutely. I think we all can learn from one another, and we certainly can learn from the States that are moving forward with a lot of these programs.    Ms. McCabe. Absolutely, Congressman. I'd be glad to address that. There's a lot in your question there. I'm not sure I'll get to respond to everything, but let me focus on the changes between the proposal and the final rule, especially as it relates to the States that you mentioned.    Ms. McCabe. Yes, very fair question, and we've been having those discussions with State officials and utilities, and others since the final rule came out. In fact, I was meeting with some West Virginia officials just last week, and had this very discussion.    So, as we do rulemaking, we put out a proposal, we lay out our reasoning, our legal support, we lay out the information that we have, and then we put it out, and people comment on it, people give us additional information, people give us their different views. And as I've said, there was just an extraordinary amount of input on this rule.    Ms. McCabe. Congressman, I certainly object to the use of the word ``penalty.'' That's not an appropriate term for this rule.    Ms. McCabe. Can I explain why I used the word ``fair?''    Ms. McCabe. OK. In the proposed rule, we took a very State-centric approach, and that led to a certain proposal which, in fact, set differential rates for the same type of plant across the country, so a coal rate in one State was significantly different than a coal rate in another State. And through----    Ms. McCabe. Actually, whether a State chooses a mass-based approach or a rate-based approach, all new and increasing zero emitting generation whether it's renewable or nuclear can be part of a compliance----    Ms. McCabe. Well, we start in 2012, so anything that's new from that point on. The mix of generation from before 2012 has already led to a particular profile for----    Ms. McCabe. Yes.    Ms. McCabe. Well, Congressman, there's a lot more that goes into the economic viability of nuclear plants than this rule can address, so I really can't speak to----    Ms. McCabe. Right.    Ms. McCabe. It really depends on the State's situation and how they design their plan.    Ms. McCabe. So, in a--this is probably a longer conversation. We'll be happy to follow-up with you, but in a mass-based plan what's counted is the emissions coming out of the smokestacks from the fossil fuel generation. In a rate-based plan, the State is allowed to take account of other types of generation and sort of discount that against the emission rate of the fossil generation. So, either way they can take credit for or count for zero generating facilities, whether nuclear or renewable.    Ms. McCabe. Yes.    Ms. McCabe. Yes, we believe that that can be fully accommodated. And your point about multi-State plans, the final rule is very flexible in terms of States working with one another either formally or informally. 111(d) of the Clean Power Plan does not constrain new growth, and so new power plants can be built in this country to meet new load growth, just as they always can.    In terms of a Clean Power Plan that is using a mass-based approach, we've given the States some guideposts to use to make sure that that plan is not artificially distorting the relationship between new generation and existing generation. We'd be happy to provide more information to you.    Ms. McCabe. Correct.    Ms. McCabe. Yes, that's a really good question. And, again, that came out of the response and the comments that we got. So, as you reflected, in the proposal we looked across the universe and came up with our 6 percent number as we thought was a reasonable national number, not that every single plant would be able to do that. The comments that we got back showed even more range of abilities, and what we did was we looked regionally across the country in the three interconnects, which are the three main sections of the power grid, and we found that when we looked at the data on an interconnect basis, we actually came up with slightly different capabilities, different capacities, because of the age of the fleet, and other characteristics of the regional fleet. So, that's how we got to those different rates. And to us, that made a lot of sense based on that input that we got.    Ms. McCabe. The requirements are very straightforward for what's required in the extension request, so we're not contemplating a formal notice and comment period, but we certainly will be in consultation with the State.    Ms. McCabe. Well, we have a proposed Federal plan out now that will be going through notice and comment, so if we are put in a position, which I hope we will not be, because I think States want to go forward with plans, if we're put in a position of finalizing a plan, we will have already gone through the proposal process, have gotten people's input on that proposed Federal plan.    Ms. McCabe. If a State does not submit a plan, we would go forward and finalize a plan.    Ms. McCabe. If we receive a plan from a State and our evaluation is that it doesn't meet the requirements of the rule, we would propose to disapprove it. We would not----    Ms. McCabe. No, there would be.    Ms. McCabe. There would be.    Ms. McCabe. It would be at least 30 days.    Ms. McCabe. That's generally----    Ms. McCabe. Oh, absolutely.    Ms. McCabe. Well, I need to correct the way you stated that last part. We've never had a baseline, we've never had a baseline of 2005. We've always had our starting point in this rule be 2012. This is a technology-based rule, so we always pick a year to start from to go forward, and 2012 was the year in the proposal, as well as in the final, where we had the most current, and complete and accurate data about the generation fleet, so that's why we started with that year.    Ms. McCabe. Yes, sure we did. 2012 is the year we use nationally. And as I say, that's because we want to have everybody starting from the same place. For each State, once we established a national uniform rate that was reasonable to expect in our view based on our review of the approaches that were available, we then took that emission rate and applied it to each State, which is why each State ends up with its target in the rule. So, a State like Ohio or like my home State of Indiana that has a lot of coal-fired generation, ends up with a significantly higher rate in the final plan than a State with less coal-fired generation.    Ms. McCabe. Well, it treats all the States the same, so many States and utilities across the country have been moving towards cleaner energy. That's what our rule found to be the case, and that can continue. So, we took a snapshot in 2012 and said oK, going forward what's reasonable to achieve beyond where people are in 2012? And it----    Ms. McCabe. 90 plus, I think it still is, Congressman.    Ms. McCabe. I think that with the amount of time in the rule and with the options that are out there for cleaner energy, that we're going to be able to move forward, implement this, and it is not going to have significant impacts on the economy, that it's going to be positive.    Ms. McCabe. Sure. And you're sure right that local government is really on the front lines of facing these issues. So, the Clean Energy Incentive Program was intended to do exactly what you said, which is we know that these projects are going forward. They're teed up, they're moving forward, the costs are coming down, especially because we moved the start date from 2020 to 2022. We didn't want to inadvertently put the brakes on any projects that were going forward anticipating the Clean Power Plan, so this program would allow States if they opt into it, they certainly don't have to, to bring forward some of their compliance plan, which the Federal Government will then match to encourage, to provide that little bit of extra incentive for solar projects, for wind projects, and for energy efficiency in low-income areas to get a head start and really get rolling.    Ms. McCabe. I think what this is reflecting is exactly what we saw when we looked at the record, which is that States and utilities are moving forward to move to cleaner natural gas, to build new nuclear facilities, to invest in renewable and solar. That's the trend that we're seeing all across the country, that's what the rule is built on, that's what we're supposed to do in building the rule. So, without speaking to the exact numbers in the study, yes, that's exactly the idea, that these things are already underway.    Ms. McCabe. I don't know the answer to that.    Ms. McCabe. Congressman, we do our best to respond to the questions that we get from you, and we'll certainly do that in the future.    Ms. McCabe. Without seeing my response, Congressman, I can't----    Ms. McCabe . What else we might have said in response to your question.    Ms. McCabe. I will go back and talk with folks about how we responded to your question.    Ms. McCabe. Well, it's unfortunate if that's your view, because I think that we're all here to serve the public.    Ms. McCabe. I can't speak to a future eventuality like that. We did ask the States----    Ms. McCabe. I cannot speak to a future action of the EPA based on facts that we'll need to look at very carefully.    Ms. McCabe. We will go through a process to make a determination----    Ms. McCabe. If a State submits a plan that we feel does not comply with the law, we have the authority. It's not a question of right, we have the authority and the responsibility under the Clean Air Act.    Ms. McCabe. Well, I know from conversations that I've had and meetings that I've had with people that States are talking about working----    Ms. McCabe. Well, I'd be happy to get you the numbers that we put together, Congressman. No, really. I mean----    Ms. McCabe. I can answer that.    Ms. McCabe. Because we did put that information together.    Ms. McCabe. I just didn't want to fish through a bunch of papers while I was listening to you. What we predicted is that in 2030 when the plan is in place, there would be 140,000 fewer missed school days.    Ms. McCabe. Yes, I'm glad you asked that, Congressman. I think that there are a number of States who can legitimately make a similar claim and utilities where they have invested early. And the way this program works, it actually reflects the good work that States who have been forward-looking have already done because they have less far to go, ultimately, in getting to that 2030, because they're already well along the way. So, the way the Clean Power Plan works, since it takes into account each State's mix, current mix as of 2012, States that are further ahead were further ahead when we took that snapshot and projected into the future. So, there's lots of opportunity, and for those technologies to continue to be invested in, but States, some of them are well along the way. It's similar to what the Congresswoman cited before.    Ms. McCabe. Yes.    Ms. McCabe. Well, I think the fact that the final plan focuses much more than the proposal did on the regional nature of the power market, goes directly to your point, as well.    Ms. McCabe. Because it allows the regions, the utilities and the regions to work together. And, again, States that are further ahead are further ahead, and will benefit from that investment that they've made.    Ms. McCabe. Thank you.    Ms. McCabe. This rule does not set up a cap-and-trade program, Congressman.    Ms. McCabe. No, it's not, it's not a simple question to answer.    Ms. McCabe. We have not finalized a Federal plan. We have a proposal out there, so I cannot speak to what the----    Ms. McCabe. We have proposed trading programs, a rate-based one, and a mass-based one, and I would commend you to the comment record, Congressman, where we got overwhelmingly inputs from States and utilities saying----    Ms. McCabe . The trading programs were effective and efficient, and they were using them, and it works.    Ms. McCabe. Yes, that's a good question, Congressman. The Memorandum between the three agencies is really a continuation of the relationship that we've developed, our three agencies, to make sure that we're focused collectively on what's going on in the power industry as they're responding not just to EPA rules, but to the various trends in the industry, and moving forward, how it's going so that we're all on the same page, and in good communication.    The variety of things that we built into the Clean Power Plan that were directly responsive to the reliability issues that we heard were more time, more flexibility in the glide path, making sure that the States in developing their plans specifically address reliability which may involve, up to them, but may involve consulting with their reliability entities or with their PUCs, making sure that those conversations are happening.    The reliability safety valve that you mentioned is also something that we put in that was very important, the ability for States to adjust their plans. So, it's the whole package really that collectively addresses the reliability concerns.    Ms. McCabe. We actually think it's very unlikely that an operator would be put in that position because of the flexibility in the plan, and how States can set up their plans. But in the event that an operator was put in that position, that's the purpose of the reliability safety valve, to give them the ability to go forward without being worried about being in violation of the Clean Air Act.    Ms. McCabe. We actually--that comment period will start when the Federal Register publishes the rule, which we expect to be later this month, so we haven't gotten any formal comments yet.    Ms. McCabe. If we get those requests, Congressman, we'll take a look at them and decide. We wanted to start out with quite a lengthy comment period to make sure that people had time to put their thoughts together.    Ms. McCabe. Yes. So, any under construction or upgraded nuclear power since 2012 can be included by a State as part of its compliance plan, just like any--it's treated just the same as any other zero emitting generation, which was a lot of the feedback that we got from folks.    Ms. McCabe. It allows States, if they choose, to sort of front load by providing some extra incentive to those projects. And in order to make that an incentive, the Federal Government will match the investment that the State would put in in terms of compliance allowances or credits, however they choose to do it.    Ms. McCabe. So, we proposed an approach for people to have accountability systems. It's very important, as you recognize, that everybody be following a good set of rules, and there's a lot of information out there because of the renewable energy markets that already exist. So, we'll work with all of that information and get a set of guidelines out there for people that everybody's comfortable with.    Ms. McCabe. In September of 2016. Yes, sir.    Ms. McCabe. Well, every State is different, but in many States it's the environmental agency or on behalf--the Governor through the environmental agency that has the responsibility for filing the plan.    Ms. McCabe. Well----    Ms. McCabe. For acid rain, it did. This is not a cap-and-trade rule, Congressman.    Ms. McCabe. Sure they do. Yes, that's clean energy.    Ms. McCabe. We support the move towards cleaner energy. Natural gas is a very important part of our diverse energy mix.    Ms. McCabe. I think what that's reflecting is that natural gas is a fossil fuel. It does have CO<INF>2</INF> emissions, and there's a range of options that this country has to make sure that we're always moving towards a cleaner energy supply. Natural gas and some coal is part of that, but there are also even cleaner types of energy that we want to encourage.    Ms. McCabe. We do not oppose the construction of clean energy in this country.    Ms. McCabe. I don't have that number. We'd be glad to get some information back to you on that.    Ms. McCabe. All of it.    Ms. McCabe. Yes, sir.    Ms. McCabe. I don't have that number off the top of my head.    Ms. McCabe. Sure.    Ms. McCabe. Again, we'd be happy to provide you more information about the specific metrics.    Ms. McCabe. Again, that's something----    Ms. McCabe. Yes.    Ms. McCabe. Respectfully, I disagree with that. There are many people who weighed in on the climate plan that have taken just the opposite view and gave us advice about how to make sure that our rule would not impair reliability.    Ms. McCabe. That's correct.    Ms. McCabe. Yes, we heard from many utilities that this was a preferred way that they're already operating.    Ms. McCabe. Well, trading has been shown through the acid rain program and a number of other programs to be the most flexible way for operators to manage their assets. Many utility companies operate in multiple States. They have a range of assets, they may have coal, they may have renewables, they may have gas, and having a system where they can average, they can trade back and forth, it just makes sense. They're going to have more ability to make the investments where they are the most cost-effective, and not make them in places where they won't. And then they can use the system to average over. And if they can trade with other companies, it just broadens the capacity for the system to find the cheapest and most cost-effective technologies and approaches.    Ms. McCabe. Reliability is--the more flexible and open the system is, the easier it is for companies to feel confident that they have play in the system, and they'll be able to meet the load needs.    Ms. McCabe. Yes. So, as I mentioned, States can certainly design plans that will minimize the chance that an operator will be put in the position of having to choose between complying with a must-run order and violating the Clean Air Act. But if that should occur, what the reliability safety valve does, is it allows that plant to continue running. In fact, our expectation is that if a plant gets a must-run order in an emergency situation, it will run. And it sets up a period of 90 days for the company to take a breath, do what they need to do, and figure out whether there's a problem with the State plan, whether this is a situation that's going to resolve itself, and what it needs to do long term. So, for that safety valve period of time, they can do what they need to do, relax, and figure out the next steps.    Ms. McCabe. Thank you.    Ms. McCabe. Congressman, our job under the Clean Air Act is to implement the Clean Air Act, and we believe that we put forward----    Ms. McCabe. Could I reply?    Ms. McCabe. I wasn't able to get very many words out.    Ms. McCabe. The President and the administration absolutely cares about these issues. That's a key reason why he put forward the Power Plus Plan, which is specifically targeted at the transitions that are happening in coal country, and----    Ms. McCabe. These are the conversations that----    Ms. McCabe. Yes. We've spent a lot of time with co-ops, and they have some particular concerns that they've raised to us. I think the important thing to think about in response to that question is that the way the Clean Power Plan, no individual company needs to do it on its own, no individual State needs to do it on its own. The regional approach, ability to average and trade allows people to make appropriate choices so that the most cost-effective and achievable----    Ms. McCabe. Trading as in trading. Trading as in trading.    Ms. McCabe. Which is a perfectly reasonable approach to use whether you're in a rate-based approach, or whether a State chooses to go with a mass-based approach.    Ms. McCabe. We certainly meet with staff from the White House on major rulemakings that we do.    Ms. McCabe. I've had the pleasure of meeting the President only a couple of times.    Ms. McCabe. No.    Ms. McCabe. The overarching approach of the rule is to set emission rates for power plants that----    Ms. McCabe. The amount of carbon they emit per megawatt hour.    Ms. McCabe. No, it is not.    Ms. McCabe. Well, our analysis doesn't show that even if you look at smaller regions than the whole country or the interconnect that there would be a wide range of increases. But I think everybody's concerned about this, everybody wants to protect against that. And now that the plan is out and people are starting to dig in and think about, there's a lot of discussion going on about how to manage this in a way that would avoid that situation. So, the reliability entities are talking, the States are talking to find those ways to make sure that that doesn't happen.    Ms. McCabe. Absolutely.    Ms. McCabe. Thank you, Congressman.    Ms. McCabe. I think you're reflecting that there is some complexity in this rule. It's partly because of the choices and the flexibility that we provided in response to people's requests on it, but that's reflecting particular situations where States have been asking how do we deal with one another because power does flow across State borders.    Ms. McCabe. It's all about the flexibility, and it's reflection that the power sector works as an integrated system. So, a system that demanded that each individual unit meet a specific rate would be more costly, would be more difficult, would have more reliability implications than a system that affords a lot of flexibility across the system, recognizing the way it actually works.    Ms. McCabe. So, new generation to meet new load is subject to its own set of rules. This particular rule which addresses existing facilities is intended to manage that existing fleet of power plants and bring those emissions down. So, there's some provisions in there to make sure that that's what the rule is focused on, and those plans are actually delivering the reductions from that existing fleet.    Ms. McCabe. Well, we'd be happy to follow-up with you or your staff and walk through it a little bit in more detail, Congressman.    Ms. McCabe. So, in the final rule there was adjustment across the board, across all States, and some of the States' targets went up, and some of them went down. It's a reflection of a couple of things. One is that, as I mentioned earlier today, in the final rule we set a uniform emission rate for all coal plants across the country. That's not the way the proposal was designed. And another key feature was information that we got from commenters, from States, and utilities, and others really suggesting that the appropriate way to look at this was on a regional basis because that's the way the power system worked. So, when you look at it across a regional basis, States have, and utilities in those States have, more opportunities to invest in renewables and cleaner energy than if they were restricted to looking within their State borders, which is an artificial boundary when it comes to the way the industry works.    Ms. McCabe. Thank you.    Ms. McCabe. Well, the Clean Power Plan along with a number of the other programs that we have underway across the Federal Government are critical to the United States meeting that ambitious goal that we've set for ourselves, and it would be extremely difficult to get to those targets without the reductions from the power sector, which as you said is the largest stationary source of emissions in the country. So, it's really important.    And as I mentioned earlier this morning, putting the Clean Power Plan out even in proposal really changed the debate internationally, and showed that the U.S. is really serious about doing this in a way that really counted, and would really result in reduced emissions. So, we think it has been hugely beneficial.    Ms. McCabe. What we see is that the Clean Power Plan will continue and enhance the momentum that you've already reflected, which is moving towards greater reliance on natural gas, and greater reliance on renewables, recognizing that you need a diverse supply, and you need a variety of sources to provide base-load power, and increased use of renewables, which is becoming more and more affordable. So, we see a greater percentage becoming renewables of all sorts, a greater percentage becoming natural gas reliant over the period of time of this Clean Power Plan.    Ms. McCabe. Thank you, Congressman.    Ms. McCabe. So, the rule requires that, by September 6th of 2016, the State either submit a plan or a request for an extension. If the State does not submit something on September 6th, EPA would then look to the steps that it needs to take in order to fulfill our responsibilities under the Clean Air Act. So, that would be the first event that could trigger our consideration.    Ms. McCabe. I really couldn't speak to the timing, Congressman.    Ms. McCabe. Well, I think we will work to----    Ms. McCabe. I think we will look to work with those States and move in a prompt manner, but as to a specific calendar, I don't have one.    Ms. McCabe. Thank you.