    Mr. Yarmuth. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman. Good timing on your part. Welcome to all the witnesses. We look forward to hearing from you. Two weeks ago, we had a discussion on the future of Medicaid and Medicare. There was widespread agreement on the problem that we have to find long-term solutions to providing quality care while reducing unnecessary spending. We had very different views on how to solve that problem, but at least we started from the same place.    Today, we start from very different places. This is not a hearing on improving the way the Federal Government helps most American families obtain quality housing, health care, and education for American families while reducing unnecessary spending. This is about a hearing about whether the Federal Government can have any productive role, or make any sound investment, in these areas.    Some of the suggested solutions are extreme even for this Congress, and I would guess even too extreme for some of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle. We will have this debate today and discuss think tank theories about the economy and free market principles. As an exercise, that is fine, but we already know what works in the real world. We know the investments in housing, health care, and education help American families build better futures while spurring economic growth for our Nation. It is not academic theory. It is the reality of the last 7 years. Just look at the facts.    President Obama inherited the weakest economy since the Great Depression. Hundreds of thousands of jobs were being lost each month, and millions of American families rightly feared for their economic future, but through swift action and smart investment, we have turned that around. We are now in the fourth longest economic expansion in American history, with 15 million new private sector jobs and an unemployment rate that has been cut in half.    Last week, new Census Bureau data proved that we are still on the right path. In 2015, median real household incomes rose by the fastest rate on record with the highest growth for those lower on the income scale. The poverty rate dropped significantly and the percentage of Americans with healthcare coverage is now at its highest rate ever. This is great progress, but there is so much more work to be done. Our economy still largely benefits the wealthy few at the expense of the middle class and those struggling to get by.    I would suggest that we attack these problems by building on the successes of the last 7 years and continue providing better opportunities to American families and workers. Let's invest in infrastructure, education, and R&D to create good, high paying jobs and boost the productive capacity of American workers for years to come. Let's give American families help now by raising the minimum wage, increasing access to affordable childcare, providing paid sick leave, and family and medical leave, and guaranteeing a secure retirement.    Let's make their worries our priorities. That is what the American people want. They do not expect us to agree on everything, but on minimum, they want us to try and find common ground on ways the Federal Government can make their lives better. History proves the Federal Government has an enormous potential to make lives better. I hope going forward we can agree to start from there. Thank you, and I yield back.    Mr. Yarmuth. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. It has been a very interesting conversation. I am not sure that we have figured out a way to restore the trust for families and working age Americans yet in the hearing. But maybe there is some ideas that can work. You know, we debate all the time in this committee essentially what the priorities of government should be. That is basically what this committee is about.    We debate it through a budgetary process and then we debate it in hearings such as this. And, over the last few years there has been a substantial difference in the attitudes of Republicans and Democrats as to what the thrust of our spending should be. And, as we have mentioned many times before--Dr. Spriggs, as you mentioned in your testimony, we Democrats are pushing for investment in infrastructure and investment in education, research and development and so forth. Things that traditionally have provided stimulus for the economy and I think have improved people's lives.    On the other hand, we have proposals from the Republican side, first, I guess, formulated when Paul Ryan was chairman of this committee and he proposed budgets that took a very different path.    And now we have the better way. His plan as Speaker, which among other things would reduce the amount of non-discretionary spending in this country to its lowest level as a percentage of the economy and the budget in modern history. So, Dr. Spriggs, I ask you, I know a lot of the times we get the argument from the other side, that, ``Yeah, we would like to do a lot of these things, but we have a lot of debt and we cannot afford it.'' Would you discuss the downside of not investing in infrastructure and education and research and development?    Mr. Yarmuth. Thank you. I want to talk about the union situation in the country. You work for the AFL-CIO and it seems to me you can pretty much track the growth and income disparity in this country not necessarily by race or gender but just by income, rich and the poor, with a decline in union representation in the country. Could you discuss the impact of unionization and the declining unionization on kind of the general welfare and income levels of the country?    Mr. Yarmuth. I thank you for your answer. A couple of things I wanted to follow up on the statements that have been made by the various witnesses. Dr. Lindsay, you compared twice what we spend in the United States to what is spent on higher education in OECD countries. Could you point to any one of the OECD countries that you would prefer be the system we use versus theirs?    Mr. Yarmuth. I understand that. Because in most of the OECD countries higher education is free, correct?    Mr. Yarmuth. You are welcome. No, I do not think it makes any point one way or the other, but glad that you cleared that up. Because I do not think there is much value in a comparison to OECD countries because they are very different systems.    Mr. Yarmuth. Thank you for that. Dr. Smith, just one question. I will be a little bit snarky here, but, you know, oftentimes we hear about the sanctity of the patient-doctor relationship and from what you are telling me is that the patient-doctor relationship is irrelevant to the patient getting care in your situation. They go online; they have no relationship with you. They decide basically on price to come to your service and they do not have any idea who you are, so I just want to throw that out there. But that is not the question that I want to ask.    Just in terms of solutions to our healthcare challenges--and everybody agrees we have tons of them. And I actually have raised points before in hearings about the fact that you can get a colonoscopy for $600 or $700 in a freestanding clinic and the same thing is $4,000 in a hospital and what sense does that make? It makes no sense.    Particularly, if the government is paying for it. But, is it not true that the vast majority of costs in the system writ large are treating cancer, diabetes, heart disease, Alzheimer's? These are hundreds of billions of dollars a year that the system is trying to deal with. And those are diagnoses that would have no relevance to the type of system you are talking about?    Mr. Yarmuth. Yeah, well, generally speaking they are right. I will yield back, thank you.    Mr. Yarmuth. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I want to thank the witnesses. I agree with many of the comments my colleagues have made about how interesting this hearing has been, and while I joked a little bit about not restoring trust through this hearing, I think I did not really mean that there are not ideas here that I think could, if implemented, or if pursued to some kind of a finality at the Federal level, might not help restore trust. So when Mr. Woodall, for instance, asked who on the left, I assume he would consider me on the left, as Mr. Ryan.    I think the idea for coming up with policies that would incentivize development of smaller apartments that are available to lower income people: I think it is a great idea. All of these things, I think, would work; many of the things that Dr. Lindsay talked about. Yeah, you know, I speak a lot about the fact that Harvard Business School, at least last time I checked, did not have an accounting professor on their faculty because they decided the best accounting professor in the country was at Brigham Young University and they use his work through digital means.    So I think each one of these areas, whether it is housing or education or, well, we have talked a lot about health care in the last 6 years, and the investments that Dr. Spriggs talked about are all things that deserve a lot more conversation, and I think that if we do that and can act in a bipartisan way to make sense of some--,just one final comment.    When I talked about the colonoscopy disparity in price between freestanding clinics and hospitals, this was in a Ways and Means Committee hearing years ago, the answer I got was, ``Well, if you take that income stream away from the hospital, then they are going to have to find ways to charge more for other things.'' Well, I said, ``That is not a reason. That is just evidence of a broken system.''    So I think when we go through all of these areas we can see Federal policies that are not performing in the way they were originally intended. We are not creating the right incentives and I think we ought to spend a lot more time, as a body, working on those things and, if we did, I think we would find opportunities for bipartisan cooperation. And that would be a wonderful thing. So, thank you, Mr. Chairman for the hearing, and I yield back.