    Mr. Feldman. That's a tough act to follow.    Mr. Chairman, Ranking Member Lynch, members of the subcommittee, thank you for the opportunity to testify today.    I'm Steve Feldman. I'm the executive director of the Human-Animal Bond Research Initiative. That's HABRI for short. We're a nonprofit research and education foundation that funds research on the benefits of companion animals to human health, and specifically, we're looking at children with autism, we're looking at victims of domestic violence, and we're looking at how we can use these animal-assisted interventions for veterans with posttraumatic stress.    In addition to funding this research, we also have built and maintained the world's largest research library on human-animal interaction, and that's free and online and available and searchable to anyone who's doing research in this area.    And we also support commonsense public policies that should reflect the definitive body of science that show significant positive health impacts that companion animals have on human health.    The VA says it doesn't have enough evidence to support service animals for veterans with PTS. We respectfully disagree, and that's why we support H.R. 4764. We believe there is significant scientific evidence to support the efficacy of service dogs for veterans with PTS.    We funded the first systematic review of research on animal-assisted intervention for victims of trauma. That was conducted at Purdue University, Dr. Fallon's alma mater, and it was published less than a year ago. And what it found was preliminary evidence that animals provide unique elements to address PTS symptoms.    And I think it's also really important to note, because Mr. Diamond said what's the harm, this systematic review of published and unpublished research found no negative effects from any of these studies. So no harm was found in any of the research that we looked at. So we think this supports the conclusion that service dogs for trauma survivors, including veterans with PTS, can positively effect depression, anxiety, social outcomes, sleep, and quality of life.    And we're currently funding a pilot study on the effect of service dogs on mental health and wellness in military veterans with PTS. Scientists are measuring psychological and psychosocial functioning, including symptoms of PTSD, depression, life and relationship satisfaction, and quality of life in 137 military veterans diagnosed with PTSD who either have a service dog or who are waiting to receive one. And the ones who are waiting to receive one is our control --scientific control group.    And so the preliminary unpublished results indicate that military veterans with service dogs exhibit significantly lower overall PTS symptoms severity, and that includes better ability to cope with flashbacks and anxiety attacks; reduced frequency of nightmares and less overall sleep disturbance; lower anxiety, depression, and anger; higher levels of companionship and social reintegration; increased overall psychological well-being; and higher levels of life satisfaction and resilience. And we have to wait for the final results of this study to be published in a peer-reviewed scientific journal, which we expect to happen later this year, but we wanted to bring you these preliminary outcomes because they're so encouraging and so important to the discussion today.    And I also urge the committee and the VA to look broadly at research studies that really look at several key measures of mental health and well-being like depression, anxiety, stress, and social integration, all of which are associated with PTS. My written testimony covers these in great detail, and you can find even more studies in our database.    And that's why an organization like HABRI can be hopefully really helpful because we're looking at the broad spectrum of research, not just one little narrow slice of it. And that broad spectrum of research is pretty definitive. You know, for example, we're looking at what happens in a person's brain when they interact with an animal. The level of oxytocin, which is a good hormone, goes up. The level of cortisol, which is the stress hormone, goes down. And so when fingers meet fur, there's something really fantastic that's happening, and I think we've heard about some of the specific examples today.    You know, if you combine those scientifically documented therapeutic effects with the trained actions of a service dog, you get a powerful combination. The Americans with Disabilities Act recognizes service dogs for PTSD in their regulations, and States are increasingly updating their definition of service animals. Just last year, the State of Florida passed a law to expand protections of service animal statutes to include traumatic brain injury and PTSD. And the inclusion of these protections allows veterans who have a disability that may not be outwardly visible to have access to public accommodations with their service dogs. Sometimes these symptoms manifest themselves in public, so while pets and emotional support animals can provide some of the benefits we've just been discussing, it's only a trained service dog that has full public access that can provide that animal-assisted intervention wherever and whenever it's really necessary for a veteran with PTSD.    You know, what about the doctors on all this? We did a survey last year which showed--of 1,000 doctors which showed that 69 percent of them have worked with animals and hospitals, medical centers, or medical practice, and 88 percent of doctors a saw improvement in a patient's physical condition and 97 percent saw an improvement in patients' mental health condition as a result of animal-assisted intervention. So doctors are likely to be really supportive if we can get this program going, and really willing participants as we provide service dogs to veterans with PTS.    So I just want to conclude by saying there is a growing body of research that demonstrates widespread positive mental health impacts from the human-animal bond, and we hope that you and the VA will take this broad evidence into consideration when shaping public health policy both in relation to 4764 and beyond.    And I hope the members of the subcommittee and the VA will rely on HABRI as a resource. That's what we're here for, to be a scientific resource for anyone who's interested in this.    With PTS affecting so many of our veterans, we need to make sure that everyone has access to service dogs. And H.R. 4764 really is a great step in the right direction, and that's why we fully support the legislation.    So, Mr. Chairman, Ranking Member Lynch, members of the committee, I really want to thank you. I want to thank your hardworking staff, and especially, Mr. Chairman, thank you for your leadership on this issue. And I'm happy to answer any questions that you may have.    Mr. Feldman. I think pretty much everyone knows that, but I do want to respond to something that Dr. Fallon said.    You know, we're here in Washington and so we've--there's a lot of people who do regulations. You're never going to meet a regulator who says we have enough regulations. You're never going to meet a researcher who says we have enough research. So of course we need to continue to do more research, and that's what we're funding right now. But when you add it all up, we really do think there's enough research to substantiate this program.    Mr. Feldman. No, sir. There is in fact an absence of that evidence.    Mr. Feldman. Well, I guess I'll just speak as a citizen on this one. I just don't think the words veteran and waiting list sort of belong in the same sentence. And while, you know, K9s for Warriors and other organizations like it are doing their best to put as many paws on the ground as they possibly can, the only way we're really going to get this done is if we have the VA providing that kind of support.    Mr. Feldman. Well, you mentioned cost. I can tell you that the pilot study, looking at 137 veterans, which we announced the funding for last year and which will be completed next month and probably published later this year, that whole study cost just upwards of $50,000, and we're getting results, you know, within a 2-year period. And so, yes, we need to do more research, but it doesn't have to take that long or cost that much.    Mr. Feldman. Well, we're continuing to do research and we'll come back and share the published research that we gave you a preview of today. A pilot program, as you've written into this bill, is a really good way to go because you've built in some evaluation, you've built in a report on that program as part of the legislation. So it's a chance to continue studying but also to help a lot of folks, so that's why we support it.