    Mr. Tonko. Thank you, Mr. Chair, and Administrator, welcome.    Mr. Tonko. You always do your job with great forcefulness and intellect, so we thank you for that.    Today's hearing appears to be a revival of hearings we've held before, proposals that strengthen standards to protect public health and to protect our environment, an environment that we're going to then extend to the next generations, and claims that meeting these standards will be too costly, possibly not achievable, and in general a serious drag on our economy. So, you know, here we go again. So I have a few questions for you.    Let me start where you just ended. Proponents of the Pebble Mine accuse EPA, particularly Phil North, of inappropriately colluding with tribal groups. Region 10, I'm informed, according to the EPA website, includes some 271 Native tribes in its jurisdiction. Can you speak to EPA's special responsibility to tribal governments, and if you could, Administrator, compare that with EPA's relationship with the given states and outside interest groups?    Mr. Tonko. Well, we appreciate that, and again, thank you for the leadership that you provide the agency and the country.    Let me switch to CASAC, the Clean Air Science Advisory Committee. I believe it was created in 1977 with the Clean Air Act Amendments. Their first report on ozone came out in the mid-1980s, and there have been a number of subsequent reviews over the past 35 years with much new research since the original report. Has CASAC found that ozone is less of a health risk than 1980s science determined that it was?    Mr. Tonko. And does it contribute less to other environmental problems--damage to plants, to visibility and other effects?    Mr. Tonko. So, if anything, research over the years has confirmed that ozone is a health risk and an environmental problem. Is that correct?    Mr. Tonko. And have past standards been criticized on the basis of their projected costs and/or benefits?    Mr. Tonko. Well, it's interesting because I believe that it's clear that we have been able to achieve cleaner air and grow the economy as we have strengthened the standards. Is that now not indeed the outcome?    Mr. Tonko. And is there any reason to believe we cannot keep that record going?    Mr. Tonko. You know, will the states have flexibility and discretion to determine how they might meet new standards in the most cost-effective manner?    Mr. Tonko. And as I understand it, EPA and others have estimated the benefits achieved by lowering the ozone standard. Can you please elaborate on what those benefits are about?    Mr. Tonko. Thank you. You know, I've exhausted my time, but I do want to thank you for leading the fight for clean air, clean water, response to climate change, a legacy that will imprint itself not only for this given political generation but for generations to follow.    Mr. Tonko. With that, Mr. Chair, I yield back.