    Mr. Oram. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman, members, guests. My name is Johnny Oram. I am the executive director of the Chaldean Assyrian Business Alliance based in Detroit, Michigan. We are an organization that is aimed at fostering professional relationships and also to enhance the betterment of our societies globally, especially at a critical time when the existence of our peoples in our motherland as well as in Syria is being threatened.    Before I go into recommendations for this committee, I would like to talk briefly about our peoples' presence here in the United States. We the Assyrians, Chaldeans, and the Syriacs are the descendants of the original peoples of Abraham. We are the indigenous peoples of Iraq. We are defined by our language, which is Aramaic, the language that the Lord Jesus Christ spoke. Oldest language in the world. We are also defined by our faith. We are a part of the Eastern Rite of the Roman Catholic Church in union with Rome. A good number of our Assyrians are from the Assyrian Church of the East, the Ancient Church of the East, and the Syriac Church, as well as the Presbyterian, and many other denominations.    My people immigrated to the United States in the early 20th century to come to the greatest nation in the history on Earth, a land where they can seek opportunities and be free to profess their faith. They came to communities such as Detroit to seek employment in our automotive plants. They came to the United States not only because of economic opportunities, but they came to the United States because the church and we had communities here that they were attracted to. When you have a church, they will come. And, subsequently, there are schools, which I will elaborate here a little bit later, but that is very important to our communities: The faith and family.    Oftentimes, the Assyrians and the Chaldeans are categorized as Arabs. However, we are not Arabs, but rather, we are in predominantly Arab countries, though many of our people live in Iran and Turkey, which are not Arab countries. Again, we are the indigenous peoples of the land. Nineveh was the capital of Assyria afterall. We have close to 150,000 Chaldeans and Assyrians in the metro Detroit region alone and an additional 200,000 throughout the United States in Chicago, Phoenix, San Diego, San Jose, Turlock, and Modesto. We also have a significant Syriac community in New York and Connecticut.    My people here in the United States have a deep connection and a relationship to our persecuted refugees in Iraq and Syria. And we have welcomed thousands of them who have come to the United States with open arms. We feel for them.    I would like to touch point on the people who want to leave. So I am going to go ahead and kind of emphasize on that here. Seeing as Christians and other minorities are particularly targeted by the Islamic State, it is imperative that they be given special consideration in the search for asylum. This is amplified by the fact that they even face persecution in asylum and shelters in Europe by radicals. Nuri Kino, a world renowned investigative journalist and founder of the grassroots human rights organization A Demand for Action, has been instrumental in uncovering this in Sweden and other places throughout Europe. Our people are being harassed. Our people are being threatened. They are being intimidated. They are being coerced, even in Europe.    The opening of the new processing centers in Erbil and Beirut, where the majority of Christians flee from Iraq and Syria, were positive steps. But the number of people processed must be increased to deal with the overwhelming. As far assimilating into the United States, I think this is a perfect time to have a conversation and to talk about schools like Keys Grace Academy in Madison Heights, Michigan. I alluded to schools. This is a first of its kind in the Nation where they have engaged in Assyrian language immersion and basically preserving our identity and our culture. And the school has also helped kids adjust and integrate into American culture while maintaining their heritage in a meaningful way.    The public education system here in the United States is woefully unprepared to deal with these kids, many of them who have seen severe trauma. But schools, like Keys Grace Academy, which are run by our own Chaldean and Assyrian people, who understand what they have been through, are extremely critical. Furthermore, groups like the Chaldean Community Foundation in Sterling Heights, Michigan--basically it is a suburb of Detroit. This organization has been instrumental in helping Assyrian and Chaldean refugees to assimilate into American society. The foundation processes over 20,000 visitors annually as they help our new arrivals into the metro Detroit region seek employment, health care, assistance, education, moral support, and so on. Our community in metro Detroit is 150,000 strong and growing. As you are all aware, Mr. Chairman, members and guests, my Congressman from Michigan's 11th congressional district, David Trott, offered an amendment to the NDAA, the National Defense Authorization Act, that passed the House on May 17, which is aimed at protecting Christians and other religious minorities throughout the Middle East from the Islamic State-led genocide by establishing a U.N. refugee processing center in Erbil. This requires the United Nations to step up and do its share to protect our vulnerable communities in Iraq, as well as the United Nations.    I also urge the United States Congress to reform the Refugee Act of 1980 by establishing more P-2 and P-3 visas for our refugees and bypassing the U.N.-mandated refugee allotments and quotas. Moreover, this is also going to be important for the refugees in that they can apply directly to admission to the United States of America, rather than be sent off to other lands, such as various designations in Europe and elsewhere, where they have been unwelcome.    Now, I would like to elaborate on the people who want to stay. The reality is that the vast majority of people will not be able or desire to leave. So the particularly important measure will be with those that deal with the situation in Iraq and Syria. In the short term, emergency aid going directly to these organizations on the ground is extremely critical. Aid organizations, like Help Iraq, the Assyrian Aid Society, ACERO, the Syriac Patriarchate, et cetera, have a proven ability to actually get aid to our people. Other organizations, such as my colleague Shachar Zahavi over at IsraAID, Israel's leading humanitarian organization, have been instrumental in providing aid, relief, and medical care for our refugees.    The fact that our people are still being targeted in UNHCR camps by locals, not by U.N. staff, they almost exclusively stop going to these U.N.-run camps and, therefore, critical aid doesn't reach them through traditional channels. Our aid organizations, which I have alluded to earlier, fill in the void as much as possible. But resources are always in dire straits. We have seen some legislative support in the Senate's foreign operations appropriations. But, unfortunately, the legislative support has not translated to enough material support on the ground.    I can't really emphasize how important this is, but we must directly support our indigenous aid organizations on the ground. For example, our own USAID sends funds to the United Nations with the intent of distributing these funds to our communities in Iraq and Syria. The Iraqi and Syrian Christians are not receiving any of these moneys. All this money goes to the UNHCR camps, a place which is unsafe for Christians and Yazidis and other religious minorities. Where is the security apparatus to protect our people in these camps, especially when they are trying to receive critical aid for their very own survival? Supporting local security forces in Iraq and Syria is the best way to ensure a stable environment where people are able to return. After the Islamic State invaded, both the Peshmerga and the Iraqi Army abandoned Christian and Yazidi areas of the Nineveh Plains and Sinjar, leaving the inhabitants defenseless and deeply distrustful of the institutional security apparatus.    Support authorized through the NDAA for the Assyrian, Chaldean, Syriac Christians, and other minorities in Iraq and Syria is crucial in standing up to these forces.    I worked with A Demand For Action on these efforts, and there has been some support realized for Syriac Assyrian forces in Syria, but the forces in Iraq are going to need considerable support. But it is support that they deserve and that they are entitled to and is the only way to gain confidence of the people who have inhabited these lands for thousands of years.    Finally, the creation of a safe haven with international protection which ultimately would be transitional to a province in the Nineveh Plains with the semblance of self-governance and self-security is the only way to regain the trust of the minorities who feel that they were betrayed by the Iraqi Government and the KRG.    These issues affecting our communities in Iraq and Syria are especially addressed in H. Res. 440, a resolution introduced by Congressman David Trott and Congressman Sherman of California, which calls for precise actions that can positively affect the situation on the ground. Marking up that resolution is critical as it would additionally serve as a moral boon to the beleaguered people as it is the first resolution in congressional history to recognize the Simele massacre in 1933, an event where 3,000 Assyrians were massacred under the watch of the Iraqi Government.    I would like to talk on the IDP situation in Turkey. Sixty-seven years ago, right here in Washington, DC, all the signatories to the North Atlantic Treaty Organization, NATO, agreed to the following: The parties to this treaty reaffirm their faith in the purposes and principles of the Charter of the United Nations and their desire to live in peace with all peoples and all governments. They are determined to safeguard the freedom, the common heritage, and the civilization of their peoples, founded on the principles of democracy, individual liberty, and the rule of law. They seek to promote stability and well-being in the North Atlantic area. They are resolved to unite their efforts for collective defense and for the preservation of peace and security.    Mr. Chairman, Members, being a member of NATO requires respecting peoples of all religions and all faiths. Many of our churches in Turkey are being confiscated by President Erdogan and the Council of Ministers in Turkey under this whole guise that they are basically going to reform and revitalize those communities that have been impacted by war, especially in places like Diyarbakir. My very bishop, Francis Kalabat, in Detroit, Michigan, and many Assyrian and Chaldean clergy oftentimes have to travel to Turkey to administer to the faithful there because our faithful basically cannot profess their faith freely.    This is a NATO ally. This is basically a campaign to begin the extermination of Christianity in the Middle East, and that really doesn't bode well for us. This is of extremely vital importance to our national security and to the security of the world. These include Catholics, Protestants, and Orthodox churches that date close to 2,000 years.    Mr. Chairman, I would sincerely request that you and your colleagues move forward existing efforts in Congress to urge the Turkish Government, led by President Erdogan and his Council of Ministers, to immediately return these churches to their rightful owners. This right here is an example of continued persecution and displacement of Christians in the region. Again, Turkey is supposed to be our ally, but they are not being a good actor in the situation. These actions clearly undermine the very agreement that the Turkish Government signed to become a member of NATO in 1952.    We, the United States of America, have a moral and fundamental obligation. We need to step up as leaders of the free world and help the thousands of Christians and other religious minorities escape displacement and death, give them hope when they have lost hope, and to reassure them that they have a place that they can come to if they so choose where they can be a part of a nation and contribute to our economy and our society.    As I have mentioned earlier, we have the resources to absorb them. This is the right thing to do. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman. May God bless you and God bless America.    Mr. Oram. Mr. Anderson, thank you. Yes, that is a common narrative in Erbil for our people. So, as I had mentioned in testimony, Mr. Chairman, organizations like Help Iraq, Assyrian Aid Society, ACERO, and others are basically doing the job of what governments and governmental agencies should be doing. And a lot of our people, a lot of this assistance goes to the U.N. and U.N.-run camps. But a lot of our Christians and other religious minorities are afraid to go to those camps because the--so one recommendation is to, really, in addition to the refugee processing center--we don't know--I know that there has been legislation to call for that and also to form some other--a venue for them to go and receive aid, so there needs to be a security apparatus in place, especially even at the U.N. camps, because most--a bulk of that aid goes to those camps.    Mr. Oram. Right.    Mr. Oram. That is correct. You are absolutely right.    Mr. Oram. And that is why it is so extremely critical in, you know, the Senate's foreign operations appropriations mechanism to increase aid for these international nongovernmental organizations because they are preparing. So what oftentimes has happened is organizations like Help Iraq are vested with a responsibility of engaging in fundraising campaigns throughout the world.    In Detroit, we have raised hundreds of thousands of dollars from our community, and all that money, and clothing, drives for clothing and food and blankets, especially in the wintertime. That is also a critical time.    But our communities in northern Iraq, the Assyrians and the Chaldeans, they are basically prisoners in their own country. The other important issue is, and, Mr. Anderson, the Assyrians, the Chaldeans can't be gainfully employed in Kurdistan. Now, we have a problem with that.    Mr. Oram. You can't seek employment. Kurdistan, so far as I understand, is still a part of Iraq. Our people are basically depending on the diaspora communities for their survival. I have had conversations with folks from the United Nations, and they basically said when it came to the issue pertaining to the security of Nineveh and the communities in Syria and what have you, Qamishli and what have you, they basically said that they don't have the resources or they are not in a position to provide U.N. peacekeeping forces to protect those communities that are being threatened.    So, really, the United Nations really needs to step up to the plate.    Mr. Oram. And be a leader and providing a security apparatus. And, also, when--I would like to jump into the refugee issue. Yes, we have, as far as refugee admission to the United States, the Christians have really been--about we are 1 percent--less than 1 percent of admissions into this country. I am not here to have a debate about religion and about Islam and Christianity, but it seems 99 percent of the refugees that have been admitted into the United States are Muslim.    And when the United States basically was debating as to whether or not to declare this a genocide, their whole concern was, well, the Christians, they have options. They can pay jizya, a fee to basically stay alive. It took 1\1/2\ years for Secretary Kerry to make this declaration, and basically, all experts throughout the world came to the understanding and conclusion that this was actually a genocide, and I do commend the Secretary for finally making that declaration.    So, yeah, we need to really step up to the plate and provide financial assistance to these organizations and so the money can get to the communities.    Mr. Oram. Thank you. Thank you very much, Ms. Bass.    We have, in the metro Detroit region, close to 200,000 Assyrians. We have been in the United States for decades. In addition to Detroit, there is a significant population of about 70,000 Assyrians in Chicago alone. And then we have communities in San Diego, Phoenix, and the Central Valley of California, the Modesto-Turlock area.    Mr. Oram. So, yeah, we have a considerable population of our communities.    I will go to your Europe question on Europe, but as far as the problems here, no. When the the refugees immigrate to the United States, like specifically in Detroit, in particular, we have a community in Detroit that is so strong and well rooted, groundly rooted in the community, people in the community know who the Chaldeans and the Assyrians are. But, you will have your occasional individual or individuals that will basically categorize the Assyrians and the Chaldeans as being Arabs and Muslims and we are terrorists and what have you, but see, a lot of it is also about education. We go around to communities, and we educate policymakers all throughout the country and business leaders about who we are, what our identity is and our faith, and so that is extremely important.    But no. Our communities don't face violence here in the United States.    Mr. Oram. This is the land of the free. This is the greatest country in the history of Earth.    And as far as Europe is concerned, yes, what is happening is a lot of the refugees are being grouped up, and it is not the governments that are really conducting this. It is basically the populace in some of these countries. Europe's borders are very porous.    Mr. Oram. And so what is happening is, you know, we have our refugees that are in Sweden and all throughout Europe as Nuri Kino, the investigative journalist and the founder of a Demand For Action, has spent 30 years documenting the issues of refugees and migration and what have you, and so there are communities in Europe where they face violence because of their faith.    Mr. Oram. Sure.    Mr. Oram. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman. Again, I commend you for your leadership in spending so many years in this respective body fighting for religious freedoms throughout the world.    Mr. Anderson is correct. The Assyrian and the Chaldean communities of Iraq and Syria do face extinction, but another problem that I would like to kind of touch on is the central government in Baghdad. After the war, the Coalition Provisional Authority dialogued with the Iraqis in basically implementing Article 125, the redrafting of the Iraqi Constitution with Article 125 which basically talked about the protection of Iraq's Christian minorities. Article 125 is a moot point right now. The Iraqi Government has failed in upholding its constitutional duties. When the Islamic State came barreling through many towns and villages of the Nineveh plains, the Iraqi Army, 50,000-60,000 and some odd to about 10,000 or 9,000 thugs, basically, surrendered and basically relinquished their weapons, arms, clothing, and uniforms and fled. That is basically negligence on the Iraqi Government's part. We can basically sit here and point fingers about they did this and play the blame game, but let's move forward. I urge that this Congress basically urge the Iraqi Government to step up to the plate and help these communities, everything from financial assistance to each individual that has been impacted because, again, the Iraqi Government has a moral and fundamental responsibility to protect its citizens, and they failed. Thank you.    Mr. Oram. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, for touching on the safe haven question. You know, right now, a good number of our people do not want to return back to their villages and towns in the Nineveh plains because they have lost the confidence and the trust of not only their government, but remember, a lot of their Sunni neighbors in the villages essentially marked them for death. They basically went ahead and etched on the big ``N'' for Nazarene, identifying them as Christian families, but the only way for an effective safe haven mechanism is obviously laying a foundation for the successful liberation of Mosul, which is basically the gateway of Iraq's Christian region, and also to ensure that the Assyrian communities of northern Iraq enjoy their own self-autonomous identity, their own affairs, as well as a security apparatus through the support of our Government. That is the only way that they can have their confidence and their hopes restored, by having a security mechanism in place, their own autonomy, dictating their own policies and what have you. This is extremely important for a long-term effort, for fulfilling a safe haven for our communities in northern Iraq.    And that is why it is important now to address this and this is going to be a long process, and so I think, right now, we really need to identify the current situation at hand with respect to the IDPs, the violence and the harassment, the lack of aid that they are receiving, as well as reforming our immigration or Refugee Act of 1980, designating new visas, the P-2 and the P-3 visas, for many of these Christian families to come to the United States. And a lot of them have relatives and friends and families in the United States. They can come back here and join them. This is important, but I think it should be a part of our long-term foreign policy strategy to preserve Christianity in the Middle East. We are the oldest in civilization. We are the indigenous peoples, and it is vital to America's national security to make sure that this is reached.    Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.