    Mr. Wilson. Thank you, Chairman.    And I appreciate so much Chairman Ed Royce, Ranking Member Eliot Engel. This is an extraordinary example of bipartisan concern and capable people. And I am grateful to be here with my colleague Albio Sires, too, and ask questions which really are quite in line.    It is just absolutely appalling to me that we have a situation with the Palestinian Authority which is providing rewards to murderers' families. It is pay to slay. And every effort, I think, should be made to stop it. Sadly, this follows the dangerous Iranian nuclear deal, where funding is being provided by the Iranians to Hamas.    And we need to remember that just last week there was another rocket attack at Sderot. And I personally identify with that. I have been to Sderot. I have met a dear lady who was at a park with her children when a rocket attack occurred. She grabbed the closest child, went to a shelter. But the child that she didn't pick up was permanently traumatized. I never want to see American families have to face this.    But the thought that we would be allowing any type of financing for pay to slay or for Hamas and its--by releasing funds to Iran, putting American and Israeli families at risk.    Along with this, the Palestinian Authority is providing financial support for pay to slay, for terrorism in the region.    And, Dr. Pollock, the--and it has been reviewed, but the American people need to know again, so restate. How does the Palestinian Authority provide support of the families of known terrorists? Is it in the form of cash, electronic wire transfers, other sources of payment? And what is the total amount that the Palestinian Authority provides in compensation to these families each year? Is there any evidence that U.S. dollars are ultimately ending up in the pockets of the relatives of terrorists?    And you have stated it, but state it one more time.    Mr. Wilson. And thank you again for restating and holding up the records. And if that wasn't clear, of course, the propaganda that you have cited, too, and the boasting about the murder of the young lady last week, the teenager, stabbing to death, is just incredible.    Congressman Wexler, welcome back. In your opinion, what is the impact of the Palestinian Authority's financial support to the families of terrorists on future acts of terrorism? Do you believe these payments encourage and perpetuate further acts of violence?    Mr. Wilson. Well, thank you very much. And, again, I look forward to working with my colleagues to ending pay for slay. Thank you.