    Mr. Lynch. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    First of all, I think you are doing a great job, Mr. Secretary. And I know we had a disagreement last week on TPA, but never in my time knowing you have I ever heard you address Congress or the American people with disdain. That is something not in your makeup or character.    Mr. Lynch. That is right. And a desire to serve. So I appreciate that. You are a good man. We don't always agree, but I honestly believe you have the best interests of the American people at heart, and the Administration is lucky to have you.    I want to focus on a situation here. When a bank is convicted of a felony or a bank pleads guilty to a felony, we have laws in place. Congress has put forth some laws that say, when they are guilty of these crimes, we remove some privileges that they have.    One of those privileges that they have is that of a well-known seasoned issuer (WKSI). And so we had a recent bout of guilty pleas by big banks, both in connection with LIBOR and also with the FX manipulation of dollar-euro exchange rates.    Normally those banks should be penalized by removing that WKSI designation, which allows them off-the-shelf registration and other privileges. But what has happened is that--I believe Labor Secretary Perez is the one who grants these waivers--I will give you a for-instance. In the latest round of SEC waivers, Barclays just received their third WKSI waiver since 2007. Citigroup has triggered a disqualification 5 times in the last 9 years, and every single time we give them a waiver. We don't penalize them. So there is no difference in how they operate, because we give them a waiver after they plead guilty.    UBS just received a seventh WKSI waiver since 2008. So they broke the law, criminal conviction, all pled guilty. JPMorgan Chase received its sixth WKSI waiver since 2008. And the Royal Bank of Scotland received its third WKSI waiver since 2013.    And UBS, going back to UBS, their last WKSI waiver occurred while they were still under a nonprosecution agreement from LIBOR. So they immediately failed.    So the penalties that Congress has put in place don't happen because the SEC has given them waivers. And I am just wondering if giving these waivers continually and not punishing these banks is a moral hazard, is causing them to behave just as they always have been, because it seems that way to me.    Mr. Lynch. But the penalty falls on the shareholders. The penalty doesn't go to any of the individuals who were involved here, and these banks continue to operate. Yes, you are right, there was $2.5 billion in fines, but they just keep on doing what they have been doing. And I have people in my district who are convicted of far smaller crimes, and they do serious time.    Is there another set of penalties that we could put in there that you would actually agree to enforce?    Mr. Lynch. But these are intended consequences. That is my point. We intended them to be penalized, and they are not.    Mr. Lynch. No, that is not the point here.