    Mr. Goodlatte. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I have said many times how much respect I have for Federal law enforcement officers who combat the drug cartels and the scourge of drugs in this country, who track down terrorists and prevent terrorist attacks, who put their lives on the line to protect the President of the United States and others, and the people around him. But that is not why we are here today. This is very concerning to me.    Mr. Whaley's testimony says that the DEA generally has an excellent working relationship with the Office of the Inspector General, particularly when it comes to investigative matters. So I want to ask you, Mr. Horowitz, do you agree with that statement, and are you confident that the DEA is committed to reform in this area?    Mr. Goodlatte. So you were not getting cooperation prior to this, but with the DEA you are getting more cooperation now with regard to the data and information and the ability to go in and examine and conduct an audit?    Mr. Goodlatte. Now, with regard to the FBI, your testimony and your report discusses the failures of the DEA and the FBI to promptly provide all the information you requested despite the requirements in Section 218 of the Fiscal Year 2015 Appropriations Act, where we specifically address this. Is there a legislative solution to this problem beyond what we have already done?    Mr. Goodlatte. In other words, we could withhold some funds from an agency for failure to comply.    Mr. Goodlatte. You know, I hate to do that with the FBI. They have a very important and very serious role. But it is also important that they respect the Office of the Inspector General. I have raised this with the Director of the FBI. Has there been no improvement there?    Mr. Goodlatte. Your testimony, Mr. Roth, describes in detail the allegations of Secret Service misconduct in Cartagena, Colombia, and the new rules it has instituted regarding personal conduct. Are you confident that the Secret Service appears to be taking this matter seriously? Because it seems to have gone on for several years without them taking it seriously when we have seen three or four instances just since the beginning of this year.    Mr. Goodlatte. Is there anything the agency is not doing that you feel it should?    Mr. Goodlatte. Mr. Whaley, on Monday evening the Justice Department sent a letter to this Committee identifying a couple of significant failures by OPR in connection with the investigation, including a failure to fully investigate the misconduct and a failure to properly refer the matter to the Office of Security Programs. Why were those failures allowed to happen?    Mr. Goodlatte. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.