    Mr. Heather. Thank you, Chairman Issa and Ranking Member Johnson, for today's important hearing and inviting the Chamber to testify.    The Chamber's approach to antitrust is grounded in the belief that antitrust should be transparent, fair, predictable, reasonably stable over time, consistent across jurisdictions, and based on sound economic analysis.    For the past several years, the Chamber has worked with China on its Anti-Monopoly Law, and China has made some positive progress. In part, improvements can be traced to high level engagement between the two governments. The Chamber welcomed the commitment by the two Presidents during President Xi's State visit in 2015 where it was agreed, quote, ``Both countries affirm the importance of competition policy approaches that ensure fair and nondiscriminatory treatment of entities and that avoid the enforcement of competition law to pursue industrial policy goals.'' However, China's antitrust enforcement has yet to live up to this ideal.    The AML itself allows China's agencies wide latitude to inject industrial policy into their enforcement activity. Further, stakeholders in China's government, not directly charged with enforcing the AML, have the potential to weigh in and steer the outcome of an antitrust investigation. As a result, in many cases, foreign companies find themselves as a victim of industrial policy goals that promote also discrimination and protectionism. Merger reviews have created opportunities for China's own national champions to expand and increase their market share, have capped prices for products and technology on which domestic companies rely, and protect famous Chinese brands from acquisition by foreign companies.    To date, all merger transactions blocked or conditionally approved have involved foreign companies. Similarly, AML transactions--AML investigations have forced foreign companies that market consumer products to reduce prices, even when such prices appear to be the result of market forces rather than anticompetitive conduct.    The Chamber is particularly concerned with China's ongoing efforts to develop IP abuse guidelines under the AML. Those guidelines endorse a broad, unbalanced essential facilities doctrine, impose stiff Anti-Monopoly sanctions for refusing to license IP or charging, quote, ``excessively highly'' royalties.    As drafted, the guidelines would force companies that possess critical technologies to license their intellectual property to Chinese competitors or to lower licensing costs to benefit local firms. As China concludes its drafting process later this year, the American business community hopes that China will remove its unbalanced essential facilities doctrine, delete provisions on excessive pricing, and eliminate provisions that prohibit or restrict the refusal to license. We believe such a course correction is ultimately in China's long-term interest as it seeks to move up the value chain and become a global innovative contributor.    Let me mention a word or two about due process. Concerns regarding the substance of China's AML and its enforcement are compounded by continuing concerns over transparency and due process. Limited evidence is often presented to the target in support of vague or novel theories of harm. The absence of an independent judiciary, as well as potential threats of retaliation, deters companies from seriously considering an appeal. The result, more often than not, is an investigative process that incentivizes the foreign target of investigation to settle on terms favorable to the Chinese government.    Looking beyond China, the Chamber actively follows upwards of a dozen jurisdictions annually. Many of the concerns we discuss here today exist elsewhere in the world to varying degrees. Today, it can be difficult to discern what is an appropriate international antitrust norm. Take a statement from the Korea Fair Trade Commission regarding its 2015 enforcement plan. It stated that one of its primary goals was to strengthen enforcement against global monopolistic enterprises holding original technologies having a significant influence in the Korean industry.    The wording of such a statement demonstrates how perverse uses of antitrust can creep toward becoming an acceptable international norm. Last year, China issued a fine to Qualcomm for just under a billion dollars. That amount may seem like a lot, but it is actually the third highest fine behind the questionable fines issued by Europe against Intel and Microsoft. China also raised eyebrows over the condition it imposed on the Microsoft-Nokia merger, only for Korea to follow and place significantly more questionable conditions on that same merger.    In these examples, China's actions can be seen to further stretch international norms while also claiming to live within them. It also demonstrates that the world of international trust presents problems beyond China.    In closing, the Chamber greatly appreciates the work of the U.S. antitrust agencies and this Administration, yet more work needs to be done. Let me conclude by highlighting some of the recommendations from my written testimony for Congress and this Committee to consider.    First, it is important to endorse a whole-of-government approach wherever antitrust is misused and abused. It is critical that competition policy advocacy, vis--vis, China occur within the framework of the Administration's broader economic and commercial policy toward China as set forth by the President of the United States.    Second, Congress, through rigorous oversight support, should support the Administration to do everything in its power to ensure provisions of China's IP abuse guidelines are at least as consistent with U.S., EU, and Japanese approaches. This must be a top and urgent priority.    Finally, Congress should be more vocal in its support for addressing these concerns through bilateral investment treaty negotiations with China and through competition chapters in our trade agreements.    Thank you, and I look forward to answering your questions.    Mr. Heather. Yes. In response for the Chamber's antitrust policy, I'm not our China expert who's actually in China, but I think if he was here today, he would share with you the way the Chamber looks at it is outside of the antitrust realm, that there are a range of Chinese policies that are all geared toward kind of industrial policy means and ends. And therefore, the antitrust law, in some ways, runs counter to those larger policies that the Chinese government is advancing and, therefore, opens up itself to the opportunity to advance those industrial policy goals.    It's also important to I think note in the China context that the three Chinese agencies, NDRC, MOFCOM, and SAIC all have other missions within their jurisdiction that are much more central to the way the Chinese organize and operate their economies. And the AML function that they fulfill is kind of on the margins of what is their core responsibility, which is more in this industrial policy vein.    As it relates to IP protection and these things, I think there's a number of avenues in which the U.S. Government and the Chamber have been advocating by which to eliminate forced transfer of U.S. companies where they go into China and then as a condition of investing in China, as a condition of operating in China, they are required to somehow joint venture with the state-owned enterprise to pass off their technology in some way, shape, form, or the other. There's a number of ways in which we're working to try to combat that, including through negotiations of a U.S.-China bilateral investment treaty.    Mr. Heather. I think that we're talking about apples and oranges. The Chinese system is one that doesn't have a rule of law, which I believe Professor Horton referred to, and so I think any discussion about what policy debate we may have in the United States about the role U.S. antitrust law should play in our market is not akin to what happens in China.    Mr. Heather. Well, given the fact that we have had the due process concerns in China's antitrust proceedings, I think it's ironic that we're talking about--or you're depositing the question whether or not we can learn anything about fairness from China. I think that certainly I expect our judiciary to provide fairness when anyone goes before it, but I think the question that underpins this is whether or not the Chicago school of economics is the school by which the U.S. antitrust laws should remain guided or be informed by.    To that point, in referencing that in the context of China, it's one thing to make these kinds of broad statements; it's another thing to have the rigorous economic analysis to support them. And none of the cases that we see coming out of China has an economic proof to go with the statements that they make.    And I think that regardless of where we want to take U.S. antitrust laws, which have changed over the last 100 years in terms of how they're interpreted, and I suspect they will change over the next 100 years, there will still be a requirement in the U.S. system to underpin that with rigorous economic analysis because it's not just about the law, it's about the economics.    Mr. Heather. I believe they are--do so in most cases, yes.    Mr. Heather. I'm unaware of the regulation you mentioned, but our China team would be more prepared to comment and answer questions you have that we can have followup with your staff.    Mr. Heather. Well, I believe that the S&ED has come to a conclusion in China I think as of this morning. I believe the outcomes statements from those meetings were posted late this morning. I do not believe there were any new developments coming out of this S&ED related to competition policy. That being said, I think the S&ED and the JCCT have been enormously helpful in particularly addressing those egregious due process concerns that you mentioned. In fact, I think most of the folks I talked to would say that it's probably been a year since those most egregious practices have been communicated back to the United States. So there is an effective dialogue there at the highest levels of the United States Government with China and China has shown some responsiveness.    That being said, in my testimony I said there are still due process concerns with a company being able to understand what the theory of harm is against them, being able to see the evidence China has collected so they can mount a defense and respond to that evidence. So there remains many due process challenges in China, but those most egregious offenses that you refer to in your comments are things that, at least for the last year or so, seem to have subsided and you can track that pretty closely with these high level commitments that came out of the S&ED and the JCCT.    Mr. Heather. I think the answer to that is absolutely. As I testified, that the AML can be used as a force for good in creating greater competition within the Chinese market, but the legal framework that is the Anti-Monopoly Law also allows for supporting the social development of the market economy, as they refer to it. It carves out space for their state-owned enterprises and does a number of other things that provide unique twists on what antitrust enforcement would be in the United States being consumer welfare focused.    Mr. Heather. I won't worry about the adjective. I will just simply say, yes, China's enforcement of intellectual property rights is substandard.