    Mrs. Davis. Thank you, Madam Chair.    And thank you all for being here today. I appreciate that.    You know, we--before I--we dealt with a lot of campus issues around sexual violence--and I understand that we have been--campuses have been dealing with them for many years, but in terms of the visibility and the issue, it followed, to a certain extent, looking at sexual assault in the military. And we introduced a number of bills to try and get at this issue. Not so easy, and I have a few colleagues here from the Armed Services Committee that know and understand that.    One of the things that we have been talking about here, which was really critical, was the support for victims, men and women, to have access to--you mentioned a trauma-informed, but a highly professional individual who really can help victims navigate the system and provide the kind of options available to them that they have, whether it is, you know, reporting or non-reporting and what that means, actually, for them.    So I was just wondering, in terms of what you have seen in the Campus--the Safe Campus Act or other acts, are there some that you think actually would make it difficult for a student who chooses not to report to have those services--to receive those services? Are there bills that actually do tie the opportunity for victims to be informed by someone who really is highly trained in this area?    And quite frankly, I am not sure that we are there yet, in terms of the ``highly trained,'' but at least we know where we have to go with it.    Anybody want to--do you see that? Are we--    Mrs. Davis. Yes.    Mrs. Davis. But, Dr. Rue, yes--    Mrs. Davis. And, Ms. Maatz, I--and addressing, as well, the harmonizing issue that we--that we mentioned earlier in terms of how universities, how institutions deal with this.    Mrs. Davis. I think what is important about that, as well, and the SOS Act that I have authored along with Senator Boxer basically has, I think, actually brought about a number of special advocates on campuses in 30--in the University of California system and others, and I think you have mentioned many schools have them.    Mrs. Davis. I think the real key is the level of training that they have.    But more than that, I think what we have seen in the military system, as well, is the fact that people generally become more knowledgeable about this process, which has been a very well-kept secret in the past and is--I think has contributed to the fact that it is a fearful system, and that is what we are trying to get away from.    Mrs. Davis. Thank you.    Thank you, Madam Chair.    Chairwoman Foxx. Thank you very much, Mrs. Davis.    Dr. Heck, you are recognized for 5 minutes.