    Mr. Walz. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank you all for your testimony. I think it is appropriate we are here. Tomorrow, March 25, would have been the 101st birthday of Minnesota graduate and researcher, Norman Borlaug, so the discussion we are having falls directly into that. And I am appreciative of all of your time and effort.    I would point out, and we are trying to get to the heart of this, our responsibility in Congress and our responsibility I would argue each of you is to define a problem, gather the information, and then make correct assumptions to that, and that is what we are trying to get at.    January 2015 Pew Research Center study came out and showed that 89 percent of scientists believe that GMOs are safe, that 37 percent of the public did. And I am going to come back to this. Yes, it is the 800 pound gorilla in the room, but the science and the preponderance of the evidence on this seems to warrant where we are headed. And we can get into this issue with Norman Borlaug's position, with 12 billion people on the horizon for 2100, with the idea of how we are going to feed these people, but the problem we have in this place is you can't be selective when the preponderance of the evidence shows something. And we do that. And there better be some soul searching on both sides of the aisle on this, as to let the science and the research drive us to come up with conclusions that work. And it is important, both for consumer safety and sense of fairness.    The point was brought up, Mr. Clarkson's point about ratcheting down the rhetoric is exactly it. But while I would make the argument, and I respectfully say, that the Chairman will run his Committee as he wants to. The questions that Mr. McGovern brought up, there should be some dissenting voices here or we end up in the situation like the outlandish situation in Florida where state officials can't talk about climate change. Well, you give a perception that there is something you don't want people to talk about. The evidence is clearly here that this is a way to feed people. It always has been. It is as much about Mesopotamia as it is about Monsanto, and that is the discussion that we have to have and have fairly so that we can make good decisions.    And I am just troubled that we will go down a road. And there are some interesting things. Dr. Federoff, you brought up a good point. This one has always gotten me a little bit. Orange juice, for example, the Florida citrus folks, and they want to sell them. They label no GMOs on there. There are no GMO oranges. But here is the thing. There may need to be soon with the greening, the citrus greening disease, that is coming. So they may regret that decision that we are going to end up with those eventually, because of this new entrance into the environment.    So I applaud all of you for being here. I would ask my colleagues, this gives us an opportunity to reset on some of these things. You can't say, wow. The preponderance of the evidence and the scientific consensus is nearly whole on this issue and then walk to another committee room and have the exact same folks. Now, I get it. There is 11 percent of scientists here. I bet you they are not egronimous that are part of that. And to bring in someone else in an unrelated field and use that, that is the outlier that Dr. Federoff said, and we are going to base our decisions on that. Because I would make this argument here as feeding the world's population, continuing to advance, continuing to do. The things you do is feed, clothe, and power the world, is going to involve a simultaneous discussion on climate change as it deals also with GMOs. And I wish we would have the maturity, the ability to be able to do what you all have clearly laid out today.    And Ms. Lidback, I apologize for those people who would question you because you have the audacity to talk about the science. Trust me, it happens on other issues, too, unfortunately. But your willingness to come here and speak about this and talk about it, and the powerful thing here, too, just hearing this, the organic folks can make three times more. Well, good for them if they are going to be able to. And that is where we are at. We are not trying to stop that.    But it is an important point and an important discussion that we cannot drive policy, whether it is on labeling or how we go about things that is not based on the evidence, that is not based on research, because that will lead to bad outcomes all the way around.    So I want to thank each of you for being here. I want to ask my colleagues to have the courage to discuss these things as they are and then to come up with good solutions. And that shouldn't be all that difficult. The good news here is that our producers continue to be the most productive in the world. Our researchers continue to be the most innovative, and we are able to provide the most abundant, safest, affordable food supply in the world, and we can do that around the world. So this is an important discussion. It is broad, it is important, and I applaud each of you for continuing to bring it to the forefront and hopefully we will get a good solution for you and for the consumers. Thank you.    The Chairman. The gentleman yields back. Mr. Emmer, for 5 minutes?