    Ms. Lujan Grisham. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Thank you for having this important hearing.    I want to thank the panel for taking this conversation and these questions so seriously.    In New Mexico, we are one of the States that has one of the largest percentage or per capita Federal employees in the Country, in the top five, so I have 50,000 Federal employees in my home State, and I am on their side by being incredibly concerned about this and, quite frankly, many other data breaches.    The growing sophistication, frequency, and the impact on both public and private entities by cyber attacks continue to be a very serious threat. In fact, two days after my first election, one of the key briefings by one of the national labs which is in my district on Kirkland Air Force Base is the continuing growing concern with cybersecurity issues and their aggressive responses both to be proactive as much as they can and to appropriately be reactive once you have an identifiable breach.    Given the data breach at OPM and at Home Depot and at Target, Anthem, it is clear to me that not only does the Federal Government have a role in protecting Federal employees and the information that you have, but we have a role in working to protect the public in general from these serious and continuing series of cyber attacks.    But I recognize also that this is a very challenging effort and that there is not a simple solution. If there was, we could stop this hacking altogether and have the magic bullet. And as much as I want you to do that, I don't want to minimize the fact that I recognize that that is more difficult to say than do. No, it is easy to do; it is not so easy to do. But my concerns are growing given that even the best in the Country are facing significant cyber attacks, including Kaspersky Lab, who we are relying on for innovative and appropriate technologies to implement.    So given that diatribe and given all the questions that you have had about accountability, about the serious nature, here is really my question. The Federal Government is not known for being, and I mean no disrespect by this, but just stating the facts, it is not a proactive, very reactive body just by the nature of how large it is, how broad our mission is, and how we are dependent on whatever the resources are and the priorities are at any given time.    Given that climate and the role to protect the general public and your role to protect Federal employee information, what can you do that is different, that puts you in a position to be much more proactive, particularly given the nature of cyber attacks? Quite frankly, they have already hacked in as you are making the next modifications.    Anyone on the panel. Mr. Scott, that may be a question that is primarily for you, but I would be interested in anybody's response.    Ms. Lujan Grisham. And given your role to do that in Federal Government, I am not clear today what percentage of legacy systems and old architecture platforms that we are still operating under and which departments are more at risk than others. What is the time frame for getting that done and what is a reasonable course for this committee to take to make sure we have accountability in Federal Government to move forward exactly in that effort?