    Chairman CHABOT. The Committee will come to order.    I want to thank everyone for joining us today for this timely and important discussion on trade. Very often, this Committee discusses ways to grow the economy, increase the number of jobs being created, and sell more goods stamped ``Made in the USA.'' All of these goals would help the American workforce, and all of these goals are attainable with trade. Simply put, trade means opportunity for small business. After all, 96 percent of the world's consumers live outside the borders of the United States, yet of the 28 million small businesses in America, only 1 percent sell their goods internationally. If we tear down trade barriers, we can make it easier for small businesses to participate in the global marketplace and unleash our nation's most powerful economic force.    One of the barriers facing small businesses looking to export is confusion about how to even do it and a maze of federal resources only sometimes add to the confusion. This Committee recognizes that challenge and is working on legislative solutions to better coordinate federal resources so they are more efficient, streamlined, and better able to help business navigate the export process.    Beyond that, we need better trade agreements. Currently, we only have one free trade agreement with 20 countries, so that is trade agreements with about 10 percent of the countries around this globe; yet, nearly half of the goods exported from the United States went to those countries that we had trade agreements with last year. Better trade agreements mean small businesses will be able to access new international customers and offer their products more easily and at a lower cost than ever before. It means that more products will be built and sold. When that happens, jobs are created, wages are lifted, and more opportunity is available to all.    That is really what is on the table with this debate--more opportunity for all Americans. We cannot get stronger trade agreements, like TPP and TTIP without trade promotion authority or TPA. Without TPA, American workers will be competing under the same unfair rules they do today. It will be the status quo. With TPA, we can create trade agreements that will level the playing field. We can remove barriers put up by foreign nations that make it more difficult for American businesses to sell their products. Put an American worker against anyone in the world and I will take that bet every day of the week and twice on Sunday, but we cannot get there without trade.    Trade is also an opportunity to spread American values of economic freedom and individual liberty, freedoms we understand as second nature. Without TPA, and subsequently TPP, other nations will dictate the rules of the new economy; nations that do not respect the rule of law or the rights of the individuals. Trade is not a choice or a luxury in our modern world; it is a necessity. It is a cornerstone of a strong 21st century economy.    Today we will hear from small businesses who are directly impacted by whether we move forward on TPA and important trade agreements or whether we bury our heads in the sand while China shapes the contours of the global marketplace.    I want to thank again our witnesses for being here, and I now yield to the ranking member for her opening remarks.    Chairman CHABOT. Thank you very much.    And I would ask that Committee members, if they have an opening statement prepared, to submit them for the record, and I will just take a moment to explain our timing rules here. You get five minutes to testify. A yellow light will come on to let you know you have one minute to wrap up and a red light will come on and we would ask that you complete your testimony within that time if at all possible. We will give you a little of flexibility but not too much.    And we will go ahead and introduce our witness panel here. Our first witness is Brian Bieron. He is the executive director for the Global Public Policy Lab at eBay, Inc. In this role, Mr. Bieron has covered public policy issues for eBay and PayPal in the European Union and Australia. Mr. Bieron has a bachelor of arts from St. Joseph University and a master's from George Washington University, and we welcome you here this morning.    Our second witness will be Dyke Messinger, who is the president and CEO of Power Curbers, Inc., in Salisbury, North Carolina, where he has been president and CEO since 1981. Mr. Messinger received his undergraduate degree from the University of North Carolina Chapel Hill and his master of business administration from Tulane, and we welcome you here as well.    Our third witness today is Michael E. Stanek, vice president and chief financial officer of Hunt Imaging LLC. Mr. Stanek serves on the Board of Trustees of the National Small Business Association and is testifying today on NSBA's behalf. He received his undergraduate degree from Cleveland State University, and we thank you for your testimony as well.    And I will now yield to Ms. Velazquez to introduce our next witness.    Chairman CHABOT. Thank you very much.    And we will now go to our panel. Mr. Bieron, you are recognized for five minutes.    Chairman CHABOT. Thank you very much.    Mr. Messinger, you are recognized for five minutes.    Chairman CHABOT. Thank you.    Mr. Stanek, you are recognized for five minutes.    Chairman CHABOT. Thank you very much.    Mr. Brightbill, you are recognized for five minutes.    Chairman CHABOT. Thank you very much.    And I want to especially thank all four of the panel members for keeping within our time limits almost to the word, so well done. And the testimony was good, too.    And I will begin with recognizing myself for five minutes, and Mr. Bieron, I will begin with you, if I could.    We are certainly aware that the statistics are there is only about 1 to 2 percent of small businesses that actually trade internationally, yet eBay has been able to have, because of your platform, a 95 percent of those, and you mentioned four continents. Those are incredibly, I think, positive numbers. I would just like to hear if you wanted to expand upon that a bit, what successes they have had, why you think there is such a discrepancy between the overall small business community and those who operate through eBay.    Chairman CHABOT. Thank you very much. I appreciate it.    And Mr. Messinger, I will turn to you next if I can.    You had mentioned, among other things, that you are in favor of TPA, and Mr. Brightbill mentioned some of the concerns about jobs and things like that and also mentioned that the Senate, we think, is going to be taking it up this week, I believe, and the House, probably sometime in the near future. And I happen to be a supporter and hope it passes. But I know some of my colleagues who are opposed to it are concerned about jobs being lost and companies taking their business overseas and setting shop up over there instead of in the U.S. And my belief is basically we create far more jobs than we lose. That is one of the reasons I am in favor of it. But could you comment on TPA and what it would mean to your business in particular and what you think it would do relative to the hiring of more employees, or do you think you would end up letting employees go? What do you anticipate in your business?    Chairman CHABOT. Okay. Thank you.    My time is expired. The ranking member is recognized for five minutes.    Chairman CHABOT. The gentlelady's time is expired but if she would like to follow up----    Chairman CHABOT. The gentlelady's time has expired.    The gentleman from Missouri, the vice chairman of this Committee, Mr. Luetkemeyer is recognized for five minutes.    Chairman CHABOT. Thank you. The gentleman's time is expired.    The gentlelady from New York, Ms. Adams, who is the ranking member of the Investigations, Oversight, and Regulations Subcommittee is recognized for five minutes.    Chairman CHABOT. I apologize. North Carolina.    Chairman CHABOT. I was wondering why you were smiling.    Chairman CHABOT. Sorry about that.    Chairman CHABOT. Thank you. The gentlelady yields back.    Since the chairman screwed up and identified the lady from North Carolina as being from New York, I probably should say that the next questioner is from New York and not New York, but I will not do that.    The gentleman from New York, Mr. Hanna, who is the chairman of the Subcommittee on Contracting and Workforce is recognized for five minutes, and I apologize to the gentlelady.    Chairman CHABOT. Thank you.    The gentleman yields back.    And the chair would like to note the presence of some guests here this morning from American Samoa, some high school students, and I would like to defer to the gentlelady from Samoa, Ms. Radewagen, if she would like to say something.    Chairman CHABOT. If you do not mind, I have to go over to this side.    Chairman CHABOT. I will be back.    Chairman CHABOT. Thank you very much. And we welcome our guests here this morning for being here. Thank you very much.    And the gentlelady from California, Ms. Hahn, is recognized for five minutes.    Chairman CHABOT. The gentlelady yields back.    The gentlelady from American Samoa, Ms. Radewagen, who is the chairman of the Subcommittee on Health and Technology is now recognized for five minutes.    Chairman CHABOT. The gentlelady yields back. Thank you.    And the gentleman from Nevada who is chairman of the Subcommittee on Investigations, Oversight, and Regulations is recognized for five minutes.    Chairman CHABOT. The gentleman's time is expired.    The chair would just note for the record that one of the mechanisms for the small business community around the country to get to Congress what it is they think about TPP and other things is this committee and us holding hearings, and that is what we are doing today. And this panel has done a commendable job, and I think the attendance of the members here today has been good on both sides, too, so we are listening, and hopefully we will enter that into our ultimate decisions on how we vote on these things. So I would just note that for the record.    And the gentleman from South Carolina, Mr. Rice, who is the chairman of the Subcommittee on Economic Growth, Tax, and Capital Access is recognized for five minutes.    Chairman CHABOT. The gentleman's time is expired.    And the gentlelady, the ranking member is recognized. She wanted to ask a follow-up question.    Chairman CHABOT. Thank you. The gentlelady yields back.    I would like to thank the witnesses for being here. Our panel, I think, has given us excellent testimony. Trade is clearly one of the more important issues that Congress is going to be facing in the upcoming weeks and months when one considers TPA, TPP, TTIP, and the Ex-Im Bank, and a range of other issues, and I think you made a great contribution, all of you, towards this Committee, and our colleagues understanding and grasping this issue, and hopefully doing the right thing.    I ask unanimous consent that members have five legislative days to submit statements and supporting materials for the record. Without objection, so ordered. And if there is no further business to come before the Committee, we are adjourned. Thank you.