    Ms. Edwards. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman, and thank you very much for holding this hearing today on the ``Next Steps to Mars: Deep Space Habitats.'' Our Committee and Subcommittee have actively been examining aspects of the humans-to-Mars goal as well as how to implement it, and I'm looking forward to continuing the discussion this afternoon.    I too would like to welcome our distinguished panel of witnesses. It's a rare opportunity to have NASA, industry leaders, and a best-selling author together to discuss the opportunities and challenges involved in sending humans to Mars. I would also note that in our audience today are many representatives I see from the industry as well, and so I think this is an important time for us to really get on the same page about next directions.    And the fact that we will discuss today one of the critical elements that's needed to send humans to Mars, habitats, reflects the current situation that achieving the humans-to-Mars goal is no longer a question of ``if'' but rather a question of ``when.'' The ``when'' will, in part, depend on public support, and so I'm glad that Mr. Weir is here as well today to provide his perspectives on how popular media, such as books, movies, and television can help further public support for the goal of sending humans to Mars.    Other questions we need to address; however, are, of course, how do we get there and what do we need to be working on now in technology development, research, and mission demonstrations if we are to achieve that goal?    This afternoon's hearing will focus on the habitats and habitat systems needed to protect a crew from the harshness of space during deep space missions. Habitats will need systems to provide clean air, water recovery, climate monitoring and control, and a means for food production. They'll also need to provide for fire safety within a closed environment, crew exercise, onboard medical services, and the ability to provide safe haven from solar particle storms and cosmic galactic rays that pose risks to crew health and mission operations. So I'm anxious to hear from our panelists about the concepts for addressing these challenges and the status of work to date on habitation systems.    Finally, getting humans to Mars will require much more than overcoming the technical challenges of developing habitation systems. It will require national commitment, sustained support, and resources over multiple decades. Public excitement, anticipation and engagement in sending humans to Mars will also play an important role in determining the extent to which the Nation prioritizes this as a goal.    So I'm pleased, Mr. Chairman, that we also have the opportunity today to discuss how we can stimulate and leverage public engagement in the goal of sending humans to Mars. And I would also say that I share the goal of trying to complete in this interim period a longer-term authorization for the agency to set on a path, a direction forward, particularly with respect to getting humans to Mars and the support of that goal so that in fact we can make the kind of appropriate transition from one Administration to the next that doesn't require us to start from square one. And so I look forward in these next several months to doing exactly that.    And lastly, I'd like to thank again our witnesses for being here, and I truly do look forward to your testimony.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and I yield back.    Ms. Edwards. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank you for the witnesses too and for your patience.    I want to begin with Mr. Crusan. NASA's Journey to Mars strategy outlines the plans to develop an initial habitation capability for short-duration missions in cislunar space in the early 2020s and then to evolve that capability over some period of time, and I guess the question is whether NASA intends to accomplish that with habitation demonstrations in cislunar and what would be needed to extend those capabilities to a habitat that could support a human mission to Mars. And additionally, if you could address the question of whether you envision testing out multiple habitat developments or a single habitat. These are all details, frankly, that we should be getting to in a more complex roadmap that the Congress has asked for over some period of time, but if you could address that, I'd appreciate it.    Ms. Edwards. Mr. Elbon and Ms. Sigur and Mr. Culbertson?    Ms. Edwards. Thank you.    Ms. Sigur?    Ms. Edwards. Mr. Chairman, can we hear from Mr. Culbertson? Do you mind?    Ms. Edwards. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. Edwards. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and again, thanks to the witnesses.    I have a couple of questions actually for the companies who are here because you have decades of work in space systems, and I'm just trying to figure out what it is that NASA needs to do now in conjunction with our elected leadership to make sure that we're really on pace to get this done, and my concern rests with the fact that we continue to have this kind of push and pull with the Administration and the Committee over what platform we're going to use as the springboard to Mars. Is it going to be an asteroid retrieval mission? Is it going to be on the Moon? I mean, all of those different considerations. And I want to know from your perspective when we need to resolve this so that we have the ability to move forward in a way that allows us to put the resources that are necessary to get the job done. Because I think as long as the Executive Branch and the Congress are in slightly different places, it's very confusing, and it's unpredictable, and we don't have the resources that we need, and in fact, we could be just wasting money because we'll come up on another Administration starting from scratch. And so I would just like your opinions of that. Mr. Elbon?    Ms. Edwards. Thank you.    Ms. Sigur?    Ms. Edwards. Mr. Culbertson?    Ms. Edwards. Thank you. And we don't have time for it here today but I do think that there's value in providing information to the Committee about what you perceive as the job creation and technology creation capabilities that would lend itself to the way that we begin to think about the value of investing in this really long-term and quite expensive endeavor, and the question is, will it pay off in the kind of way that the space program has over these last almost six decades. So thank you very much for your consideration.