    Ms. Durkovich. Good morning, Chairman Barletta, Ranking Member Carson, and members of the subcommittee. My name is Caitlin Durkovich, and I am the Assistant Secretary for Infrastructure Protection within the National Protection and Programs Directorate at the Department of Homeland Security. Thank you for the opportunity to discuss how NPPD, which leads the national effort to secure and enhance the resilience of our Nation's infrastructure, fulfils its responsibility to support the Federal Government's preparedness for, response to, and recovery from all-hazard events, including the physical impacts of cyber incidents.    I want to begin by acknowledging that protecting the electric grid is a top priority of this administration and of the Department of Homeland Security. It is also worth underscoring, as you will hear from our industry partners later, that the grid, by its very design, is resilient. It is a complex network of electric infrastructure assets that has built-in redundancies and can adapt to rapidly changing demand, load, climate, and a host of other factors.    In short, the electric grid has been engineered with one principle in mind: reliability. Thousands of companies work together with the Government to run the most reliable grid in the world. And while over 85 percent of the Nation's electricity infrastructure is in private hands, the Federal Government recognizes we must work in partnership with industry to protect our grid because of its importance to national security, economic prosperity, and community resilience.    I have the privilege of working with industries that span the 16 critical infrastructure sectors, and can say with confidence that the electric industry takes a multilayered approach to risk management, and is committed to continuous adaptation, based on lessons learned from real-world events and exercises, and an understanding of the dynamic risk environment. Industry and Government acknowledge, however, we cannot stop every threat and natural hazard, and that we must be prepared to respond to a range of events and their consequences.    The Federal Government's voluntary partnership with the electric sector, which is defined under the National Infrastructure Protection Plan, reached new levels in 2012 following two important events. The first was a report published by the Presidential advisory committee, the National Infrastructure Advisory Council, in 2011 on the resilience of the electric and nuclear sectors, and called for the most senior executives from industry and Government to convene on a regular basis to craft a risk management agenda that was reflective of the increasingly chaotic threat environment.    Nearly a year later our country awoke to the scenes of an earthquake, tsunami, and subsequent failure at the Fukushima Nuclear Power Plant in Japan that put new emphasis on the need for the public and private sector and the United States to come together to plan for a catastrophic national incident.    For nearly 4 years now, 30 CEOs representing the breadth of the electric power industry have comprised the Electricity Subsector Coordinating Council, and meet regularly with their counterparts at DHS , DOE, and other members of the interagency to address the growing number of sophisticated factors that put our grid at risk. This risk management approach is focused on ensuring that the consequences of the most catastrophic events are minimized, and that the value of our relationship is strengthened by identifying joint priorities enabled by robust information sharing, continuous planning, and regular testing and exercise of these plans.    Projects conducted through this partnership include action-oriented information sharing around physical and cyber events, including black energy: a 2013-2014 security outreach campaign around threats to substations recommended security best practices and the importance of reporting suspicious activity; an Electricity Subsector Coordinating Council playbook, which is a crisis management framework to enable senior executives from industry and Government to coordinate effectively on response and recovery issues; as well as work by DHS and DOE with the Electricity Subsector Coordinating Council on efforts to institutionalize coordination with other lifeline functions.    In addition to our ESCC work, DHS works directly with owners and operators to help enhance their security and resilience posture, understand dependencies and interdependencies, and exercise with their State, local, tribal, and territorial partners for a range of possible scenarios. This engagement would not be possible without a cadre of security specialists around the country who engage with asset owners on a regular basis to help them understand the risk posed by cyber and physical threats, perform assessments, share information, and ensure they are connected to the broader homeland security community to include State and local officials.    NPPD also works with partners across the Government in the event of a needed response to a major disaster or attack resulting in a failure of the electric grid. NPPD supports FEMA during response operation, and helps provide an understanding of the infrastructure of concern in an impacted area, and decision support in prioritizing restoration and recovery, as well as ensuring the resilience of our communications infrastructure.    During a cyber or communication incident, NPPD's National Cybersecurity and Communications Integration Center is able to coordinate with State, local, and private-sector partners, including law enforcement and intelligence communities, so that the full capabilities of the Federal Government can be brought to bear in a coordinated manner.    The Industrial Control Systems Cyber Emergency Response Team is the response component of the NCCIC and provides on-site support to private-sector industrial control system owners and operators.    In conclusion, Government and industry have engaged in an unprecedented effort to assess and mitigate the risks from cyberattacks, physical sabotage, and natural disasters, all of which can result in disruptions to the electric grid. In a major step toward this unified approach, the Department proposed to transition NPPD to an operational component, the Cyber and Infrastructure Protection Agency. This transition would elevate cyber operations and provide more comprehensive, coordinated risk management support to our stakeholders that reflect the growing convergence of cyber and physical threats.    Chairman Barletta, Ranking Member Carson, and members of the subcommittee, thank you again for the opportunity to appear before you today and to discuss NPPD's efforts in managing the physical consequences of cyberthreats.    I look forward to your questions.    Ms. Durkovich. Thank you very much for that question, Ranking Member Carson.    We work very closely with the utility owners, with our partners at DOE, as well as NERC and FERC , to understand the most critical aspects of the electric grid. We have a number of programs that we leverage to help assess the vulnerabilities of these particular assets, and to work with owners and operators to help enhance the security and resilience to provide recommendations. But equally important, as you will hear later from Gerry Cauley, who is the president and CEO of NERC, we have a series of standards that are intended to guide the security of some of these most critical assets.    Increasingly within my office we are working to better understand the dependencies and interdependencies on some of these critical energy assets to be able to visualize what an outage is--the impacts it is going to have to other key lifeline sectors, and to be able to provide that information as leaders to include Administrator Fugate and those of the utilities working to get power restored. Thank you.    Ms. Durkovich. Yes, sir.    Ms. Durkovich. Yes, sir.    Ms. Durkovich. Yes, sir. Of course.