    Mr. Mica. Good morning. I would like to call the Subcommittee on Transportation and Public Assets to order. And this morning's hearing, which is part of the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, will focus on oversight of the Federal Emergency Management Agency's response to the Baton Rouge and Louisiana flood disaster.    I'm pleased to welcome everyone. Without objection, the chair is authorized to declare a recess at any time. And the chair is also very pleased to note the presence of our colleagues from Louisiana, Congressman Garret Graves of the Sixth district, and also Congressman Cedric Richmond of the Second district, both of whom represent the affected area.    We appreciate again your participating in today's hearing and welcome your participation today, along with the witnesses that have been assembled.    The order of business will be that, first, I will ask a unanimous consent agreement with our minority that Congressmen Graves and Richmond will be able to provide witness testimony at the beginning of our hearing and then participate in the member questions, along with our remaining witnesses later, in the hearing. Without objection, so ordered.    I ask also unanimous consent that Congressmen Graves and Richmond be allowed to fully participate in today's hearing. And also without objection, so ordered.    The balance of the order of business today will be opening statements by myself, the ranking member, Ms. Duckworth. We'll also leave the record open for an additional period of time. I guess it will go for 1 week.    Mr. Mica. Without objection. And other members may submit statements.    So with that, I will open with an opening statement, and as I said, we'll proceed with the order described, then we'll recognize and swear in our witnesses, and we'll proceed with the hearing in that order and have questions after all of the witnesses have been heard.    So with that, again I welcome everyone to this important oversight hearing. I had the opportunity to be part of a call from our leadership on our side of the aisle a little less than 2 weeks ago, and in that conversation we talked about the most important issues facing the Congress in the month will be in, in September, prior to the recess, and top on the agenda was dealing with the emergency situation and the Federal response in the Baton Rouge flood disaster area. And that issue was brought to the conference and leadership attention by Congressman Graves. That conversation took place on a Thursday. On Sunday--well, Friday we made plans for me to visit the affected area, and with the cooperation and direction of Chairman Chaffetz went down and personally spent most of Sunday and all of Monday touring the area, visiting the affected sites, both on the ground and from the air, meeting with local officials to assess where we were.    Chairman Chaffetz has also agreed, because of the emergency nature of the situation we find ourselves in, to have this subcommittee hearing at this point. And I think that's very important, that we conduct immediate and thorough oversight, particularly in a disaster of this magnitude.    As we all know, on August 11, 2016, we had a natural disaster in the Baton Rouge area of Louisiana that brought torrential rains, probably a 1 in a 1,000 year storm. That storm and the water which inundated tens of thousands, in fact we estimate--right now we have over 143,000 claims--that storm did incredible damage in a very unique manner. The damage estimates are incalculable right now, but I can tell you that more than a quarter of a million people have been displaced from their home and many people are still in shelters. I think yesterday I got the report of over 800 still in shelters. When I was there a week ago there were 2,000.    This is a unique natural disaster in its implications again of its size and scope. It is also unique in that most of the country is not paying attention to again one of the most impactful natural disasters we've had in our country probably since Hurricane Katrina. We've got some photos too that we brought back. The devastation is sprawling and endless, it's community after community, subdivision after subdivision. You can see people's--the contents of their home in the streets.    The Louisiana folks are the finest folks I have ever met in the face of a disaster who have helped neighbors and friends and family gut their homes, but both the contents and the parts of the structure that again were damaged are all in the streets. And this goes on mile after mile, neighborhood after neighborhood, town after town.    About 80 percent of the homeowners did not have flood insurance because their homes were not located in a federally identified area that alerted them or considered that those areas would flood according to the maps produced by the Federal Government.    After meeting with dozens of State officials, business leaders, and Federal officials, my investigation and our work down there on that visit discovered some of the response by FEMA was not acceptable and we, unfortunately, learned from this disaster and that visit some huge deficits in our Federal response.    We went through Hurricane Katrina and some other disasters. We had a $2.7 billion fiasco with trailers, some of which were found to have formaldehyde, but we spent all that money, time, and FEMA was to be able to address a natural disaster, one of this nature, with some housing.    When I arrived more than 2 weeks afterwards, there was one unit--put that photo back up--there was one modular unit that had been constructed--go back one more. If you look behind the debris, that was the single FEMA modular unit; 143,000 homes uninhabitable, and 2.1 weeks later, that was the only unit. There were 73 units that were not deployed in a field that I visited and I was told another 40 in another field, even though 250 sites had been approved for receiving those units.    We also found that there were many problems with those units because, first, the cost is about $60,000 and then it was about $20,000 to transport and erect those structures. So we had one up. Not an acceptable response.    FEMA should have learned from the mistakes of Katrina. Unfortunately, they were not ready for this disaster, they did not have housing. As of Friday, I was told it there were 17 of those units now up. Again, 143,000 homes uninhabitable, more than a quarter of a million people displaced, and we have 3 weeks later possibly 17 units. Now I'm told it may be a lower number, but that is not an acceptable Federal response.    The constant theme, unfortunately, has been FEMA's nonresponsiveness and sometimes providing contradictory information. When we visited Denham Springs, met with the mayor and we'll hear from him. Denham Springs, probably 80 percent of the structures were affected in that town, probably 50 percent of their business area was destroyed, probably will never come back. They did not have a disaster recovery center until 19 days after the flood.    I met with the mayor, and the mayor actually, his point of contact was on a slip of paper he showed me. He finally got a contact, almost 3 weeks after the disaster, in one of the most hard-hit cities in Louisiana. That's not an acceptable response from FEMA.    And then emergency water, we heard repeated stories of FEMA water, which is supposed to be located to go in, took days, 4 to 5 days to actually get there. Only through the good graces and assistance of neighbors and friends did they have fresh water at some of these sites.    We need to determine how many leftover, wasted funds from Hurricane Sandy that we could reuse and put towards Baton Rouge. We need to carefully examine all of the things that went wrong with FEMA and correct them for the future. No community or State should endure what has occurred in the Federal response to the natural disaster in the Baton Rouge area.    I encouraged all those dealing with FEMA when I was there to make certain that they had taken names, got commitment in writing for everything they are going to do, because they have already seen hundreds of people come in from all around the country making commitments and these people will soon be gone. And already we've had the confusion of FEMA giving certain commitments to individuals and other folks at different levels of FEMA coming in and giving a counter opinion.    So we're not in a very good situation. We've got to do better. And I know both sides of the aisle are committed to help in this situation.    Let me yield to Ms. Duckworth, and then I want to yield a couple minutes to our chair.    Mr. Mica. I thank the gentlelady.    Chairman Chaffetz.    Mr. Mica. In accordance with our unanimous request, I'll recognize Mr. Graves, the gentleman from Louisiana.    Mr. Graves of Louisiana. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I want to thank you for hosting this hearing.    Congresswoman Duckworth, you as well.    Thank you, Chairman Chaffetz.    I appreciate you all bringing attention to this issue.    Look, you all are aware of the statistics. The last time I talked to FEMA this flood event has received one-half the national media attention that the South Carolina floods received. And while it is never a good idea, I think, to compare disasters because there is such personal tragedy in them, it is amazing that there has been such a lack of urgency and knowledge and understanding of what's happened.    This is a 1,000-year flood event. A 1,000-year flood event. This is something, and I'm going to rip a line on from Mayor Shelton, this event could happen in any city. And I understand that the folks who say: You know what, it's not in my State, I don't care, it's not affecting my constituents. It does, because what happens here, the precedent, allowing lackadaisical attitudes, allowing lack of priority, has a profound effect on what happens to our constituents.    But when you have a disaster, whether it's an earthquake, an avalanche, a volcano, a flood, a hurricane, no matter what it is, a terrorist attack, it is going to go have a profound effect, because if you let things slide, if you let folks take a lackadaisical approach here it's going to be the same thing in your State.    You know, I've tried to communicate with other Members of Congress to compare this disaster. Chairman Chaffetz just talked about the fact that it was 31 inches of rain and comparing to other places. The national American rainfall, the average rainfall for this country, is less than that and we got it in 36 hours.    Put that in perspective: 7 trillion gallons of water--7 trillion. The reality is this. The Stafford Act is entirely insufficient to respond to this disaster. It is entirely insufficient. You can play tens of thousands of times over where people in south Louisiana are upside down in their mortgage, their jobs are underwater literally, their cars have flooded out, they've lost their clothes, they have nothing. And we have got to increase the urgency of the response here.    This has been an amazing community watching what's happened in south Louisiana. Everybody at home talks about the Cajun Navy. We didn't sit around and wait for people to come rescue us. We got together and rescued our own people. We did it. People trashing their boats, putting their lives on the line, their safety at risk to go rescue one another.    We had the Cajun shelter set up where people opened up their homes, businesses, churches and everything to shelter people. Cajun chefs popped out, pulling their barbecue grills out, cooking for tens of thousands of people. And the Cajun Army got together, and the Cajun Army did an amazing job going through and stripping and gutting tens of thousands of homes in south Louisiana.    Let me be clear, this wasn't because anybody directed them to do it, it wasn't because they were paid to do it. They did it because that's what our community is about.    But now we're in this position where the volunteerism, the generosity, the selflessness, it can't get us further. Now we're to the point to where we actually need help. The housing unit progress is absolutely unacceptable.    The fact that NOAA can come out in 2 weeks and say that this is attributable to climate change, fascinating to me. I couldn't even imagine that scientific calculation. This is attributable to climate change, but they can't tell John Doe whether he's going to get a house or not, whether he is going to have a place to live, still living in their moldy homes, still living in a tent, still living in a car. It is amazing what can happen when you prioritize things. If you have a political agenda you can make something happen.    And talking about urgency again, in 2 weeks NOAA can come out and do complex calculations to determine this is the result of climate change. Yet in 30 years the United States Army Corps of Engineers can't deliver the Comite Diversion Project that was authorized by this Congress in 1986.    I don't know how many times we're going to continue this stupidity of spending billions of dollars after a storm instead of millions before making our communities more resilient. It is absolutely absurd and this has a profound impact on the individual lives of many, many folks in south Louisiana.    The parish that two of these mayors here represent, Livingston Parish, initial estimates are that 86 percent of the homes and 91 percent of businesses were flooded. Think about that for just a minute: 86 percent of the homes and 91 percent of the businesses. It has devastated communities. It has absolutely devastated them. It has crippled them.    Mr. Robinson, I appreciate you being here and we've worked together for a long time. And again, I really do appreciate you being here. This is projected to be the fourth-most costly flood event in the United States history. I'm really scratching my head as to why Mr. Fugate is not here today. I don't understand that. I don't understand why he is not here.    This is a huge event. The Stafford Act, as I said before, we are blowing the sideboards off of Stafford Act. The White House needs to send an emergency supplemental request, including the unmet needs package of CDBG and other things to help address this, to help us recover. We need to have a more robust flood protection projects funded like Comite, Amite, Parish flood control projects, and others to help lower the base foot elevation in this region. These things need to happen and they need to happen right now.    I'm going to yield back. I just want to, Mr. Chairman, very quickly note that we are joined by a number of folks that have been down there in the trenches through this disaster. In addition to this esteemed panel, the Governor and the mayors, we have the Lieutenant Governor, Billy Nungesser; we have our commissioner of agriculture, Mike Strain; State senator, chairman of the Homeland Security Committee, Bodi White; a number of other leaders from the State of Louisiana, and folks who have been in the trenches and tireless in their efforts to help recover. And I am looking forward to working with my friend Congressman Richmond over there on a full recovery package.    Thank you. I yield back.    Mr. Mica. Thank you, Mr. Graves.    And according to our unanimous consent request, I recognize the gentleman from Louisiana, Mr. Richmond.    Mr. Mica. Thank you, Mr. Richmond and also Mr. Graves. I can't imagine what the two of you have been through. Again, I've never seen anything like it in my 24 years, and I've been to disasters in the Dakotas, Iowa, of course before in Louisiana and Florida.    And then I have to comment, you had mentioned everything these people owned. I was with Mr. Graves and we went into one house that had been gutted. And you mentioned the photographs. That was all that was left, was water-damaged photographs on the floor of the gutted house. It almost brings you to tears, because then you see in the front yard the rest of their possessions. Just an unbelievable situation of which the public and the Congress, it doesn't seem like it's really on the radar screen.    I'm pleased this morning to welcome a distinguished panel of witnesses. Incidentally, we're going to hold the record open for a week, as I said, for other members who would like to submit statements. But we'll turn now to our panel of witnesses and I'll recognize them.    Let me introduce them. First, welcome Honorable John Edwards, Governor of the State of Louisiana; Mr. Tony Robinson, regional administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency; the Honorable Jr. Shelton, mayor of Central, Louisiana; the honorable Gerard Landry, mayor of Denham Springs; and also the Honorable Rick Ramsey, mayor of Walker, Louisiana.    Welcome all of you. I don't know if you've testified before. We ask you to try to keep your testimony to about 5 minutes. And we upon request through the chair or a member will submit additional data or information into the record. It'll be made part of the record.    This is an investigations and oversight subcommittee of Congress, and we do swear in all of our witnesses. So if you will please stand to be sworn.    Raise your right-hand. Do you solemnly swear or affirm that the testimony you are about to give to this committee of Congress is the whole truth and nothing but the truth?    Let the record reflect that all the witnesses answered in the affirmative.    And with that, again I welcome all of the witnesses. Let me recognize distinguished Governor John Edwards of Louisiana.    Welcome, sir, and you are recognized.    Governor Edwards. Good morning, Chairman Mica, thank you very much for the opportunity to be here, Ranking Minority Member Duckworth, members of the subcommittee. I appreciate the fact that Chairman Chaffetz was here. And I also want to thank Congressman Richmond and Congressman Graves.    I want to thank you for the opportunity to be here today to serve as a voice for the incredible people of Louisiana, who happen to be the most resilient people I know. I'm also proud to be joined today by Lieutenant Governor Nungesser and Ag and Forestry Commissioner Mike Strain.    First, Mr. Chairman, I want to thank you for taking the time to travel to Louisiana to witness the devastation firsthand. It really is hard to imagine what the people of Louisiana are going through without seeing it for yourself, and we thank you for bringing attention to this disaster.    Last month, an unnamed storm dropped over 7 trillion gallons of rain in south Louisiana, flooding more than 100,000 homes and claiming 13 lives. Roughly 30,000 search and rescues were performed, with 11,000 citizens being sheltered at the peak of the flood. There were 19,900 Louisiana businesses and 278,500 Louisiana workers disrupted by this flood.    To put the truly historic nature of this flood into perspective, south Louisiana received more rain in 48 hours than the Mississippi River discharges into the Gulf of Mexico in 18 days. It was a once in a 1,000 year storm event that left three times as much rain in Louisiana as Hurricane Katrina did 11 years ago.    And while the storm didn't have a name, every person that it affected does. Homes and businesses that had never flooded before were suddenly under water. Many families lost everything, not just their homes. They lost priceless possessions that no amount of assistance can ever replace. Entire communities were uprooted, children were left without schools to return to, and thousands of small businesses, the cornerstones of these communities in south Louisiana, were destroyed.    As of this morning, more than 140,000 households have registered for assistance with FEMA. Our early--and it is still early--estimates show that a minimum of $8.7 billion in losses have been sustained in the State of Louisiana in housing and economic impact, and that does not include public infrastructure damage.    To put a dollar amount on the devastation thus far, the Federal Government has distributed nearly a half billion dollars in housing assistance to the people in my State whose homes were several damaged. And the floodwaters did not discriminate. Neighborhoods of all shapes and sizes were left uninhabitable. The story is the same whether you live in the more populated Baton Rouge or rural Lake Arthur in southwest Louisiana, where their residents stepped up and built a flood wall all on their own.    The miles upon miles of sheer destruction is hard to imagine and it is heartbreaking to see it as you travel the streets of south Louisiana. We call it debris when it's out on the side of the road, but that's people's lives. Those are the most precious possessions that they had.    As the floodwaters rose I requested a Federal disaster declaration for the affected parishes. Within hours, that initial request was granted by President Obama as to four of those parishes, and within the next 48 hours, 20 Louisiana parishes received major Federal disaster declarations. At times, we were working both response and recovery simultaneously as waters receded in some places yet caused more flooding in others.    Twenty-six parishes granted in this declaration joined an additional 36 parishes declared a major disaster for flooding that happened this past March. Right now, 56 of Louisiana's 64 parishes have received a Federal disaster declaration for flooding based on both the March and the August events.    Recovery from a disaster of this magnitude takes time and certainly an abundance of resources, and I'm grateful for the help that we've already received from FEMA and our Federal partners and the outpouring of generosity from people across the country. The efforts of local governments, and these three mayors here certainly have performed extremely well, but also the faith-based community has been outstanding. And the people who have come from all over the country to volunteer to help have truly made a difference.    And I want to thank the Federal Government for a quick response. We received word from the President yesterday that the Federal portion of the cost share related to public assistance will be adjusted to 90 percent of the cost instead of the customary 75 percent. We certainly appreciate that.    And from the moment we began monitoring the storm the Federal Government has been alongside us as partners. FEMA representatives were actually at the Governor's Office of Homeland Security and Emergency Protection as the rain started falling and with our emergency preparedness team to streamline our disaster response coordination with the Federal Government.    I've had the opportunity to meet with Administrator Fugate in Louisiana on three separate occasions since this storm happened. I also have had an opportunity to meet with Tony Robinson, who is sitting to my left and you're going to hear from him in a minute, and together he and I and a team of folks traveled to just about every parish affected by the flooding both while we were in the response and as we transitioned into the recovery.    So I'm thankful for the quick response that we've received, but I am under no illusion that the response has been perfect. And I, like you, urge FEMA to ramp up the delivery and installation of manufactured housing units in Louisiana.    While the response in terms of receiving manufactured housing units after this storm has been the quickest in terms of any other Louisiana flooding disaster, it certainly has not been fast enough for our families who've lost their homes and have no place to go. Nearly 1 month after this flooding began, 662 families have been approved for manufactured housing. However, only 48 manufactured housing unit are currently in the process of being installed.    So I'm asking FEMA to explore ways in which it can expedite this process to ensure that those who have been impacted by the flood can transition more quickly into a stable living environment.    I recognize that this is not the FEMA of 11 years ago, but we can always learn how to best serve those in need. We can always improve our response to disasters and we can always strive to make times of disaster easier on the people who are impacted.    Floodwaters in Louisiana touched places that have never flooded before and are not in flood zones. This has put many of our local communities and homeowners who were in compliance before the flood in the untenable position of not being able to rebuild their own houses even though the flood maps will not even be changed as a result of this event. Eighty percent of the homeowners whose homes were damaged did not have flood insurance.    Louisiana has learned from the aftermath of other weather events, like Superstorm Sandy, how to effectively mobilize from response to recovery as we work to address the housing needs of individuals and families displaced by flood. Our State has implemented an innovative housing program called Shelter at Home, and this program enables eligible individuals or families whose homes were damaged to take shelter in their own homes while they were built if those homes can be made safe, habitable, and secure with $15,000 of work.    And the people want to go home. The focus of this program is simple. We want them to be able to go home and back to their communities, their schools, their churches, and their places of employment. And while it doesn't make a family whole and it doesn't fully repair a home, it does help the families get a jump-start on their full recovery. And we're operating this program in partnership with the Federal Government and we've had more than 17,500 homeowners register for the program in the 2 weeks since we launched it, indicating a real desire to return home and to a sense of normalcy.    It is within this framework that we traveled to the Nation's Capital yesterday to seek much-needed assistance for our State's recovery efforts. And I'm calling on Congress, respectfully requesting Congress to support a supplemental appropriation of $2 billion for Community Development Block Grant funds to allow for public investments in housing, economic development, and resilience infrastructure.    Louisiana's housing need is projected to exceed $1.2 billion alone, with an outlook of $3 billion in economic loss, including $110 million in losses to the farming community, and the preliminary estimates of $8.7 billion in damages that do not include public infrastructure losses. The $2 billion request for CDGB funds is a necessary step to rebuilding Louisiana, and simply put, we cannot recover without it.    I'm also asking Congress to clear the $724 million backlog of Federal Highway Administration emergency relief funding to ensure that our State can effectively manage the rebuilding of infrastructure crippled by the flood. Rising floodwaters forced the closure of over 200 highways statewide, including every single interstate in our State except for one. There were approximately 30 State roads that were washed out as a result of the flood. And by clearing the emergency relief funding backlog, Louisiana would be able to receive $14 million from the March flood and $25 million from the August flood to help address our most critical infrastructure needs.    And although this was a 1,000-year flood event, it is imperative that we protect our State and citizens from more extreme weather events in the future, and to that end I join with Congressman Graves in requesting $125 million in funding for the Corps of Engineers to fully fund the Comite River Diversion Project, which has been on the books and underway for 20 years. The completion of this project, coupled with the completion of the Amite River Basin study, will allow our State to rebuild communities in a safer and more resilient manner.    I also believe that it is critically important to address the social service needs of Louisiana families, particularly children who have suffered through the trauma of this disaster. The ability of our State to provide quality mental health and support services to disaster-affected populations is crucial. And to that end, I'm requesting a supplemental appropriation of $92 million in Social Services Block Grant funding to provide support services to the vulnerable individuals and families affected by this disaster.    Louisiana will move forward. The resilient spirit of our people will never cease to amaze me. But we still need help to truly and fully recover. We have a long road ahead of us to meet the needs of our citizens, our communities, our economy, and our infrastructure, and I look forward to working with Congress, with the support of Louisiana's congressional delegation, as well as with this administration and the next, to ensure that our great State fully recovers from the historic and unprecedented flooding that has turned too many lives upside down.    Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Mica. Thank you, Governor.    And we'll go now to Mr. Tony Robinson, the regional administrator for FEMA.    Mr. Robinson you're recognized.    Mr. Mica. Thank you. And we'll withhold questions until we've heard from all the witnesses.    The Honorable Jr. Shelton, the mayor of Central, Louisiana, welcome, and you're recognized.    Mr. Mica. Thank you. Thank you, Mayor. And I will recognize the Honorable Gerard Landry, mayor of Denham Springs, Louisiana. Welcome, sir, and you're recognized.    Mr. Mica. Thank you, Mayor. And we'll now hear--thank you for waiting patiently, too, Mayor Ramsey--Mayor Rick Ramsey of Walker, Louisiana. Welcome, and you're recognized.    Mr. Mica. Again, I thank each of you for being with us. It's--again, I came back just in shock, and this is about people and families and their lives just disrupted beyond anything we can imagine. The human toll is one of the greatest I've seen in anything, and I--again, having been on the panel longer than anyone and around the country and floods in the Dakotas in Iowa, Missouri, up and down the Mississippi and Louisiana and many incidents in Florida, never seen anything quite like this. And we do need the flexibility with the Federal program to be able to address this type of disaster and others yet to come.    We've got to learn from--we learn some from the mistakes of Katrina, but it doesn't appear that we've come that far, and I have some questions, and I'll lead off with those at this point.    First, Mr. Robinson, representing FEMA, we had, last week, 143,000 claims. Is that correct? Is that up or down or----    Mr. Mica. 140,000. And how many of--how many of those have received any funds? At one time they told me about 40,000 when I was there last week.    Mr. Mica. I think that's very important.    Mr. Mica. Pardon?    Mr. Mica. They told me about 40,000, which is about a third of them had received something. And then I need to know the average amount of money, which you could divide by the amount of money given.    Can't some of the staff behind him give him that information? I think that's very important to come to the committee.    Mr. Mica. But I'd like to know how many and----    Mr. Mica. If you can reverse that and give us the math on that.    Most disturbing to me is--and again, we went through this fiasco with the trailers that had formaldehyde, but we knew we had to have shelter for people. We still have a quarter of a million people displaced. And again, the wrong questions are asked. They're living with family. Some of them are driving all the way from the New Orleans area for shelter. It's a situation that is not acceptable.    And when I asked to see what shelter FEMA had provided, this is more than 2 weeks out, again, we had the one--you guys put up the one unit. Now, I was told there were 17 up, and the press accounts told me last weekend there were only five of these units actually up and the others were on their way. Do you know how many modular units are up?    Mr. Mica. Now, that's not the question I asked. How many are actually there and occupied, functioning for people?    Mr. Mica. That's not acceptable either. This is the one unit 2 weeks later. And again, we--the most essential thing is housing, and we had one unit, and that was sold $60,000 for this one unit or more, that's a bigger unit, and that was the only one actually deployed and livable, somebody in it.    We had 73 on the lot that I visited. They are lined up there. They told me they had 250 approved for placement, but they were not deployed. I asked the question: Was there a contract in place to deploy and erect these? They said, yes. So something's dramatically wrong. We're almost--we'll be a month out on Sunday, and we have these units sitting there, only a handful deployed, and a quarter of a million people displaced.    The other thing is these units are useless for 95 percent of the locations. They don't fit in people's driveways. The only place they could be deployed is to--the only place they could be deployed is to a rural area, and we have those incidents. We have 1,000, I'm told, on the way. But the--what are these people going to do in the meantime? This is not an acceptable solution. I talked to Administrator Fugate. It's not acceptable.    I know they can rent campers or portable units. Has any attempt been made to get that kind of equipment so that they could put them on site, stay there, and repair their homes?    Mr. Mica. Shelter-in-place, and I have questions about that. My question is do we have other types of housing that can be located at the site where they can--to do the shelter-in-place, they've got to have a place to stay and live even while they're doing the repairs.    Mr. Mica. Rent is available, but again, has there been an effort made to get some types of units made available, either a call to the industry to help or anything? I asked Fugate about this, because, again, they can get these houses back, according to the program, to shelter-in-place, but they've got to have a temporary place to stay.    Mr. Mica. I know.    Mr. Mica. But that's not my question. Do you--has there been an outreach? Is there a program? Is there something online that tells them that this is an eligibility?    Mr. Mica. Yeah, yeah.    Mr. Mica. That doesn't--again, that doesn't answer my question.    The other thing, too, I heard, Governor, when I was there is it took a long time to get the shelter-in-place. I think it was--the incident was the 11th. The 24th is--was that the date that you finalized the shelter-in-place program? I think you testified to that.    Governor Edwards. I don't know if I said--I'm sorry.    Mr. Mica. Again, I'm told it was the 24th. It was just before I got there because, they're telling--I'm saying why hasn't anything been done? They said that, well, the State has not approved a plan. And I guess I get there on Sunday. On Thursday you had approved the plan, a shelter-in-place. I see----    Governor Edwards. Yes. And--but I would--I would not characterize that nothing had been done before that. There were----    Mr. Mica. Well, again, when I go to FEMA, they say: Well, we have to wait on the State to have their plan. That plan was not--there was some delay, according to--usually when you are have a disaster, within a week you get the assessment and a plan. This is a couple of weeks in drafting. So I'm just telling you what I heard about excuses for them not deploying this faster.    Governor Edwards. Well, as you know, the shelter-at-home program is a State plan, but it is underwritten, for the most part----    Mr. Mica. Right, by the Federal Government.    Governor Edwards. So we----    Mr. Mica. But they have to have your plan before they're--I'm telling you the excuses they give me. My job isn't to hammer you. It's to hammer the Feds. But I go to the Feds and they tell me the State hadn't responded in a timely fashion. I'm just telling you what they told me.    Governor Edwards. And I'd like to comment on that, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Mica. Yeah.    Governor Edwards. We developed that program jointly, and in fact, it was with Administrator Fugate's first visit that we first discussed doing something like shelter-at-home.    Mr. Mica. But again, it didn't--it didn't trigger the Federal action for almost 2 weeks is what they're telling me. So we need to look at some way to narrow that timeframe in the future.    Then one of the other things is, I heard Mayor Shelton and Landry, they both told me: Mr. Robinson, 21 days to have a contact with the officials whose communities are practically wiped out? And then when you get someone there, a contact, they have a contact that can't make a decision. It's got to be essential that we get with the community leaders in these programs in a disaster and identify a contact immediately. That did not happen, did it?    Mr. Mica. Again, Mayor Landry, didn't you tell me--how long was it before you got a contact? You held that slip of paper up in your office and showed me the name of the individual and you'd just gotten that.    Mr. Mica. Yet to hear back from a--Mayor Shelton, how long did it take you?    Mr. Mica. Right. Again, and you described the destruction, your community.    Then Mayor Landry and Mayor Shelton told me we had no disaster recovery center. You had no disaster recovery center 2 weeks afterwards. Did you finally get one?    Mr. Mica. You did. But he had none, and then I went back to the field where we had--we had these units, portable units sitting in the fields. There was--this picture doesn't show it, but there were multiple of these portable ones. And I went back and said: We need a portable unit in Denham Springs. That's not acceptable, and they're sitting in fields, not deployed.    Mr. Mica. Yeah. Again, and we've got a portable unit that was not--portable units sitting, again, next to the trailers--or the modular units. I saw them.    Water. Okay. Housing and water. In Florida and other disaster areas, we're prestaging water, one of the essentials to get to people, house, shelter, and water. I was told it was 4 or 5 days before FEMA water arrived. Is that right, Mayor Ramsey?    Mr. Mica. Is that right, Mayor Landry?    Mr. Mica. Is that right, Mayor Shelton?    Mr. Mica. Okay.    Mr. Mica. Yeah. People in Cajun Navy and the Cajun people were delivering and helping people get water, I was told, for days before FEMA's water, which is supposed to be prestaged, ever got there. And I said: Well, what was the problem? And they said: Communications.    Mr. Robinson, why can't we get--why couldn't we get the water to them that FEMA has prestaged?    Mr. Mica. What happened in not being able to get it to these communities? They told me it was a communications problem. Are you familiar with it?    Mr. Mica. We need to find out what went wrong.    Yes, Mr. Shelton.    Mr. Mica. Again, these are--the basics, housing and water are not there. We've got shelter, which we're paying $60,000 a unit or more, and $20,000 to erect them, and they don't fit at 95 percent of the sites, and we have a handful of them deployed.    This is a pitiful Federal response by any measure. We've got the Federal regs, the little circle of going around about razing the houses now. Something's got to be resolved with that. I don't know if a waiver can be done. I've talked to the ranking member. We'll talk to Mr. Richmond and others, but people are left in limbo because they don't know if they can rebuild their homes. People are walking away from their homes.    I met at dinner with a young man who--and his wife had just bought 2 years ago, that--young people mortgaged the house up to the hilt because they're trying to get their own home. He doesn't know whether to walk, to turn the keys over to the mortgage company. He was not in a floodplain, has no insurance. It is a pitiful situation, and they relied on Federal floodplain maps, and now the economic impact in this region is going to be devastating.    Not only have they lost their homes. They're going to turn the keys in. The finance--financing of houses, probably the depreciation, 25, 30 percent of every home there because of what's--what's happened. So homes will be not only--have they been not only underwater, now they're going to be underwater and people walking away and their jobs.    The recovery, like in Denham Springs, they'll lose--50 percent of those businesses will never come back. It's almost impossible. They lost their stock, they lost their location, and then there are no customers because people don't have jobs.    Well, you can tell this is frustrating. We do have Mr. Graves and I think Mr. Cedric--or Mr. Richmond, we have a codel going down to look at that. Governor Edwards, Administrator Fugate told me he could handle this within his existing budget. Now, I don't know about the CDBG grants, but he--that's what he had told me, so I don't know about whether we'll need that. There's lots of money available, I am told. We'll have to sort that out, I'm not certain. And the CDBG grants is probably the fastest way to get some action because it comes to the local communities and they can eliminate the red tape and go for it.    Governor Edwards. And I would like to respond to that. The administrator told me the same thing. With the budget authority that he had, pursuant to the previous appropriation for the agency, he can absorb the costs that are FEMA's cost even at the 90 percent share, but CDBG, that is not contemplated as being----    Mr. Mica. Right.    Governor Edwards. --coming out of that.    Mr. Mica. Right. And that's a different--there are different funds here.    Governor Edwards. Yes.    Mr. Mica. We've got some SBA issues. We've got--and I'm concerned about, too, I've gotten reports of possible fraud in some of the claims for food stamps and assistance, how that's being monitored. And cooperation, even between State agencies is not what it should be, but we rely on the State for accessibility to some of those public assistance programs. That's got to be addressed, and we'll have some more questions on that. Let me yield now to Ms. Duckworth.    Mr. Mica. Well, I thank you and Mr. Graves for your leadership on the ground.    I can't imagine, as a Member of Congress, having this level of devastation in my district. Again, what I saw was people not whining, people who stepped up to the plate. It was the local citizens, the local leaders to put this together.    And they had learned some from Katrina. And they went in and they gutted their houses. Of course, they'd lost their possessions and their dreams and their hopes, everything that you work your life for. And they're so stoic. They joined together, helping each other.    They've saved the shell of those homes, but we have no program in place to help them really with housing. That's still a huge deficit. What we saw, the Federal response, was just unacceptable with housing. We've got to learn from, again, the staging of water and other essential--I can't believe that that went south on us in this instance.    The other thing--let me just say this too, Mr. Robinson. I talked to Administrator Fugate also about this. There are 143,000 claims, but people cannot find out where they stand.    Now, in this day of electronics, most of them have mobile phones; they survived. Some of them don't have access to a computer but can get to one. But they can't find the status of their claims or talk to anybody. You dial the numbers that are given and you find someone, and they're manned by people who don't have a clue of where their case is.    So, for them to get their home and their act together and their lives back together, they've got to know the status, they've got to get an answer. They're not getting those answers, okay? And I don't know why we can't have an app that tells exactly the status of their case, the information that's being inputted. We have the case descriptions.    I see Mr. Mathews out there, the staff director of the Economic Development, Public Buildings, and Emergency Management Subcommittee on Transportation.    But we need a requirement, almost, for the agency to have some means of people finding out where they stand. They can't go to a bank. They can't remortgage. Should they put the money in the house to repair it under the plan that's being provided? They just don't know, and we don't communicate.    Getting those disaster relief centers also to the shelters. They finally, I think, some of them, came. But we were transporting people to some--trying to transport them to some locations. They got no decisions there, back and forth. This is a three-ring circus, trying to get answers, and no one had the answers.    So, in this age of electronics, we could get some of that data up to a better management of their cases.    And then the flexibility. I don't know if a--will a waiver work, Mr. Robinson, to assist these people on this unique basis? Will a waiver work? I mean, do you have the capability of waiving some of the requirements of--Mr. Richmond talked about changing the Stafford Act. Do you need--and I discussed with Ms. Duckworth. Can we send you a letter saying that we would request waivers on this? Do you have that ability under the law?    Mr. Mica. Okay. Well, I want by Monday a list of any changes you see that the law does not allow you to deal with this unique type of disaster, okay? By Monday at close of business, I want to see from FEMA what's missing.    Do you know--it doesn't appear that you have the information, but do you know that, under the reserves that we have for FEMA for disasters, that this size disaster can be handled with the programs that you have with existing reserves?    Mr. Mica. Okay. That's what Administrator Fugate had told me.    Now, that does not include CDBG, which is under HUD. Our subcommittee has authority under HUD, and I'll direct staff to look at the CDBG, the reserves that they have, and the ability to shift funds into CDBG to meet that on an immediate need.    We're struggling to fund the new fiscal year, which starts October 1st. It's going to be, unfortunately, a couple weeks before we get in place a CR. Mr. Graves and Mr. Richmond and the Louisiana delegation need to immediately address the leadership and--I know they're working on this--and the appropriators to make certain that those funds are available immediately, if not sooner, either in a transfer from existing accounts--I don't know what their reserves are. But that would help with the CDBG grants, which is probably the fastest thing. And these local leaders can get that out and into place.    But we do need to look at all the things that went wrong. The modular units--Mr. Mathews, the staff director, we need to have a roundtable as soon as possible and find out how it could go so wrong to end up with a thousand or more of these units, which is just--you know, it's nothing to deal with the size and scope of this problem. And then the cost, the inapplicability of the location of these units, the whole--and then the staging. What do we have? Five? Seventeen units up? It's absolutely pitiful.    So those are some issues that have been raised. While we may seem critical, yes, we are critical, because we are entrusted with the people to help the people who need our need in time of a natural disaster, and it hasn't worked that way. We've got to work to get it right.    And, finally, Mr. Graves and I flew over the canal. What's the name of the canal? The Comite River. I called it a canal. That's a 123-million--or whatever it is--million-dollar project which would probably prevent this happening again if we'd spent the money, and it's decades that the project has sat there.    So it's a Corps of Engineers project. Mr. Graves, Mr. Richmond, I think that needs to be addressed through transportation appropriations, which underneath that is the Corps of Engineers, Water Resources Subcommittee. Talk to Chairman Shuster, Mr. Gibbs, and others, but then we also have to go to the appropriators, because they're authorizers, to make certain that the funds are available so that this natural disaster doesn't occur in the future. And I think that might be beneficial, to do that.    So there are a host of issues that have been raised today. This is, again, one of the greatest human disasters to befall the United States in a generation or more. We need a better response. We still have people without homes. We still have people in need. We still have a huge challenge before us.    I can't thank the mayors enough for their leadership. What you did on the ground, long before the Federal Government was there, in working with your citizens and your communities. I thank the Governor for coming today and being part of this. And I challenge FEMA that we've got to do a better job in meeting our Federal responsibility.    Mr. Richmond, any comment?    Mr. Graves?    Again, I thank everyone for being with us today, for your testimony, and, again, your participation.    I just saw our vice chairman came in.    We apologize also. The remembrance ceremony for the victims of 9/11 took place on the Capitol steps a few minutes ago, so we've had a disruption in the regular order of business. So we will not be here on 9/11, and that's part of the reason that members have come and gone.    Mr. Vice Chairman, did you have any closing comment?    Mr. Mica. Thank you.    And, again, I thank Ms. Duckworth and the minority for working with us. This isn't a partisan issue in any way. This is an issue that has affected hundreds of thousands of great Americans.    I thank you again for being with us and coming. We've got some work ahead of us. We all will pledge to work together.    There being no further business before this subcommittee, this hearing is adjourned. Thank you.