    Mr. Smith. Thank you. Thanks for having me. While everyone agrees there is something terribly wrong with the healthcare delivery system----    Mr. Smith. Oh sorry. Is that better?    Mr. Smith. While everyone agrees there is something terribly wrong with the healthcare delivery system in this country, it is becoming increasingly clear the problem represents not the failure of the free market but the absence of the free market. This is highlighted not only by burdensome regulations, but also by the difficulty in obtaining pricing information prior to receiving a healthcare service. In contrast, the plastic surgery and Lasik markets, neither of which is distorted by third-party payment government or private, have traditionally displayed pricing and have shown lower prices and higher quality over time.    It is my opinion, the focus on the lack of insurance coverage rather than the cost of care represents a significant distortion by governments at all levels and is a distraction from the powerful, but simple solutions to high cost, spot equality, and poor access that the free market can provide. I believe the transparent pricing of healthcare services will eliminate most of the distortion and fog attached to this industry, government-generated or otherwise. As Dr. Jane Orient has remarked, ``It turns out that coverage is not care.'' Indeed, the first patients to respond to our putting prices online at Surgery Center of Oklahoma were Canadians.    Canadians have coverage after all, just poor to no access to the care that many of them require. The most common Canadian patient story we hear remains the woman tired of receiving blood transfusions, waiting interminably for a curative hysterectomy. It is instructive that one of the fastest growing parts of our business is the patient with an ACH exchange plan. Their plight is similar to the Canadians after all, for they have coverage, but they have poor access to care. Shockingly, they have a better out-of-pocket experience paying our full website fee than meeting their deductible and co-pay using their insurance. Like many Canadians, they have discovered the only single payer upon which they can truly rely is themselves.    While the Surgery Center of Oklahoma was the first to publish online pricing for surgical care, we have been joined by many others, almost all of whom coordinate and share insights through the Free Market Medical Association, a group which seeks to connect buyers and sellers of healthcare services without the distorting influences typically involved. This price transparent, and therefore market-based approach, has led many otherwise price gougers to match our pricing rather than risk patients traveling, for instance, to Oklahoma City for their care and lose the business. Our price is typically \1/6\ to \1/10\ of what traditional hospitals charge represent what we believe it costs to render care without the fluff to build an empire and provide fat administrative salaries.    Patients from all over the country have saved tens of thousands of dollars by coming to the Surgery Center of Oklahoma and by not coming to the Surgery Center of Oklahoma, but leveraging a deal in their home town using our pricing. I have changed the pricing at the Surgery Center of Oklahoma twice in the 8 years that our prices have been posted online, and in both instances, have lowered the prices, both times as a result of the action of my competitors. This highlights my firm belief that market pricing cannot be the result of top-down, central planning but rather emerges from competitive activity.    Our prices, it should be noted, are bundled, including all aspects of care, and are less than Medicaid currently pays the not-for-profit facilities in our area. Imposed, top-down pricing is always too high or low it seems, predictably leading to a surplus of unneeded services or shortages of needed services. Electronic medical records, coding and reporting mandates, combined with low, formulaic pricing have had an intense, and combined have had a distorting effect on healthcare markets and access to care in certain specialists.    As you can imagine, our model has proven attractive to the poor, the uninsured, those with high deductibles, foreigners unable to access care, cost-sharing ministries and charities, who found that they can purchase 3 cochlear implant procedures at our facility for the price of one at the not-for-profit hospital across town and by the same surgeon, I would note.    Our model has been widely popular with self-funded ERISA health plans who are seeing their actual yearly costs fall while achieving steerage to facilities like mine by waiving all employee out-of-pocket expense including travel expenses. The health plan of the employees of the State of Oklahoma is the latest ERISA plan to sign up and actuaries anticipate a $200-million savings for the State in its first full year of implementation.    Keep in mind that without this arrangement, the deductibles and co-pays would have made access to these life-changing surgeries prohibitive for many of these families. In December, we often have the privilege of hearing patients say that they are going to have Christmas this year at the result of waiving their out-of-pocket expense. This arrangement has preserved the budget priorities of these families that would otherwise have been usurped by price gougers in the industry.    Finally, I would like to comment about the relationship of price and quality. High healthcare prices are simply an indication of the absence of market competition where quality is likely stunted due to a lack of fear of competition. Lower and falling prices are an indication that newcomers are entering a healthcare marketplace.    Additionally, attaching a reasonable price to surgical procedure indicates the caregivers at that facility have predictable results and know what they are doing. In the absence of a vibrant market, you get what you pay for simply does not apply.    Mr. Smith. Thank you.    Mr. Smith. Well, fortunately the question I am asked with less frequency is that question, how can we be so inexpensive? Increasingly, the question is being asked of the price gougers, you know, why can you claim to not make a profit and charge 10 times what those guys do across town? The answer is, the prices that we have online are what we believe that cost to take care of patients, and we are making money, so what is not included is, you know, buying expensive advertising.    It is not buying billboards, buying out physician practices, buying out competitors, buying all of the practices of rural physicians so that the, you know, local/rural hospital can be brought to their knees and purchased cheaply by the big, corporate hospitals. We do not do any of that. We just take care of patients, and that is what we believe it costs to do that.    Mr. Smith. You know, many of the hurdles are local and State hurdles at the government level. There are Federal hurdles in that there are so many strings attached to accepting Federal money, and the electronic medical record mandates. Those sort of things just drive up the cost of a practice to insane levels, but certificate of need laws are a real problem. The Federal Government, I think, has backed out of that, but some States keep these certificate of need laws so that entrepreneurs and newcomers cannot enter the marketplace.    There is also the Federal prohibition on physicians owning and controlling facilities like mine, and that has always been a problem that Washington has addressed with prohibiting physician ownership of facilities, but traditionally, physicians have a hard time participating in the bankruptcy of their patients with institutional charges from facilities they own, so there is an accountability there that is lost with the prohibition on physician ownership. I think that ought to be at least looked at.    Mr. Smith. Thank you.    Mr. Smith. We do not have one.    Mr. Smith. For the most part.    Mr. Smith. All of our prices are at SurgeryCenterOK.com. Laparoscopic cholecystectomy is $5,865 for surgery, anesthesia, and facilities. All supplies.    Mr. Smith. On a search engine.    Mr. Smith. I think some of the Google search. For instance, terms, affordable surgery, you know, upfront pricing for health care, those kinds of things. We treat patients from all 50 States. Except for Hawaii.    Mr. Smith. Yeah. SurgerycenterOK.com.    Mr. Smith. Affordable surgery, yeah.    Mr. Smith. Surgical pricing. That is how patients most of the time--they find us. Yes. The two States that send us more patients than any other States outside of Oklahoma are Alaska and Wisconsin. It is amazing just even the small procedure like a carpal tunnel release. Someone will come see us from Anchorage or Boise, Idaho and travel because their travel cost added to our price is still far less, multiples less, than they would have paid----    Mr. Smith. Yeah, it is increasing that one of the problems is there is not a consumer market, and the ACA has changed that in some ways because the deductibles are so high. As I said in my remarks, many of the procedures on our website are less than patient's deductibles, so they can actually buy their surgery out-of-pocket for a better price than having used their benefit paying deductible.    Mr. Smith. Yes, sir.    Mr. Smith. I have not.    Mr. Smith. The plan that I am presenting is the beginning, and that is 90 percent of health care, which is purchased, which is elective, one of the most exciting developments is that a full-service hospital is now working with us to price exactly what you have described, and that is tiered visits in the emergency department. They also are pricing maternity care where almost any imaginable maternity visit and care can be priced. There are some that cannot, and for that uncertainty, that is why we have insurance. That is why we should have insurance, is for the uncertainty.    Mr. Smith. Not the way it is currently. Currently, it just represents pre-paid care.    Mr. Smith. And, again, this is a new concept, and I really should not be here. All I do is say, ``Here is what I do, and here is how much it is.'' That is what every other industry in this country does, so it is new, and there are more and more full-service hospitals that are becoming intrigued and interested with the idea of telling people up front, you know, ``Here is what I do, and here is how much it is.''    For an example, an emergency C-section at a hospital that we work with in Oklahoma City, they have given me prices for that, and that includes the ER, that includes the C-section, that includes the pediatrician, and it is probably about $12,000, by the way.    Mr. Smith. Correct. We see Medicare patients, but we do not accept any money from the government.    Mr. Smith. There are just too many strings attached going way back to how the stark laws affect physician-owned facilities, all of which have very unintended consequences and all of which would prevent this successful model like ours. I also am a firm believer in that rational pricing emerges from competitive activity, and the idea that prices can be dictated from on high is just wrong.    I mean, the prices are either too high or too low. They are always wrong. If they are too low, then there is rationing. Either soft or hard rationing results. And if the prices are too high, then you wind up with a bunch of stuff going on that perhaps is unnecessary.    So, to accept Federal money is to legitimize that pricing, and we just do not do that. I have talked to patients directly, eye to eye, and if they are having trouble that month, I do not charge them at all. It is just the way my great uncle practiced in Chickasha, Oklahoma. You just deal with people as individuals, and if they are able to pay our website fee or some portion of it, then we deal with them on an individual basis.    Mr. Smith. Yeah. Primary care is probably the area where it applies most perfectly, and the direct primary care movement here in the United States is one of the most exciting parts of this free market movement led by Dr. Lee Gross from Sarasota, Florida and also by Dr. Josh Umbehr from Wichita, Kansas. His model is called Atlas MD, and it is the perfect solution for patients that have chronic disease management issues. Patients will pay a subscription price of $50 to $70 a month, and they have unlimited access to primary care, so for the diabetic, hypertensive with a foot ulcer that needs to be seen every 7 to 10 days, that is perfect for them.    Mr. Smith. Yes. We have started an association, the Free Market Medical Association, because it has become so widely popular. People are interested in our model because it feels like the right thing to do, and then there are other people who are interested in the model because it scares them, and they have lost a lot of business to us in Oklahoma City. So, the Free Market Medical Association is a very vibrant and growing organization, and we had our last annual conference in Oklahoma City at the Historic Skirvin Hotel, and sold it out. I do not think we will be able to have it there again. It is a very vibrant movement.    Mr. Smith. I look forward to it.    Mr. Smith. Yeah, the leader in teaching medical students about free enterprise, about mutually beneficial exchange without distorting third parties is the Benjamin Rush Institute, and they are almost heroic in their efforts to bring this message to medical students. The other leader, I would say, in education of physicians who many times have no business or economic training at all, is the Association of American Physicians and Surgeons. And they have been the leaders in that area for quite some time to preserving the sanctity of the relationship between the doctor and the patient, but also to hammer home the idea that an exchange between two individuals, if it is mutually beneficial, is moral by nature.    Mr. Smith. The patients that come see us usually with the help of their family and friends can afford our prices because they are low and in some cases there have been surgeries financed at our facility by church bake sales, so.    Mr. Smith. That means we take a lot of risk dealing with the insurers who on the front end will say, ``Yes, we will pay for this cochlear implant surgery.'' And we will have all the documentation. We will do that surgery; buy a $25,000 implant and place in a child. And then the insurance company will say, ``Sorry, we are not paying.''    Mr. Smith. The prices you see on our website are what we extend to anyone who is paying us.    Mr. Smith. We do not file very many insurance claims.    Mr. Smith. I am sorry.    Mr. Smith. Well, any mandate where, you know, physicians have to spend money that they do not think they ought to spend is a problem. It increases the cost of practicing medicine.    Mr. Smith. I am not an economist so I do not have any idea whether those figures are right or not. I do not know.    Mr. Smith. That is correct.    Mr. Smith. People that search online are many times initially attracted to the price because otherwise they find their care unaffordable in their local market.    Mr. Smith. It is the market at work, we believe.    Mr. Smith. And just as powerful as competition's effect on the marketplace, which drives quality up and prices down in every industry--just as powerful is the lack of fear of competition. And that is----    Mr. Smith. Yeah, and many of the procedures on our website are less than the deductibles for many of the ACA exchange plans. So, people's out of pocket experience is actually superior paying for the entire procedure at our place.    Mr. Smith. Yes. And a consumer market is full of people who actually care what things cost, but if they do not know what it costs then there is a lack of price transparency then they are at a real disadvantage. That is why I think that we need to focus more on what does this cost not does everyone have coverage.    Mr. Smith. Let me write that down. That is a----    Mr. Smith. What is driving more people to do it now is losing patients to facilities like mine that are not price gouging. In answer to your other question, there was not a single vote in the Oklahoma legislature, Democrat or Republican against this initiative with this new no out of pocket for the teachers and State employees in Oklahoma plan. So, there is bipartisan support and there should be for cheaper and better.    Mr. Smith. There is a large group of farmers there, I understand, who do not believe in insurance or participating in insurance schemes is moral, and, for whatever reason, they found us and I believe the market there has some of the highest prices in the country.