    Mr. Farenthold. Thank you, Chairman Goodlatte.    Commissioner Koskinen, you testified in response to a couple of questions that as a result of the Lois Lerner treatment of conservative organizations, several people are no longer with the IRS. Were any of those people fired or did they all resign?    Mr. Farenthold. And you talked about these two gentlemen who degaussed the tapes and you have repeatedly said that it was an honest mistake. Do you know if these gentlemen were aware of the order to preserve data?    Mr. Farenthold. And you testified that you got the word out as a result of the subpoena not to destroy any evidence. How did you get that information out?    Mr. Farenthold. Right. But how did you communicate it to the employees where, when someone who is in charge of destroying a potential media that would contain these didn't get a hold of it? Was there an email?    Mr. Farenthold. So what I am getting is the fact that this email did not get to people who actually physically destroy backup tapes seems to indicate a management failure. So I would ask that you would get us copies of those emails and who they were distributed to.    You know, I am a small-business man, I have never had more than about 40 people working for me. But if we were to get an order from Congress or a court or the IRS not to destroy evidence, we would--I mean, we would probably pull the hard drives out of all the computers so something isn't actually erased accidentally.    As an attorney, I know that a claim of spoilation of evidence really weighs against you. In Texas, you are entitled to a jury instruction telling the jury that you can assume the worst was in those emails.    Mr. Farenthold. I am going to go a little bit and take a step back, because, you know, we are talking about articles of impeachment against you.    One of the things I hear consistently from my constituents in Texas is, all you guys in Congress do is go yell and scream and beat on your chest. In fact, I hear it from some of the folks on the other side of the aisle.    When we find wrongdoing in government, Congress has a limited number of remedies. We can write a law to change it, try to fix things, but that has got to get passed by the Senate and signed by the President. So if it is something the other side doesn't like, right now this Congress is out of luck.    You know, people say, oh, you have got the power of the purse, but the Senate won't take up our appropriations bills and we are continued to forced to do continuing resolutions and face claims of, oh, you are shutting down the government and all of this nonsense. So the power of the purse is basically gone.    We had Eric Holder held in contempt of Congress, we had a Committee recommend criminal charges against Lois Lerner herself, and last week Brian Pagliano refused simply to show up, and the Justice Department isn't doing anything.    So our bag of tricks is getting kind of shallow, and impeachment is in there. And I think one of the reasons we are pulling it out is that the Justice Department and the Obama administration are failing to cooperate with Congress. The Justice Department, rather than being the people's lawyer, are turning out to be the Administration lawyers, and you may be the victim of this.    I mean, do you have any suggestions on how we should get more cooperation from people before this Committee, the Oversight Committee, and the rest of Congress?    Mr. Farenthold. I guess the other weapon we have are these hearings in getting the public behind us on that.    And I appreciate your courage coming here and testifying.    Mr. Farenthold. But I really am disappointed that these things happened, and happened under your watch, and the buck has got to stop somewhere.    And I see I am out of time.    Mr. Farenthold. Yeah, I will.    Mr. Farenthold. And who it went to.