    Ms. Roby. Thank you for being here today. And sitting here listening to these discussions all over the place.    I have an almost 10 year old and a 6 year old. And the thought of one of my children going missing, and you are not able to do anything about it because of what we already discussed, is terrifying. But I can say this, thank you for the work that you do for our country, and I just appreciate the challenges that you have.    I am new to the subcommittee, so I too am not an expert in cyber security by any stretch and it is like going to school everyday to learn more about what you do and the challenges that you face.    I was in Huntsville, I know you touched on, with Mr. Aderholt, about Birmingham and I know you mentioned Huntsville when I was not here. But it was great to be at the new TEDAC facility and, of course, by delivering furniture. I mean, it was not completed, there is no bodies there yet, they needed some of the equipment. But it is fascinating, it was fascinating for me to learn about what they are doing. This is the terrorist's explosive device in (indiscernible), and I also had the chance to stop by the hazardous devices school while I was there, which was great as well, where they train local law enforcement.    So I guess what I wanted to talk to you about was sort of the things that they mentioned as challenge was personnel recruitment because just nationally it is difficult to find individuals that have the expertise to be able to do this type of analysis on IEDs and so I just wanted to talk about your budget requests, and where you see any shortfalls in personnel for this new facility, and, you know, how we can make this vital center a reality.    Ms. Roby. Right. Right.    Ms. Roby. And that is great to hear. Talking about the hazardous devices school, I forget what they call it, but the staging areas----    Ms. Roby. The villages, yeah, yeah, yeah.    Ms. Roby. Right. And we are willing to expand that. Can you just--I mean it is an expensive, expensive school to operate because of what you are doing, but--and the equipment that they use. So if you can just talk about that a little bit.    Ms. Roby. They also put the church next to the liquor store.    Ms. Roby. Well, they tried to say it was like Alabama, I was not going to accept that, so. Okay.    Ms. Roby. Okay, great. Well, again, thank you for the important work that you do, and everybody that is with you on your team, we appreciate your commitment to our country and our safety. Thank you.    Mrs. Roby. Good morning.    Mrs. Roby. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Some of us just left a look on VA hearing about--you know, regarding military families, and as I heard through their testimony and see this amount of wasteful spending, $23 million does not fix our problems, but I think it is flat-out wrong that we are trying to use our military as a means to an end and we have all those budgetary issues.    But when I look at this and I see the amount of wasteful spending that you have identified, those dollars add up and they add up throughout our federal government.    Mrs. Roby. Right.    Mrs. Roby. So is the American people and our military families, when we just left this hearing, you know, they are looking at us saying, you know, you are trying to figure things out on our backs, all the while compromising letting this. And this is the kind of stuff that is in the budget that we are finding. But we need to deal with this, and so I fully appreciate--but I want to find out more about that $23 million--as I look through your testimony--the questioned cost. If you could do into a little bit more detail about where those dollars are formed and what do you anticipate to find throughout the rest of this fiscal year?    Mrs. Roby. That was going to be my follow-up question with you. If you could recommend to this committee where you think the greatest scrutiny needs to take place, and then following up with your previous answer as well, you know, if we could have a more detailed list of where you intend to--or where you found that $23 million and then where you are looking.    Mrs. Roby. But could you tell us where you think the most scrutiny should be applied?    Mrs. Roby. Okay. Thank you.    Mr. Chairman, I yield back.