    Ms. Castor. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Good morning, Mr. Slavitt.    Ms. Castor. Despite countless attempts by my Republican colleagues in Congress to repeal, undermine, defund the Affordable Care Act, the law is making affordable health insurance a reality for so many American families and especially in my State of Florida. Since passage of the ACA 5 years ago, an estimated 20 million Americans have gained coverage through the ACA's various coverage provisions.    And I would like to think of the Affordable Care Act in a couple of different categories. You have the improvements to Medicare, the fact that so many of our older neighbors are paying much less for their prescription drugs, billions of dollars back into the pockets of our older neighbors. And then lengthening the life of the Medicare trust fund is vitally important, all of the preventive care that our older neighbors on Medicare receive.    And I think about the consumer protections, ending discrimination against people who had cancer, diabetes that health insurance companies can no longer discriminate and keep them out, they have gained coverage. And now after a few years we can finally take a true measure on coverage for so many of our neighbors.    According to a recent Gallup poll, the uninsured rate has dropped to a historic low. As of the first quarter of 2016, the rate has dropped 6.1 percentage points since the mandate provision of the ACA took effect in 2014. And our African American and Hispanic neighbors have experienced the greatest decrease in uninsured rates by approximately ten percent. So now we are at this overall historic low in America for the uninsured rate.    And let me tell you the story of the State of Florida, my home State, where we had one of the highest rates of uninsured in the country. In Florida, 1.7 million Floridians selected or were automatically re-enrolled in quality, affordable health coverage through the marketplace. That is ten percent of the entire country, because nationwide nearly 11.7 million consumers selected a plan or automatically re-enrolled.    The tax credits have really helped. Seventy two percent of Florida marketplace enrollees obtained coverage for $100 or less after the tax credits in 2015. And in Florida, consumers, we are fortunate to have a competitive market. We have consumers could choose from 14 issuers in the marketplace last year. That was up from 11 in 2014.    Florida consumers could choose from an average of 42 health plans in their county for 2015 coverage. This was the goal, to have a competitive marketplace so Americans can do what they do best, go shopping and compare. And having the navigators kind of help them through a lot of these decisions has been a godsend.    And then there was the question would young adults, we need healthy folks to enroll and that plays right into this transitional reinsurance. And the good news is that in Florida over a half million consumers under the age of 35 signed up for marketplace coverage, and about half a million consumers 18 to 34, which was 28 percent of all plan selections, were signed up.    So this continuing to harp on this has been a disaster. It is just not true and now the facts bear it out. But I was wondering if you could put this historic low of the uninsured rate into perspective. What does this mean for our country to have such a low uninsured rate?    Ms. Castor. It will be even lower.    Ms. Castor. Well, thank you to you and your team for everything that you have done to help make health insurance more affordable for so many of our neighbors across America.    Ms. Castor. Thank you.