    Dr. McLean. Thank you.    My name is Robert McLean. I am pleased to share with you the perspectives of the American College of Physicians on the key issues we believe should be addressed in the implementation of MACRA and what we are doing to prepare our members to be successful under it.    On behalf of the college, I wish to express our appreciation to Chairman Pitts and Ranking Member Green for convening this hearing.    I'm a member of the college's Board of Regents and chair of its medical practice and quality committee. ACP is the Nation's largest medical specialty organization representing 143,000 internal medicine physicians and medical student members.    In addition to teaching medical students, residents and fellows Yale, I'm also a full time practicing physician who sees over 80 patients per week as part of the Northeast Medical Group of the Yale New Haven health system.    We sometimes forget even though it has been only a year what has been achieved by repealing the SGR and replacing it with MACRA.    For years, many looking to improve our healthcare system have embraced the laudatory goals of the triple aim--improve the patient experience of care, improve the health of populations and reduce per capita healthcare costs.    However, when I would mention this to my colleagues in practice I frequently received glazed looks and given their list of real world concerns such as I'm struggling with my electronic health record--I am overwhelmed with these regulations--I'm given data on clinical metrics and do not know what to do with it--my patients are unhappy because I am taking visit time away from them to deal with all of these hassles, and before MACRA repealed the SGR, they would then add and I have to worry every year that my Medicare fees will be cut up to 20 percent or more due to some crazy formula. In that environment, can anyone wonder why there is such concern about physician burnout?    Since MACRA became law, though, I can truly tell my colleagues that there is reason for hope. I tell them that the MACRA law will align and simplify some of the measures and reporting. It will truly reward those who have made investments in advanced practice structures like the patient-centered medical homes and will eliminate the yearly financial anxiety created by the dreaded SGR. Then those glazed and frustrated looks change dramatically.    With surprise, I'm then asked, you mean that this law really does things that will simplify our lives and practice and allow us to focus more on delivering high-quality care to our patients, and I tell them yes.    One way that MACRA does this is by giving physicians more control over our Medicare payments. As you're aware, the SGR resulted in ever physician's conversion factor being cut by the same scheduled amount no matter how cost effective they were or the quality of care they provided the patients.    MACRA fundamentally changes this because the annual adjustment in each physician's conversion factor starting in 2019 will be based on each physician's own contribution to improving quality and providing care more effectively, giving physicians more control over their annual payments while benefitting patients with better outcomes. I truly believe that MACRA can be a shot in the arm to combat burnout if it is rolled out as Congress intended.    To this end, the college has provided CMS with our views on the priorities it must address as MACRA is implemented. There are three in particular that I'd like to highlight.    Number one, CMS must improve the measures to be used in the quality performance category of MIPS and established less burdensome reporting as Congress clearly intended when it harmonized existing Medicare quality reporting programs into     Number two, ACP is very pleased that MACRA supports patient-centered medical homes through both the MIPS program and as an alternative payment model and has urged CMS to create multiple realistic ways for medical homes to obtain certification.    We are encouraged by CMS' announcement just last week of the Comprehensive Primary Care Plus program, a multipayer patient-centered medical home initiative which potentially could enable participating practices to qualify for higher payments under MACRA.    And number three, CMS should promote innovation by employing a very broad definition of entities that should be considered eligible APMs as well as create pathways for multiple physician-focused APMs to be accepted.    It isn't just up to CMS to ensure that MACRA is implemented successfully. Professional associations including the ACP must do our part. Our educational efforts include online resources, guides, presentations, articles in our publications and practical tools, all designed to help our members prepare for MACRA. This includes MACRA-specific sessions at our annual scientific meeting to be held here in Washington, DC, just two weeks from now.    One thing I would like to highlight is the ACP practice advisor, an online interactive tool that offers practices the ability to conduct significant evidence-based quality improvement based on the most up to date clinical guidelines, improve performance on clinical quality measures, implement the principles in the medical home model and improve the overall management of their practice.    While the practice advisor serves to facilitate practice transformation independent of any given payment model, it is particularly relevant to preparing physicians to be successful under MACRA.    Thank you for giving the ACP the opportunity today to share our perspective on what CMS needs to do to ensure that MACRA is implemented as Congress intended and on what we are doing to help our members be prepared to succeed under this landmark law.    Thank you.    Dr. McLean. Well, I think an APM is a larger entity. For either of the two, let me say, to start off I think physicians need to realize that they need to have a good electronic records system.    Most of what we're dealing with now is really dealing with lots of data and a lot of physicians and smaller practices have not had to do that.    They've had to start to if they've been keeping up with PQRS and some of those things, but you may know that PQRS I think recently showed that something like 50 percent of physicians in the country didn't even report.    It just wasn't worth the effort to them. They'd rather take the financial hit than kind of put the systems in place to do so. Now with some of these things I think there's a lot more motivation for physicians and physician groups to actually do that.    So the first thing they need to do is make sure they have an electronic records system that's able to do a lot of the things that are required here and simplistically.    Dr. McLean. Well, I think the testimony gets into a little more detail but as other organizations the ACP has been working very hard to put resources together that are available online as well as in multiple publications.    The ACP has worked for years on trying to help internal medicine and its subspecialty practices kind of do the right thing through the practice organization. So for a number of years, there's been stuff on their Web site and resources about becoming a patient-centered medical home and on how to pick out health records something called EHR partners. So there are resources available to try to make it easier for physicians to go through some decision making on some of those things.    As we now have MIPS and APMs we're taking some of those resources that were already there and developing them into something that's really germane to what we're talking about now so the physicians can have help making the decision. You know, do I--am I in an organization that's going to qualify as an APM or do I need to kind of go the MIPS path because that's kind of one major fork in the road that people or that physicians will need to decide.    Dr. McLean. So thank you. Yes, absolutely. I think that from the get-go since they rolled out the first, I guess, RFI last fall and the ACP--at least I can speak for them--sent in I think 40 pages of comments and question/answers and received tremendous feedback on that. There's been an ongoing dialogue between our organization and people at CMS, and then with the second round of questions in the last month or two. So as with everyone else, we're clearly very anxious to see what the final rules are going to be because I'm sure it's not going to be perfect.    Nothing ever is. But I think that thus far CMS has proven to be a very willing participant in conversations as is willing to listen and that's critical.    Dr. McLean. Interesting question. I think in the last several years when you look at where graduating medical students go into residency there has been an uptick in primary care in medical fields.    Until that time I think some of the finances of medical school debt and what potentially am I going to go into as a practice situation--am I going to--you know, my income is going to be related to what debt I have to pay was a big issue for I think a lot of physicians and helped drive physicians away from some of the primary care specialties which tend to be lower paying in aggregate.    I think that the SGR being removed takes that cloud away somewhat. Is it going to drive, you know, a real difference I don't know yet. At the same time, I think people who go into medical care now are going into it really for the right reasons.    They know that it's a complex field and it's remarkably complex and they want to take care of patients, and in some cases I think there's much more education on systems and big data and how do you fix populations. Population health is really a new concept in the last 5 or 10 years and I think there's a bit more education about it at medical schools. So I think that they have a better sense of what they're going to need to deal with going forward.    Dr. McLean. You know, I think to echo what Dr. Bailet said, I think the idea that we can take a lot of data that's been floating around out there that we've been collecting in many ways and actually make it actionable incentivize is extremely exciting.    There's a lot of information on clinical guidelines that come out of there. Sometimes they changed from week to week, depending upon the topic and the organization that puts it out there.    But physicians are confused--do I need to follow this or not. But clinical guidelines are a part of clinical practice. There are clinical measures that have been out there.    Some are good, some are bad. How do we use them? If those kind of elements of clinical practice and trying to improve how well we can deliver high-quality care can be systematically kind of put into a situation where doctors are incentivized to use this data well.    The electronic records that to some extent are almost a necessity are configured to use those elements well we can make a part of daily flow--work flow--and patients' care will be better and more reliable and safer and physicians will be happier because they're not checking off all these boxes just because CMS told them to. There's actually a rhyme behind the reason and it's been missing that up until now, I think.    Dr. McLean. So I think that the interoperability is, obviously, a big issue and I think has been one of the frustrations that even as physicians have gotten into electronic health records they can't access data elsewhere, and what I'd mentioned earlier--big data.    You know, part of big data is big data at the small practice level and what do I need to access and my patient, who was at an ER at another part of the State. But then there's also the big data of if in fact my practice small or large is looking at my population of patients and my population health, which is kind of whole other concept when you're looking at trying to deliver good care, making sure that, you know, all of my diabetics have X, Y and Z done because there are people that fall between the cracks.    And until you're able to look at big data and have the analytics to do it you don't even know that. Everyone thinks they're doing a great job until they actually look at the data and they realize that there are things that they're missing despite their good intentions.    So interoperability is key to that and I think that while there are different State initiatives that have tried to break down some of those barriers I think at least in Connecticut it has not worked well.    There was kind or a commission that was trying to do it. It just didn't happen. I think other States have done it very successfully. I think Rhode Island in particular, if I can think of one.    But I think a Federal guide to making interoperability happen because people need care across State lines. So even if you have rules in one State, it's not going to necessarily, you know, work.    So it's really incredibly important to allow for accessibility of data for direct patient care but also for the big picture of big data analytics and data management when you're looking at trying to take care of your population of people.    Dr. McLean. No, no. I thank you very much. I'm very happy to answer that question. So I'm not certain how wonkish some of the committee is.    But when the Medicare physician fee schedule is calculated on a fee basis--you know, it's fee for service--there is every item, procedure, office visit, E&M code--evaluation management code, as we call it--has an RVU--relative value unit--kind of number and this is what the RUC works on, kind of changing and calculating year to year.    And that number, that RVU, is multiplied times a conversion factor every year to end up giving you kind of the dollars per visit for a--whatever.    And that conversion factor was changed--I mean, so with the SGR, depending upon what the SGR kind of kicked out as what the adjustment should be, that conversion factor for every service--physician service was cut by a certain percentage to begin with and then because the can got kicked down the hill it kept going--growing and growing. So it was, whatever, 28 percent in the--at the end.    And so now it's effectively--the conversion factor will be individualized based upon, for example, their MIPS score. So it's tremendously empowering to physicians to kind of think that if I'm actually doing a better job in some of these various quality measures and things, I will be judged myself for how I did.    And I think when we talked about burnout a little bit I think one of the--one of the factors of burnout in addition to regulation and trying to deal with EMR and other changes is that financial anxiety and the fact that now at least they have control over that anxiety I think is huge.    Dr. McLean. I was just going to add I think that moving--the APMs incentivize physicians and physician groups to get into kind of systems or affiliations that allow them to, as I mentioned before, to deal with big data, and that big data is not just seeing how many people, you know, got their A1C done in six months.    But it's looking at well, the people who didn't what's different about them--what happened--why is this group of people not getting, you know, diabetic foot exams.    It allows people to kind of intervene and make a difference in health care, and when you're in small kind of groups sometimes you don't have that big data to do and as I say people fall between the cracks and you don't even realize where the system is failing a lot of our patients.    There's less duplication, which saves money. Interoperability helps with that. I mean, it just--it aligns very many things into one kind of direction and that's really one of the major things we've been lacking.