    Mr. Joyce. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Good morning, Chief.    Mr. Joyce. I have to tell you that one of the most stunning things to me being from Ohio when I got on this committee was the amount of money we spend on fire suppression. In Ohio obviously we have a different problem, and I noticed we were talking about flat funding and the Forest Health Management and Cooperative Lands account being flat funded. In Ohio, we have an aggressive problem with the emerald ash borer.    Mr. Joyce. We have now found that the emerald ash borer is moving to other types of trees----    Mr. Joyce . Including in Ohio, they found it on the white fringe tree? I was wondering what, if anything, you plan to do with the flat budget to help local communities fight the emerald ash borer scourge.    Mr. Joyce. Level funding, in some instances, is a victory.    Mr. Joyce. Have you noticed it spreading to other trees as well, in your research?    Mr. Joyce. You hit on a good point with the sugar maples because that is a big industry in our area.    Mr. Joyce. The source of fires in our neighborhood is mostly fireplaces. Over the years it has been hardwoods, but it seems that ash is what everybody is burning now because it is going down at a tremendous speed.    In the Urban and Community Forestry Program budget proposal, there is a decrease of $4.354 million. While I understand that cuts have to be made, can you explain to me what the importance of urban forests is to our growing urban populations and why that fund would take a 15 percent cut?    Mr. Joyce. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Joyce. No, sir.    Mr. Joyce. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Madam Secretary, I would really like to investigate where exactly this keg is right now. Mr. Joyce. I know you know how important the Great Lakes are. As a matter of fact, to quote you, you once wrote, ``The Great Lakes are a monumentally unique national treasure containing nearly 95 percent of the United States fresh surface water. Formed by receding glaciers, the Great Lakes support a thriving and resilient ecosystem rich with fish and abundant natural resources.'' I would add rich cultural historic, commercial, and industrial resources as well, we certainly agree on that point.    Given all this, I find it disturbing that the President again proposed to cut a program that is producing such terrific results. If there is any program that we should hold up as a model of intra- and intergovernmental and non-governmental cooperation that produces results, it is GLRI, the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative. Do you have any explanation for why we continue to see these proposed cuts to GLRI?    Mr. Joyce. Do you know where the keg is? Mr. Joyce. Thank you. That brings me to my next question. The actual cuts proposed by the EPA include $2.1 million for the Bureau of Indian Affairs, $400,00 for the National Park Service, $11.1 million for the Fish and Wildlife Service, and $8.2 million for the USGS. Can you describe for me the consequences your agencies face if we were to fund the GLRI at the President's proposed levels?    Mr. Joyce. Beautiful, because that brings me to my next question. The U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service has a critical role to play in working with the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to help it understand the urgency relating to the movement of Asian carp toward Lake Michigan. In 2015, juvenile Asian carp advanced 66 miles closer to Lake Michigan.    It is my understanding that the Army Corps is developing what was once called an emergency response plan, but is now being referred to as a contingency plan. The U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service should play a critical role in developing this plan because its fishery biologists understand fish population dynamics, and can inform the Army Corps to help ensure the fish do not advance beyond Brandon Road Lock and Dam. The U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service can alert the Corps and other Federal and State agencies to the urgency of new data that may be collected in 2016.    Madam Secretary, what role is the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service playing in developing this contingency plan?    Mr. Joyce. I really believe this is one of the most bipartisan, as I said before, intra-governmental, non-governmental programs, and we are all working together. We urge you to get on top of this issue because we only have once chance to do this right, and we have got to stop talking about the Great Lakes as a series of lakes and start talking about it as a natural treasure because we cannot afford to screw this up.    With that, I yield.    Mr. Joyce. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Director Pizarchik, certainly you recognize that the imposition of the proposed Stream Protection Rule has the potential impact and regulatory cost that will force thousands of miners in Ohio to lose their jobs and companies to go bankrupt. What are your plans to cope with the significant reclamation liability that will be realized as a result of excessive mine defaults?    Mr. Joyce. None of these companies are going to come back into existence.    Mr. Joyce. That is interesting.    Mr. Joyce. How will the primacy State regulatory agencies be able to cope with the added responsibilities and authorities being proposed in the Stream Protection Rule? It seems obvious that the cost in time and money to the States and the miners will be increased as a result of the SPR. How would this not be the case?    Mr. Joyce. That is why you feel it is necessary to be involved in stream biology?    Mr. Joyce. I have exceeded my time, I know, Mr. Chairman. Thank you.