    Mr. Welch. Thank you very much. This is a great panel, I appreciate it.    A couple of things, we don't have a bill yet, right? So this is kind of an abstract discussion. And I thought Mr. Shimkus kind of laid out the potential for cooperation here. I do like the notion of collaboration in the process, because you have got folks at DOE who are doing their best to implement efficiency standards, you have got real world folks that are the manufacturers that have to contend with the very practical issues of implementation.    Ms. Noll, you're OK with that, right?    Mr. Welch. I think standards are incredibly important, but I don't think they are everything. Mr. Cosgriff, you mentioned that the standard in some cases especially at the low end does spur the innovation. But if you have got something that is highly efficient then it is not going to accomplish all that much. A lot of what you are saying sounds very reasonable to me.    The jobs issue, I think, is not so much the jobs issue, I mean air conditionings--by the way, one the most outrageous loss of jobs is with Carrier leaving Indiana to go down to 3-buck-an-hour wages in Mexico, which I think is pretty appalling but has nothing to go do with standards, particularly since whatever it is is manufactured at 3 bucks an hour has to meet the standards before it can come back into this country, right? So you know, you have a got to level the playing field, as long as the standards apply everywhere.    But I do as a strong, strong supporter of efficiency standards with Mr. McKinley, who has got a lot of experience in this, I feel that those of us who believe standards can work have to be extremely diligent in trying to address practical concerns as they come up. That makes sense to me.    So I have heard the industry folks saying you are not for unraveling them, you want them to be more practical. I am not asking a lot of questions because I don't think there is that much disagreement and we don't have a bill. But one of the things I think that would be helpful as part of this process would be to get the DOE folks in here and ask them what are some of perhaps the congressionally imposed burdens we are imposing on them where you are saying that they have so many rules they have to deal, they don't have the time and the space.    The bottom line here, collaboration I think is really good. I think standards are absolutely essential. I mean, the energy efficiency savings that we have had have been tremendous in--if they are done right it can save consumers money, it is not without impact. We all understand that. There was a cost associated with requiring that automobile manufacturers install seat belts, that cost more money when you bought a car. Most of us think, it is about time.    Mileage standards have been tremendous, that is a cost that has really had an impact on the average mileage in our fleet. So really what I am asking for is to take up Mr. Shimkus on his observation that this is an area where there is some opportunity for us to cooperate, but that means not letting it get adversarial. If there is acknowledgement even from the people who are affected by this in ways that they think are a little too aggressive, to have some interaction with DOE, and us to try to figure out what are the process improvements we can make in order to get the benefits of regulation.    I mean, I will just ask the industry people Mr. McGuire and Mr. Eckman or Mr. Yurek, is that a problem for you the approach I am taking about?    Mr. Welch. Well, that has to be a discussion--there is no specifics here, all right? So we don't have a bill in front of us.    Mr. Welch. Well, I tell you what would be helpful for me if each of you did a 1-page bullet point assessment of concrete things that you think in the process would improve it. Then we can assess it, have a discussion, we can talk to DOE, how does that work, would it improve it or not? What is the down side? We are just having this real abstract discussion here.    And regulations I think are really important, and it can be really beneficial, so if they are not done right can have a lot of downside to them with no upside.    Ms. Noll, how about you do you, what I am saying----    Mr. Welch. That would be helpful.    Mr. Welch. That makes sense. What about you, sir?