    Mr. Mulvaney. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Schwartz, you just mentioned the law and that part of the situation is contributed to by the fact that the law is unusual. And it sounds like if you meet the 10-year requirements and you cannot do your specific job, you qualify, is that what you're saying?    Mr. Mulvaney. Should we change the law?    Mr. Mulvaney. Would you support us changing the law?    Mr. Mulvaney. That's not what I'm asking. I'm saying, look, I've got a disability policy. A lot of folks in this room probably do. And the language is different; you're right. But what you just described, it sounds like it's unusual, maybe not unique but unusual. And the disability policies I'm familiar with say I can't do my job or something similar. What if we change the law to say that? In order to qualify for the RRB payments or the program, you would have to not only not be able to do your job but a similar job as well. Would you support that?    Mr. Mulvaney. Do you think your Board would support it?    Mr. Mulvaney. You're a three-member board, right?    Mr. Mulvaney. Do you think they would support that?    Mr. Mulvaney. I'm not asking you that. And you see where I'm getting on this. People like it the way it is, don't they?    Mr. Mulvaney. The people who can get the benefits. It's a great system, isn't it?    Mr. Mulvaney. Come back to what Mr. Walberg was asking you about, toward the end of your questioning, you mentioned that your lawyers told you that the letters that you sent out to the people who had to re-qualify did not prevent you from subsequently seeking to collect payments from them, is that a true Statement? Is that accurate?    Mr. Mulvaney. For fraud. So why haven't you done it yet?    Mr. Mulvaney. No, I understand that.    Mr. Mulvaney. No, I get all that. But my point is the OIG, I think, has indicated that there might be as many as $275 million worth of payments that you could collect. You said you asked them to collect it earlier, and they said no because of the ongoing investigation. There's no controversy there. But now there's no ongoing controversy, and you could go get it. So the question is, why haven't you done that?    Mr. Mulvaney. No, you just said your lawyers told you you did have a legal basis to do it.    Mr. Mulvaney. That's fine. I'll grant that for sake of discussion. Why haven't you talked to your lawyers yet? Your opening Statement was that you were working tirelessly on this. It's an interesting word by the way. I'm not really sure what it means. You also said you were committed to real change. So, in this tireless work that you've been doing, why haven't you called your lawyers about trying to get this money back?    Mr. Mulvaney. OK. So you're working tirelessly on fixing the stuff going forward but not tirelessly on collecting the money that might have been stolen already.    Mr. Mulvaney. The history is fine. No one is disagreeing with you about the history. Why haven't you done it yet?    Mr. Mulvaney. Why haven't you tried to get this money back yet? Why haven't you talked to your lawyers about it? You're spending all your time fixing things going forward, is that what you're saying? There's just not enough time in the day to fix things going forward and trying to gain redress for past wrongs?    Mr. Mulvaney. Right. And that means what to you, Mr. Schwartz?    Mr. Mulvaney. Oh, I see what you're saying, you're saying Mr. Dickman is wrong and there really isn't, you've done an investigation. And, because these folks have resubmitted their medical information, that you disagree with his determination that there might be up to $275 million worth of recoverable losses.    Mr. Mulvaney. Do you think he's wrong?    Mr. Mulvaney. That's fine. We've done the history. I'm over time. I apologize. I will close with this. Something miraculous happened in this building a couple weeks ago. In fact, I think it was in this room. We had somebody here in a similar position of authority within the government. And she gave answers that were almost as bizarre and indefensible as the ones you've given here, that we've heard about before today. Do you know what happened to her, Mr. Schwartz? Ms. Leonhart from the DEA? Are you familiar with that? I'm sorry, sir, is that a yes or a no?    Mr. Mulvaney. OK. She's gone as the result of a bipartisan uproar over the way that administration was administered. In fact, I think before she left the room, there were 23 names on a letter to the President saying: This person is not capable of doing the job; please give us somebody else.    This is real. We take this stuff real seriously. And the days of you being able to come in and just say what you want to say, completely contradict the GAO and the IG's Office, and think that nothing is going to happen is, thankfully, coming to an end.    Thank you, Mr. Chair.    Mr. Mulvaney. Will the gentleman yield for a second?    Mr. Mulvaney. Mr. Schwartz, you just--I don't follow the significance of what you just said. You said a certain--there is a large number 60-some thousand. And how many of those are 62?    Mr. Mulvaney. OK.    Mr. Mulvaney. And let me stop you right there. What is the significance of that, of being over 62?    Mr. Mulvaney. From whom?    Mr. Mulvaney. Thank you.    Mr. Mulvaney. Thank you very much.    And as we draw this to a close and try and focus on some things we can do to improve it, as we see the situation going forward, Mr. Dickman, let me go back and ask you to clarify again something you mentioned before at the close of, I believe, Mr. Mica's questioning, which was these rules, again, that we have talked about a little bit that seem stunningly unusual to me regarding this occupational disability, and I think you gave the example that, under the current system, if an employee has 15 duties, can establish that they cannot do 1 of them, they qualify for benefits. Is that----    Mr. Mulvaney. Can qualify for benefits.    Mr. Mulvaney. OK, and Mr. Schwartz, I think I will ask you again. This is something I asked you the first time around, which is, do you think we should change that?    Mr. Mulvaney. OK, and let me come back to you, Mr. Dickman, because I think you said earlier that that is not defined in the rules and regs. Did I hear that correctly?    Mr. Mulvaney. Say that again then, please. What's not defined?    Mr. Mulvaney. Mr. Schwartz, should you have all come up with rules and regs on that by now? Is that one of the recommendations that anybody has made, or are you working on that on your own?    Mr. Mulvaney. OK, well, maybe that's something we could look at. Let me take the opportunity then with the couple of minutes I have left to do something we don't do nearly enough here, which is to thank you two gentlemen on the ends for what you do. We call you in--we know you have got a tough job, and I don't think we ever have enough time because we only have 5 minutes--it is rare for us to have two rounds of questioning--to say thank you for doing it because we could not do our job if it weren't for what you guys would do.    And let me add to something that's apparently unusual in this town, which is, you have something that not that many people in this town have at the GAO, and the IG's Office. And that is you have a bipartisan group of supporters on Capitol Hill who like what you do and want to help you do what you do. Democrats and Republicans may have very different ideas about what government should do, but we both hate bad government. Good governance is something that actually binds the two parties, and I think we made some small progress on that in the last couple of months.    So I say that to you because I want to say this: If you have difficulties going forward at the RRB, or at anybody that you happen to oversee and be involved with, let us know. You don't have to sit there and toil in anonymity and just go home and complain that you can't do anything at work. Call us and let us know because this is the type of thing that is getting more and more attention, and I think rightly so.    The converse of that is that anybody who opposes you, slow-plays you, ignores you, doesn't implement your recommendations in a timely fashion, has something that is just as rare, which is, they have a common--they have a bipartisan enemy on Capitol Hill.    And I think the days of being able to ignore these folks, Mr. Schwartz, and this is not to you personally--OK, it is to you personally, but also to anybody else who has to deal with these folks--is the days of being able to ignore these folks are gone. And we intend to hold you and folks who have to deal with these folks accountable for when you ignore what they suggest.    So, with that, I appreciate the opportunity for the hearing today, Mr. Chairman, and I yield back the balance of my time.