    Mr. Fattah. Thank you. It is always with mixed emotions, your retirement is both well deserved but your leadership has been extraordinary. I visited the Jet Propulsion Laboratory. I was on the floor with you when the Mars Rover landed on the surface and it was an extraordinary success for the Jet Propulsion Laboratory and for NASA, for our country, and for science worldwide. So I want to congratulate you on all your hard work and your success at the laboratory, and wish you well on your next endeavor. I am sure there is a second act or a third act here.    But I wanted to ask you a couple of questions. Given the fact that you are stepping off the stage, if you could give the committee some reflection on, you know, we at one point had a lot of back and forth. It was pretty lonely in advocating for commercial crew and commercial cargo in the space technology portion of the NASA budget. Because there was a lot of buy into what we might call the old NASA, right? And so there was this big tug of war that has now been settled and we have a robust, competitive, I think, commercial crew operation. So let us just talk about, so it really puts NASA and the Jet Propulsion Laboratory in the position to focus in on exploration. So if you could give us a few minutes on your thoughts about where we are in terms of the decision package around these issues that would be helpful.    Mr. Fattah. Yes.    Mr. Fattah. Well, thank you. And I want to thank the chairman for his extraordinary leadership, not just in terms of Europa. Because he has been I think a robust supporter of our space effort. And we again are thankful that in the omnibus that we were able to get a very good number on commercial crew and space technology, technology, technology, technology. And I brought my daughter out there because we wanted to, she is interested in Cal Tech. So she is 17. She is honor roll, 99 percentile. It is only between the University of Texas and Cal Tech. You know, who knows? Thank you. Thank you.    Mr. Fattah. Mr. Administrator, it is good to see you.    General Bolden. Great to see you, sir.    How is Overbrook?    Mr. Fattah. Overbrook High is doing very, very well, mainly because of your visit. You know, the science program is much more aggressive, but it is the alma mater of Guion Bluford, and NASA holds a special place. Not just there, but there was a time when over 3,000 engineers worked right at GE Re-entry right there in West Philadelphia.    So, let me just first of all thank you for your leadership. It has been extraordinary. We have worked together on a lot of things, but particularly I am pleased to see the commercial crew and cargo program going well and I appreciate your comments earlier that this worked and working with the private sector, you have a Philadelphia firm that is working with NASA now on new space uniforms for your astronauts. That this commercial partnership is critical and NASA being able to focus in on the things that we cannot do in the private sector and there is not a profit center for as of yet.    I have spent some time, as the chairman is aware, you know, making sure we understand this. So, I was at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory on my last visit. I had my wife with me and we had a great time learning about the great work that is being done, and particularly, looking at some of their science stuff and some of the other work that they are doing.    You talked about the Space Act Agreement. I want to thank you for the partnership with the Boys and Girls Club of America. I am meeting with them later on today. And this worked, and the 4,000 centers--clubs around the country, getting our young people interested in space and science is critically important and we have quite a partnership now of FIRST Robotics, because at some point we have to understand, you know, the Europeans and the Russians just in the last few days, have launched a non-manned mission to Mars, right; looking at methane and looking at some of the questions about life or the potential for life.    And NASA is the premier leader in the world because of the team you have and we have to be able to replenish that team, and so we need young people who are going to focus on this. I have talked to the chairman about this and it is very, very important that we not miss the boat in terms of the critical skill shortage that is going to materialize even more so at our national labs, at NASA, at--you know, in terms of our nuclear enterprise. These are areas--we do not have to worry about the Chinese. We can only have American citizens do this work. The problem is we do not have enough of them in the pipeline that are going to be in a position to do this work, so the last thing we want to do is have made all these investments and then to fall short on the baton pass to the next generation of leaders. So it is very, very important.    I want to thank you for the leadership that you have put in. You know, we talk about the, you know, the rocket ships and all this, but your presence at a school like Overbrook, your presence talking to young people--and your team, I came over and met--witnessed your manager's meeting, in which you place in every single part of the agency, a premium on making sure that they are working to get people ready to take on the work and the leadership at NASA.    I wish you would just take a few minutes and talk about this part of your mission.    General Bolden. One of the things that I think everybody knows is we have been the best place to work in the Federal government in the large-agency category for the last four years and it primarily comes, I think, because of our mid-level managers and leaders, and it is the way that we push employee engagement, making sure that, one, they emphasize the critical importance of diversity, which means numbers, but that in itself is not as important as inclusion. If there is a woman in the room, or there is a minority in the room and nobody let's them say anything, they may as well not even be there. So inclusion becomes the most important part of the D and I that we do. We put a lot of emphasis on it. We have a D and I partnership, that is all the leadership of the agency and we come together several times a year to talk about how we promote diversity and inclusion in the agency.    And I think, you know, we try to pass that on when we go out and--every time I talk to young people I try to explain to them that, you know, they got to get used to being in a room where everybody doesn't look like them, because that is the world and they have got to be able to sit in a room where everybody doesn't think like them and they have got to be able to give them the respect of at least----    Mr. Fattah. I thought the chairman and I were like kissing cousins or something. I mean we look almost identical, right?    General Bolden. Well--but that is sort of it. Employee engagement, I think, is the key for--people that ask about secret sauce. There is no secret sauce; it is our mid-level leaders who actually are the ones who touch and feel our employees every single day and try to impress them.    Mr. Fattah. Well, thank you and thank you for your extraordinary career in public service.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Fattah. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Welcome, again.    Mr. Fattah. I was at a hearing a few minutes before I arrived here with my colleague from Alabama, where we had Dr. Francis Collins in front of the Labor and Health Education Committee, but it is a pleasure to again thank you for your tremendous leadership as a public spirited scientist in leading the most important basic science organization in the world.    I am interested in a couple of things. One is, I am interested, first and foremost, of course, around my number one priority, the work you are doing in terms of neuroscience. And in particular not just what you propose in this year's budget, but how the work that you are doing in partnership with the national labs around the creation of what we have called a National Brain Observatory, how that work is going on.    And then finally, I am interested in the efforts at the agency to continue to engage women in the sciences through making adjustments that have been done in terms of the grant process so that we don't lose women to other activities in their lives, like developing families and so on, but that we keep them, even as they go through these various phases, engaged in--the National Science Foundation, I think, has taken a fairly revolutionary approach to this, and I want you maybe to share a little with the committee on that.    Mr. Fattah. Well, I know that the whole committee wants to work with you in this regard. Our country, in terms of production of people with terminal degrees, would be at a standstill except for the inclusion of women who are now earning terminal degrees in a variety of disciplines, that heretofore had not been the case. If we are going to compete with big and populated nations like India and China, we cannot leave people on the bench that need to be in the game. So thank you very much.