    Ms. Edwards. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman, and good morning. Welcome to our distinguished panel of witnesses. I appreciate holding this hearing now, The International Space Station: Addressing Operational Challenges, and as I listened to the Chairman, I'm reminded that the challenges that NASA faces and the agency faces in operating the International Space Station, I would be more concerned if we weren't able to overcome some of those challenges, and I think it's a credit to the crew and the partners that that is true.    About a year ago, I and the members of our Committee sat in this room, looked on the screen there, and had the opportunity to communicate with our NASA crew that was aboard the International Space Station, including NASA astronaut Rick Wiseman who's from Maryland. I would note that I promised him crab cakes, and unfortunately one of those accidents that the Chairman referred to destroyed my crab cake delivery. But Rick Wiseman visited with me in my office just a couple of weeks ago and we made okay on that.    What happens when you connect real-time with our astronauts who are living, working, and carrying out research in this amazing laboratory that's orbiting 250 miles above us every 90 minutes is really quite an inspiration.    Thanks to NASA, the crews aboard the ISS, and so many school children have also had the opportunity to ask questions and learn about human spaceflight through similar downlink events that we experienced here in this room. Yet, in the thrill of seeing and hearing those who inhabit our on-orbit laboratory, we can sometimes forget just how difficult, demanding, and risky it is to maintain and operate the International Space Station, because sometimes we think it's just ordinary, and it turns out that it's rather extraordinary. Orbital debris, malfunctions to key systems both internal and external to the ISS, and human health hazards pose significant risks to the ISS facility and its crew. The unfortunate loss of the SpaceX-7 cargo resupply mission less than two weeks ago, along with the earlier losses of the Russian Progress and Orbital ATK cargo missions over the past eight months, are again stark reminders of the risks and challenges that NASA and its partners have to face.    The successful management of these risks for more than 15 years is a testament to NASA and its industry and to international partners.    I am confident that SpaceX, Orbital ATK, in collaboration with the FAA and NASA, will identify and resolve the problems that led to the launch failures and will resume cargo resupply to the ISS as soon as it's safe to do so. And in fact, the ISS actually has been resupplied through its partners.    Mr. Chairman, we don't have any time to spare. The ISS is a temporary facility. It's currently authorized for operations as you've described through 2020, and given that the operations cost about $3 billion in taxpayer dollars every year, a cost that is actually projected to increase, coupled with the challenges involved in sustaining operations, we really need to ensure that our vision for the ISS is clear and our goals and objectives for using this unique facility are aligned with that vision.    I'm pleased that the number of ISS users has actually grown. We've had concerns about that raised here in this Committee. In addition to NASA researchers and NASA-supported academic researchers, the ISS National Laboratory management entity, CASIS, has drawn new commercial users including pharmaceutical companies to the ISS.    However, while the range of ISS uses is expanding, the resources to support those activities are not. Funding for the ISS research represents a mere 12 percent of the overall ISS budget. In addition, constraints on cargo transportation to the International Space Station, as well as available power and precious crew time, limit what research can be accomplished at the Station.    And in that regard, I know that many of us want to understand the implications of cargo resupply interruptions on planned ISS research, crew operations, and the sustainability of the Station.    In addition, Mr. Chairman, there's critical work to be done on the ISS in the areas of human health research and technology development that needs to be carried out if we are going to make progress toward the long-term goal of sending humans to Mars.    In January 2014 the Obama Administration proposed to extend ISS operations until at least the year 2024. The Administration has three rationales for the extension: to complete ISS research that supports long-duration human missions beyond low-Earth orbit; to garner societal benefits from ISS research, some of which we see here; and to give NASA and private partners more time to transition to commercial cargo and crew, allowing NASA to focus on human exploration of deep space.    Today's hearing provides us the opportunity to examine those rationales in the context of the cost and risks that NASA and its international partners will face in sustaining the ISS for that length of time.    So Mr. Chairman, we have a lot to discuss this morning, and I want to thank our witnesses again for being here and with that I yield back.    Ms. Edwards. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank you to the witnesses again. Mr. Martin's report of September 2014 found that NASA's estimate for the ISS budget $3 to $4 billion per year through 2024 is overly optimistic. That was reiterated obviously in your testimony. And so I'm just really curious from Mr. Gerstenmaier, if you could talk to us about the basis of your estimates for projected crew and cargo transportation costs to support ISS. And I would note in that for example, there have been three cargo mishaps in the last eight months. Was that factored into your projections for costs? Because it would seem that that alone would then begin to shoot costs up if those kinds of accidents, which one could expect might happen, over the course of operations over another--to 2024. So it would be helpful to know what your basis for those estimated costs are and respond to the challenges that Mr. Martin has laid out in his September 2014 report.    Ms. Edwards. And Mr. Martin, I've heard from Mr. Gerstenmaier, but since your 2014 report, would it still be your assessment that NASA's projections are overly optimistic? And in your analysis, would you factor in three, you know, mishaps, failures, in a year in terms of looking at the costs?    Ms. Edwards. Just curious for all of the panelists, if you look at NASA's rationale for extending to 2024, they include research and technology discoveries that benefit society, enabling human exploration to Mars, establishing crew and cargo to low-Earth orbit, and sustained commercial use of space.    Just curious as to whether any of you believe what NASA's top priority should be. I mean, that's a big list in itself, and it's kind of hard to figure out what should be first versus fourth. Dr. Pawelczyk?    Ms. Edwards. Thank you. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.