    Mr. Issa. The Committee will come to order. The Subcommittee on Courts, Intellectual Property, and the Internet will come to order. Without objection, the Chair is authorized to declare a recess of the Subcommittee at any time. We welcome everyone here today to a hearing specifically on the role of the International Trade Commission (ITC) in patent litigation.    Imagine, if you will, a scenario under current law. A foreign patent assertion entity has their lawyer file a lawsuit against a domestic entity in order to have them take a license and pay some type of royalty. Under current law, once receiving even one dollar in royalty, they then sue a U.S. company for patent infringement in Federal court, and concurrently file a case in the ITC.    The defendant also files an interparty review before the Patent and Trademark Office, alleging, in validity, or at least substantial differences between the assertion and the product being produced. You now have, under current law, three separate adjudications at the same time. Under the law--and by the way, you do not have to imagine, this has happened--there can be discovery, oft times it is simple form discovery by the plaintiff; and for purposes of my opening statement, plaintiff and troll will be interchangeable.    Now, under current law, the PAE could succeed in getting an exclusion order against the defendant. Well, the alleged infringer could win, at PTAB, the claims that the patent is ruled invalid. But still, under current law would be prevented from manufacturing that product, since the exclusion order would be in effect until the Federal circuit gets around to reversing the ITC. And under current law, the Federal circuit reversals, you could be back in district court going through the whole trial process again. Again, if the PTO only rules that some patent claims are invalid or limited, but allows a few limited patent claims to remain, you get to do this all over again.    The International Trade Commission exists for one purpose: it is a necessary exclusion organization that protects American industry, industry being a broad term, from unfair competition; from, in fact, products coming through our border for a myriad of reasons.    It is a protectionist trade organization by definition. And I use that not in a pejorative way, but I use it in a fair way; that in fact, often, U.S. industries need protection from unfair trade practices.    When, in 1988, patents became part of it, most envisioned that you were simply talking about an entity that could not be reached in the Federal courts, that was sending in a product that was a knockoff of an American patent. And in that situation, it would be no different than, in fact, if you were sending counterfeit goods into the United States with somebody else's trademark on it.    The ITC exists, and will continue to exist, for those kinds of protections under any reform. However, in an era in which this Committee, on a broadly bipartisan basis, has recognized that troll activity needs to be prevented, we need to recognize that non-practicing entities are using the ITC not often, but often effectively, to extort additional dollars.    Plus, to be candid, it is our responsibility to preserve the constitutional right of an American entity to have their claims, whether plaintiff or defendant, adjudicated within the court constitutionally established, or often called an Article III court. Under the current law, Article I adjudication is occurring far too often. And not by the PTO, but rather, by the     I will just touch for a moment on two notable events. Several years ago, Kodak v. Apple in the ITC. Now there was a foreign importer somewhere there; an entity that could not be reached; an entity who had assets that were beyond the Federal court. The problem is, I cannot figure out which one it would be. Kodak was not, in fact, a domestic company to any greater extent than Apple. Both of them relied on extensive use of imported parts. Oddly enough, Apple had enough cash in the bank to buy Kodak in a moment's notice. And yet, Kodak went to the ITC asserting that they needed to get injunctive relief, or, if you will, trade relief, against Apple, as though the Federal court could not give them sufficient remedy.    Prior to the eBay decision, we could all have had a discussion about--an injunction is an injunction, whether it is called an exclusion or not. And in the 1990's, when I found myself in the ITC and in Federal court, they really were a question of how fast you got to the question of whether or not you were guilty and whether or not you were--the patent was valid, and whether or not, quite frankly, you were going to be enjoined. But that is not the case today.    Post-eBay, it is not an effective or honest case to exclude a product that ultimately, if they failed in district court, would not be excluded, but rather, would be adjudicated for monies. Obviously, in the case of Apple, Apple could have not only paid all the damages, but could have bought Kodak on the open market.    Second case, one that Congressman Schiff and I both participated in with great frustration, was Broadcom v. Qualcomm in the ITC. Now, these were two companies whose CEOs could meet, 1 hour drive each, away from their corporate headquarters. Located less than 100 miles apart, they found themselves in the District of Columbia, in court, 3,000 miles--2,700 miles away. Why? Was it because Broadcom believed that Qualcomm, a company listed on the S&P 500, was unable to pay damages? No. It was simply because the leverage of the ITC allowed them to go after, in this case not even Qualcomm directly, but products being imported bearing chips.    The merits of this case do not particularly make any difference. The question is, should Broadcom and Qualcomm been able to be in the ITC, while simultaneously in the district court? They were not in the ITC because they wanted or needed an exclusion order for its own sake. They were in the ITC because they wanted to use it as part of the leverage, hoping it would move quickly and bring about a settlement that they would take perhaps longer to get in district court. But ultimately, the money damages would have been the same.    This Committee has exclusive jurisdiction over patents. This Committee has exclusive jurisdiction over trademarks. This Committee has exclusive jurisdiction over the Article III courts. This Committee has exclusive jurisdiction over the bankruptcy courts. I do not consider that jurisdiction a jurisdictional fight.    In fact, I believe that the ITC has a reason to exist. It appropriately is a trade activity, and should be in the Ways and Means. But it is my hope that, through this hearing and likely legislation, that we can, in fact, straighten out a situation in which, if you should be in one court, another court, or in fact, at the PTO, that you not be simultaneously in all three, or that trolls be able to leverage one against the other. With that, I look forward to our witnesses and recognize the Ranking Member for his opening statement.    Mr. Issa. I thank the gentleman. We now recognize the Ranking Member of the full Committee, Mr. Conyers, for his opening statement.    Mr. Issa. John, there are four more panels. Are you going to come back?    Mr. Issa. I thank the gentleman. All other Members will have 5 legislative days in which to place their opening statements in the record.    Today we have a distinguished panel of six witnesses, as the Ranking Member said. These witnesses' written statements will be entered in the record in entirety, and I ask that the witnesses summarize, in approximately 5 minutes, their opening statements.    For those who have not testified before, the lights are just like a traffic light. And we ask you to please go as fast or slow as you want on green, rush through the intersection on yellow, and stop on red. Before I introduce the witnesses, it is the Committee's standing rule that all witnesses be sworn.    So would you please all rise, and raise your right hand? Do all of you solemnly swear or affirm that the testimony that you are about to give will be the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth?    Thank you, please be seated. Let the record reflect that all witnesses answered in the affirmative.    Our witnesses today include the former chairwoman of the International Trade Commission, Deanna Okun, partner at Adduci and Mastriani and Schaumberg, LLP. Boy, that is a good one. But they get better.    The second one is--and welcome--John Thorne, partner at Kellogg, Huber, Hansen, Todd, Evans and Figel, PLLC.    And next we have Mr. Mark Whitaker, partner at Morrison and Foerster, thank you.    Dr. Fiona Scott Morton, professor of economics at the Yale School of Management; Mr. Thomas Stoll, principal of Stoll IP Consulting, LLC, and Mr. Dominic Bianchi, general counsel at the International Trade Commission.    So I want to welcome all of you. I recognize that each of you, perhaps except for the government witnesses, have both your written statements and individual testimony. I would suggest that, if you want to deviate from your written statement, remember your entire written statement will be in the record. But I would ask that you remain within the 5 minutes.    With that, Ms. Okun.    Mr. Issa. I thank you. And if you had not shortened non-practicing entities and so on with those acronyms, it would have been much longer.    Mr. Issa. Mr. Thorne. For all the witnesses----    Mr. Issa. Yeah, yeah. For all the witnesses here on the dais, of course, we are familiar with the acronyms. But to the greatest extent possible, at least once in your testimony, make sure that you describe fully, because for the record, a lot of people, including the people behind you in the audience, may not know the shortened terms. Thank you. Mr. Thorne?    Mr. Issa. Thank you. Thanks for your experience. Mr. Whitaker.    Mr. Issa. And we thank you. Dr. Scott Morton.    Mr. Issa. Could you place your mike a little closer, please?    Mr. Issa. Much better.    Mr. Issa. Thank you. It is now my pleasure to recognize the Chairman of the full Committee, Mr. Goodlatte, for his opening statement.    Mr. Issa. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Mr. Stoll.    Mr. Issa. Thank you. Mr. Bianchi.    Mr. Issa. Thank you. I will now recognize myself for a question. And do not turn off your mike, Mr. Bianchi. I will ask you the first question. Since I think four of the six witnesses mentioned the pilot program: how many cases have been adjudicated under the pilot program?    Mr. Issa. Is one not the right answer?    Mr. Issa. Okay. So a lot of talk about a program that has hardly ever been used at this point. So I have high hopes for the future that it does something, but I noticed nobody talked about the benefits and successes of the program, only that it existed. And I bring that up because I want the record to be clear that it is pretty premature to talk about a pilot dismissing cases that are frivolously brought at this point. Hopefully, it will be a factor in the near future.    Mr. Whitaker, you brought up a point, and I just want to make sure that I amplify it by asking it. Currently, is it your understanding that the ITC does not have to meet a standard of harm to a licensee? In other words, when a non-practicing entity brings a case in which they have one or more licensees, currently they do not have to show that there would be any harm to that licensee, and the licensee does not have to assert any harm if the importation continues. Is that correct?    Mr. Issa. Right, but the domestic industry damage--let's just say that as has happened in real cases, that somebody goes and gets a licensee on an interpretation of the product, and a completely different product is being imported--not in the same market, not affecting it at all--that domestic market rule still is used by the ITC.    In other words, one licensee who may have just paid a license in order to make the case go away, who would not assert that they even believe that they infringed the patent, but rather they simply paid it because somebody came to it and it was cheaper to settle than to fight it, that person is not a participant under current law and does not have to be in any way a plaintiff, or even assert that they are using what they have licensed. Is that correct?    Mr. Issa. Okay. Ms. Okun, you know, you had a very long time on the Commission, and probably the most senior person we could ask for advice. Is that not a question that has not been formally answered in the history of the ITC? In other words, as you as a trade entity have looked to meet the congressional obligation that there is a domestic industry, has there not been, if you will, a minimalization of that test, and is that not one of the challenges? And it is not the main thrust for today, but is it not a fact that it only takes sort of a straw to get the requirement when it comes to patent licensing?    Mr. Issa. Okay. Can you name a case during your decade of service in which there was a license and that you ruled that the entity was not entitled to a domestic market even though there was a domestic license granted?    Mr. Issa. For the cases where the ITC said yes, you have got a license and yes, somebody is importing, but we are going to turn down the domestic market, we are going to find that you did not meet it.    Mr. Issa. Well, I appreciate that, and I want to quickly run up an additional question for every member of the panel. I mentioned and others have mentioned the Dell, Kodak, Apple, obviously Qualcomm, Broadcom. How many of you believe that those cases were appropriate for the ITC; that in fact they were the most appropriate remedy?    Please raise your right hand if you believe they were appropriate to be before the ITC as trade importers. I have one. Two. You believe that that was--okay, three. How many of you believe that it was not appropriate to have these substantial multibillion dollar companies in a trade dispute before an administrative court while they all were simultaneously in Article III courts? Okay.    So I have three, two, and Mr. Bianchi is not entitled to a vote, apparently. Okay, there will be more questions, but I want to be respectful of the time, and with that I recognize the Ranking Member, Mr. Nadler.    Mr. Issa. That would be okay.    Mr. Issa. Mr. Marino, if I could have your indulgence just to make sure we make something clear that Ms. Okun said, is it your assertion today, as a former chair of the ITC, that the Federal court, an Article III judge, has no authority to tell the ITC to stay its transactions, that under statute they are limited and do not have that authority?    Mr. Issa. When you were chair, if you received an order to stay your case from an Article III judge who had the same case before him, you would assert that you had a statute which did not allow you to honor that order.    Mr. Issa. Okay. I just want to make sure that is clear for the record, because it is critical to--I think----    Mr. Issa. As long as Mr. Marino does not mind.    Mr. Issa. Thank you. Mr. Marino, thank you for your indulgence. You are recognized.    Mr. Issa. He was very indulgent with the prior question.    Mr. Issa. Thank you. And with that, the gentlelady from California, Ms. Chu.    Mr. Issa. Briefly.    Mr. Issa. Thank you. Ms. DelBene.    Mr. Issa. Thank you. We now to go the other--oh, no, Mr. Jeffries of New York.    Mr. Issa. I would allow the gentlelady. She actually is chomping at the bit. I need to make sure she gets the opportunity. Please.    Mr. Issa. Thank you. We now recognize--oh, I now ask unanimous consent that a letter dated April 14, 2016, to Mr. Blake Farenthold from a long list of supporters of H.R. 4829 be placed in the record. Without objection, so ordered.    Mr. Issa. We now recognize the gentlelady from California, Ms. Lofgren.    Mr. Issa. Would the gentlelady yield for a----    Mr. Issa. I share with you that feeling that if we are going to have multiple places in which people can seek jurisdiction, and particularly in an Internet age, we have to figure out both the cost to the Federal Government of entities being in multiple areas, the cost to defendants who may find themselves unreasonably in two places.    But I think the last one was the point that you were bringing, too, which was the original intent of the ITC was to act against foreign entities. And, you know, you and I saw in SOPA that often it was a domestic entity that was a target and a foreign entity that was somewhat involved. We do need to recognize that Article III is the right place for domestic entities, and the ITC may have a role in exclusively foreign entities, and I look forward to working with the gentlelady. And I think you have hit exactly on the role of, how do we divide the difference between trade, which is foreign entities, and the Article III courts we oversee for domestic.    Mr. Issa. Thank you very much. We now recognize with great pleasure the Ranking Member of the full Committee, Mr. Conyers.    Mr. Issa. Mr. Whitaker, I know you have been trying to get in.    Mr. Issa. Thank you, Mr. Conyers. I now ask unanimous consent that a letter from the Consumer Technology Association dated April 13, also to Mr. Farenthold, be placed in the record in support of H.R. 4829. Without objection so ordered.    Mr. Issa. I am going to be very, very brief just to summarize what we have done, and Mr. Nadler if he wants to, too. Mr. Thorne, you brought up a point that I want to make sure I understand because you talked in terms of, if you will, the opportunistic nature of how you would work on either side of a case. Under current law--and we, of course, have limited jurisdiction, but we have absolute jurisdiction over the Federal courts--under current law, Ms. Okun clarified that the 1988 Act specifically prohibited, as a matter of fact, directed, if you will, the--an Article III court to stay, and it effectively prohibited them from ordering the ITC to stay their case.    Taking that at face value, do you think an Article III judge should have or does have the authority, given a--let's just use the example you had, which is an already royalty-based organization that has agreed to give one and all royalties--if they go to the ITC, do you believe that creates a breach of that agreement, and do you believe that an Article III judge today would have the ability to dismiss the case in that they are seeking a remedy--not stay the case, dismiss the case--because they are seeking a remedy which would nullify their claim for dollars?    Mr. Issa. Right, and I am using that example because I think it is unique.    Mr. Issa. Okay, but I just want to make sure we got that one point in, because likely, anything that Mr. Nadler and Mr. Conyers and the rest of us would work on would be primarily directed toward the Article III judges and what we would guide them to do. Does anyone here want to bet whether or not the Supreme Court is going to get that case since today apparently is the date?    Mr. Issa. Okay, so we not only have a prediction--we do not have a prediction of will they, but we have the results. Ms. Okun.    Mr. Issa. As a matter of fact, Justice Roberts constantly says that we had one hearing on Chevron, they have them every day. So I would not be surprised that, A, you could both be right in this matter. We have covered a lot of points.    There were a number of Members who could not make it here, so I would ask all of you, would you be willing for the next 5 days to take follow-up questions for the record?    I have a yes from everybody, and I very much appreciate it.    Do any of you need to make a--I am sorry, Mr. Nadler do you have any----    Mr. Issa. With that I want to thank all of you for participation and we stand adjourned.