    Mr. Luetkemeyer. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I would like to start out with talking about H.R. 2987, the Community Bank Capital Clarification Act, and I think basically it is kind of a unique piece of legislation, because I think it addresses a unique problem here from the standpoint that within Dodd-Frank, there is a problem that has arisen with regard to trust-preferred securities that are used as Tier 1 capital or count toward it.    Dodd-Frank stuck in there a date of any bank holding company that is $15 billion or more at that point in time goes into a separate set of rules and those under don't. And what happens if the institution gets rid of its Tier 1 trust-preferred securities is they get to fall back, and there is no provision for that to allow to happen, so they are kind of stuck in limbo here, is my understanding.    And so, Mr. Ireland, I want to ask you if my interpretation of that is correct, and what kind of institutions are going to benefit from this bill?    Mr. Luetkemeyer. Mr. Stanley, is there any meaningful advantage to examine the bank's capital adequacy at a date back in time like this?    Mr. Luetkemeyer. Is there a meaningful advantage to examining a bank's capital adequacy going back in time to a historic date like this?    Mr. Luetkemeyer. You realize then it is a glitch, and we need to fix the problem so that those banks which are inadvertently caught in this trap can get this thing fixed?    Mr. Luetkemeyer. I appreciate your support. Thank you.    I know that the gentleman from Colorado has a great bill I think here, the TAILOR Act, and I don't want to steal his thunder, but I do have one comment about this bill because I think it is extremely important that, in my judgment, what he is trying to do here is within 3 years, have the agencies revisit the rules that they have implemented since the passage of Dodd-Frank. And to me, this is just common sense.    Any time you do anything in the business world, you are constantly reviewing to make sure that the decisions you made are accurate, the decisions you made actually work. In this situation, what we are trying to do is take a commonsense approach to these rules and have the regulators go back and take a look at them. Maybe they need to be strengthened. Maybe they need to be weakened because they are too tough. But we won't know unless we review them and find out the impact, because none of these rules were created with an impact statement, with any sort of cost-benefit analysis, they were all just thrown out there in this bill. And it has been 5 years, so let's stop and think about this.    So I know, Mr. Kupiec and Mr. Ireland, both of you had some very positive statements to say about the TAILOR Act. I wonder if you would like to, Dr. Kupiec, make a couple more judgments on it?    Mr. Luetkemeyer. It is interesting, because I think the regulators, when they go in and examine, they are going to require that the banks review their loan files, their loan documents, on a regular basis, so why shouldn't the regulars go back and look at the rules on a regular basis? It makes sense to me.    Your opinion, Mr. Ireland?    Mr. Luetkemeyer. Thank you. And I yield back the balance of my time, Mr. Chairman.