    Mr. Kilmer. Thanks, Mr. Chairman, and thanks, Chief, for being with us. It is helpful to get an understanding of your priorities and I look forward to seeing you later today at the celebration of the removal and restoration of the one thousandth culvert----    Mr. Kilmer . Which is certainly a big deal in our neck of the woods.    I grew up on the Olympic Peninsula, and that is the district that I now represent. People from other parts of the country often say I represent more trees than people when you add up the Park Service and the Forest Service. And certainly the presence of those forests are important both from a recreational standpoint and really important to our economy. And so, I guess that is the nature of the questions I want to ask about.    The Collaborative Forest Landscape Restoration Program I think is a good example of how government can be a partner with rural communities. Since 2010 you have seen the coming together of groups that have occasionally been butting heads from the conservation community and from industry. The result of that is nearly 1 and a half million acres that have been treated to reduce the risk of fire, and over 84,000 acres of new timber sales. We have just started one of these on the Olympic Peninsula, and it is cool to see groups that have traditionally been arguing with each other trying to work through some of these issues.    I guess my question is, if the Forest Service continues to see support from the House, because I like the idea of trying to reward good behavior, is there an opportunity to increase investments in new collaboratives rather than just supporting the ones that have already been launched?    Mr. Kilmer. Yeah, that is certainly. We are still early going, so we are trying to work through a lot of these things, and it is a bunch of people taking time out to help, so I appreciate that.    I also wanted to ask about forest roads. This past winter we just had some very large storm events that, again, blew out culverts and washed out roads. The concern is not just in terms of public access for recreational purposes. We also have folks who live in these areas, and this just makes it hard for them to get to and from their homes.    We have seen preliminary damage estimates submitted to the Emergency Relief for Federally Owned Roads Program, over $6 million. In an era where we are seeing more intense storms, how does the Agency think about proactively addressing this issue so that we are investing in infrastructure to deal with these severe weather events on the front end, rather than seeing a bunch of people cut off both in terms of recreational access and in terms of being able to get to their home?    Mr. Kilmer. Thanks. I've got plenty more questions, but I want to defer to the rest of the committee. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Kilmer. Thanks, Chairman. I have one question. You mentioned in your opening remarks the value of stewardship contracting in terms of taking revenue from timber sales and plowing it back into that forest. Unfortunately that doesn't work on other timber sales. It is my understanding that the Forest Service actually has authority that was expanded in 2005, the K-V authority, Knutson-Vandenberg authority, but the Service does not really use it. That does not make sense to me. Can you tell me why?    Mr. Kilmer. Thanks. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Kilmer. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Thanks for being with us. I guess the good part of going last is a lot of stuff I wanted to ask about has been talked about, including mental health to opioids.    I do want to talk about something that has not been discussed. I represent an area that has a lot of rural coastal tribes, and they face some unique challenges. The conversation around telemedicine I think is valuable when you are geographically isolated, but is less helpful if you do not have access to high-speed internet.    Being able to provide care in your community is a challenge if your care facility, which is the case for one of the tribes I represent also serves as your emergency response center and is right in the path of the tsunami zone.    So I guess my question is, does IHS look at those sorts of challenges? What do we do for those remote, geographically isolated tribes in terms of being able to provide healthcare in those communities? How can we as members of Congress help?    Mr. Kilmer. I would certainly love to follow up with you and your team on how you work with those other agencies on making telemedicine a reality. I also think we have got to figure out how to make sure care facilities do not end up in the path of tsunami. If you are a coastal tribe, I think that is a real problem.    I also wanted to just follow up on one of the issues that Ms. Pingree mentioned with opioid abuse, and you touched on naloxone kind of availability. Just can you give us a sense of whether there are adequate resources available to have that deployed and to have law enforcement trained? I know that that is looked at as a potential resource to at least avoid fatalities associated with overdose. So I am just curious whether the IHS had adequate funding to roll that out.    Mr. Kilmer. Are the communities that ask for it getting it?    Mr. Kilmer. No one is being told no?    Mr. Kilmer. Okay. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Kilmer. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thanks, Madam Secretary, for being here.    As you may have heard, we had more than 50 folks from Washington State here this week for the 2nd Annual Puget Sound Day on the Hill. They came all the way from the other Washington to advocate for what is not just an incredible icon of our region, but a body of water that is in deep trouble and that requires attention from the Federal government. They have been talking to Federal agencies, Members of congress, and staff about both strong investments and better coordination with partners at Federal agencies so that we can take those recovery efforts to the next level.    You have been a great champion for Puget Sound and its recovery, and I am grateful for that. I was hoping you could just talk for a moment about steps your Department is taking to try to streamline Puget Sound Recovery efforts, and the planning that can be done with other Federal agencies to try to move these efforts to the next level.    Mr. Kilmer. Thanks. It is a high priority, as you know.    Mr. Kilmer. I know that Ms. Pingree mentioned the Coastal Climate Resilience Fund. So the district I represent includes a whole bunch of rural communities that lie in the tsunami zone. Coastal communities like Westport and Ocean Shores are seeing much more severe storm events and flooding and there are four coastal tribes in the district that I represent that are in the process of trying to move to higher ground.    I was hoping you could provide a roadmap for what this program is going to look like if it is funded, and how the program is going to address the specific needs of the communities I represent and others along the coast.    Mr. Kilmer. Thank you. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.