    Mr. Jordan. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Professor Kontorovich, good to see you again. I think the last time we saw you was in Israel last fall. So we appreciate you being here and the other witnesses as well. So let me see if I can get this exactly right. This Framework on the Climate Change treaty actually in a roundabout way is circumventing Federal law and allowing the State Department--not allowing, but they are usurping and violating the law and actually sending money to an organization that--well, not even an organization, a roundabout way they are getting money to this organization which recognizes the Palestinian Authority as a state. Straighten me out on what's exactly happening here.    Mr. Jordan. Right.    Mr. Jordan. Right.    Mr. Jordan. Got it.    Mr. Jordan. Sure.    Mr. Jordan. So where does the State Department send the money?    Mr. Jordan. Because in your opening statement, you said there's a difference between--you can't send money to a treaty; you have to send it to an organization.    Mr. Jordan. Yeah.    Mr. Jordan. Got it. Got it.    Mr. Jordan. Okay. So a different subject. So you have that problem, I think a direct violation of the law we are seeing from our State Department, and then you also have this a bit more, in my judgment, more fundamental problem where the Iran agreement was not treated as a treaty, subject to the two-thirds requirement in the Senate for ratification. Would you agree with that?    Mr. Jordan. Okay.    Mr. Jordan. Okay.    Mr. Jordan. Okay.    Mr. Jordan. All right.    Mr. Jordan. So the last point I would make, Mr. Chairman, is we had this--it seems in my mind we've got the issue with the climate agreement and the dollars. You have got the issue on the whole Corker-Cardin arrangement and what that was and how it moved through Congress. I think both of those are concerns. But, actually, one of the other big concerns is what we learned this week, which is this Administration, with the Iran agreement, wasn't honest with the American people, wasn't honest with the press. So that's even, in some ways, even more of a fundamental problem. You cannot have people in positions, high positions in our government, who aren't straight with the American people. You can't have them doing a con job, which is, based on what we have heard about Mr. Rhodes, is exactly what they tried to do.    Mr. Groves, would you care to comment on that in my last minute?    Mr. Jordan. Is that something formal that they are supposed to do, the Administration is supposed to do with the Senate Foreign Relations and----    Mr. Jordan. And do we not know if that took place or do you not know?    Mr. Jordan. Well, I'm just asking in a general sense. Mr. Chairman, that might be something we want to check out to see if they did what they are supposed to do. My guess is that if they are willing to, you know, not communicate in an honest fashion, they may not have done what they were supposed to do.    Mr. Jordan. That's something we should find out.    Mr. Jordan. Okay. Okay. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.