    Ms. Simon. Good morning, Chairman Walberg, Chairman Kline, Ranking Member Wilson, and members of the subcommittee. My name is Tami Simon and I am managing director of the Knowledge Resource Center and the Career Practice at Buck Consultants and Xerox Company. It is my honor to testify today on behalf of the American Benefits Council, of which Buck Consultants is a member.    Collectively, the Council's members either sponsor directly or provide services to employee benefit plans that cover over one million Americans. Many of the council's members are at the forefront of developing wellness programs to help employees live healthier lives.    I have three points that I would like to share with you today. First, why are wellness programs good for America? Second, what are the current challenges that employers are facing with their wellness programs today? And third, why is legislation necessary?    First, why are wellness programs good for America? Wellness programs help achieve better health outcomes for employees and also have the potential to increase employee productivity by helping to reduce absenteeism due to sickness and disability, improve workforce morale and engagement, and reduce health care spending.    The prospect of a healthier workforce has compelled a growing number of companies to develop and implement wellness strategies; 65 percent of respondents to Buck's 2014 wellness survey indicated that they have a wellness strategy. That is up from 49 percent in 2007. Other surveys estimate that more than 75 percent of U.S. employees now have access to wellness programs.    A critical component of encouraging employers to offer meaningful wellness programs is consistent federal policy that promotes the health of Americans and is aligned across multiple agencies and Congress.    As such, employers applaud Congress for working on a bipartisan basis to craft the wellness provision in the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act that built on the existing wellness program framework created by HIPAA. This is a rare bipartisan provision in the controversial health care reform law and reflects Congress' approval of offering incentives for health-contingent wellness programs.    Now, as you may recall, HIPAA prohibits group health plan wellness programs from discriminating against individuals in eligibility, benefits, and premiums based on a health factor, which includes, among other things, disability. And for many such programs, the law imposes financial limits, notice obligations, and alternative standards for those unable to meet the program standards.    HIPAA also contains privacy and security rules protecting individual health information. Information that is obtained through a wellness program is part of the group health plan, can't be used without an authorization for any reason other than treatment, payment, or health care operations.    So what is the current challenge? Notwithstanding employers' interest in establishing legally compliant wellness programs and the bipartisan support of Congress and the administration, a great deal of uncertainty exists in current EEOC guidance regarding what constitutes a voluntary wellness program under the Americans with Disability Act and how the Genetic Information Nondiscrimination Act applies to common wellness program designs.    This legal uncertainty has been exacerbated by enforcement actions initiated by the EEOC regional offices against some employers' HIPAA and PPACA-compliant wellness programs. These actions allege that incentives or penalties associated with participation in a group health plan's wellness program violate the ADA and GINA.    These actions have had a chilling effect on employer wellness programs.    To put it more plainly, currently employers just don't know what to do. On the one hand, they are designing programs that comply with HIPAA and PPACA's clear and comprehensive nondiscrimination rules, but on the other hand, still face the risk of litigation for not complying with EEOC's unclear standards. This is very frustrating for employers that care about the well-being of their employees and take seriously their compliance obligations.    So what is the solution? Chairman Kline has introduced the Preserving Employee Wellness Programs Act of 2015, or H.R. 1189, which supports the existing HIPAA and PPACA legislative framework with regard to wellness programs, striking, we believe, the right balance between providing certainty to employers and ensuring an appropriate role for the EEOC to protect employees from discrimination.    The council fully supports advancement of H.R. 1189 and urges members of the subcommittee and full committee to please join Chairman Kline as cosponsors.    Thank you for the opportunity to testify, and the council and I look forward to working with you to restore certainty to employers focusing on improving the health of their workforce.    Ms. Simon. Thank you, Chairman Kline, for your question. Great question.    And, you know, I look forward to seeing that EEOC guidance very much. We have certainly been waiting a long time for it. And hopefully it is going to prove to be as responsive and as flexible as your bill without placing any new requirements on employers.    In our opinion, the EEOC should deem employer-sponsored group health plan wellness programs that offer incentives and are currently compliant with HIPAA and PPACA as meeting the wellness exception of the ADA and GINA.    You know, employers are investing significant resources and compliance efforts into their wellness programs to ensure that all employees can take advantage of them and so that all of them are treated fairly. And what they really need is comprehensive, workable, and consistent standards to follow, and they need those right now.    Ms. Simon. Again, thank you. That is a very important question and one that certainly employers take very seriously.    If a program--a wellness program--is part of the group health plan then it would be covered by the HIPAA privacy and security rules, which I mentioned earlier in my testimony. Now, that rule says that the information could not be used without an express authorization for anything other than treatment, payment, or health care operations, as set forth in that law. Thus, nobody outside of that HIPAA firewall would be able to discuss that information for purposes other than those that are intended within the group health plan.    The rules are very, very specific and put the onus on the covered entity--and in this case it is the group health plan--to protect the information as mandated by HIPAA. And the law requires extensive policies and procedures to be drafted and met, notice to be given to plan participants, risk assessments to be completed, and training to be provided to any individuals handling the protected health information. Your bill is aimed at wellness programs provided under a group health plan, so the HIPAA rules do, in fact, provide that protection.    In most cases, with large employers there is usually a wellness vendor that is the go-between the employee and the employer, and so it would be considered a HIPAA business associate. While that vendor is technically an agent of the employer, most contracts specify that the employer will really only receive information that is de-identified from that vendor.    And so business associates, because they are held as liable and to that same threshold as covered entities under HIPAA, we are hoping that then any third party that does have a business associate agreement with the group health plan would be held to that same level, that same standard, and the information would then, of course, be protected.    Ms. Simon. Well, actually, if you don't mind, I wouldn't mind commenting a little bit on your question about voluntariness.    Ms. Simon. You know, I think that we understand the term ``voluntary,'' as used, certainly, in the medical examination and disability inquiry provisions. I think that the first question to ask is, does the provision, under the ADA and also when we are talking about GINA, allow voluntary to first have a dollar figure attached to it, which seems to be one of the first issues that we hear about in the employer community.    And the answer to that question was actually answered in GINA guidance, where the EEOC shows how an HRA can legally ask about health conditions and offer a $150 incentive so long as the questions related to family medical history aren't required to be answered to receive the financial inducement. The quote is: ``We have concluded that covered entities may offer certain kinds of financial inducement to encourage participation in health services under certain circumstances.''    So first, with respect to voluntariness, we know that a financial incentive would probably be okay. So then the next question is, how much?    Ms. Simon. Yes.    Ms. Simon. Yes. Yes. And I can give you citations for the record if you would like.    So the next question is, how much of a financial incentive would be okay for the incentive to be considered voluntary, because clearly the $150 figure was just illustrative. And to that we can again turn to other agencies and your congressional intent and point to the 30 and 50 percent rule under HIPAA.    Even though the HIPAA rule doesn't actually use the word----    Ms. Simon. That is absolutely correct.