    Ms. Glaser. Chairman Salmon, Ranking Member Sherman, and distinguished members of the subcommittee, I am honored to have the opportunity to testify today on this very important issue.    As so many of you have already pointed out, cooperation from China, North Korea's main benefactor, is essential to achieving a nuclear-free peninsula. China is North Korea's biggest trading partner. It accounts for 90 percent of North Korea's global trade, provides at least 70 percent of North Korea's crude oil requirements, some 80 percent of its consumer goods, approximately 45 percent of its food, and Chinese investment accounts for almost 95 percent of foreign direct investment in North Korea.    The U.S. should not expect Beijing to completely abandon its ally and forge a common strategy with Washington to squeeze North Korea until it gives up its nuclear weapons or collapses. But it may be possible to persuade China to strictly comply with its existing international commitments to further tighten sanctions on North Korea and to reduce its support or make continued support contingent on specific actions by Pyongyang to return to its denuclearization pledges.    To elicit greater cooperation, the U.S. must attach high priority to North Korea on the U.S.-China agenda, especially in summit meetings between our Presidents, U.S. and Chinese leaders. Cooperation on North Korea should be identified as a litmus test of the proposition that the United States and China can work together where their interests overlap, and the U.S. should then take the following steps.    First, the U.S. should call out China for its failure to enforce existing U.N. sanctions. North Korea has deep networks with Chinese companies and uses these relationships to procure prohibited items from all over the world, routing them through China before onward shipment to North Korea. Designated North Korean entities continue to do business with Chinese companies and visit Chinese ports. North Koreans are reportedly still able to conduct banking transactions in small banks operating in Northeast China along the border. China does not enforce the ban on luxury goods.    Second, the U.S. should press Beijing to agree to the designation of more North Korean individuals and entities in new U.N. Security Council resolution.    Third, the U.S. should encourage Beijing to use its leverage over North Korea in targeted ways to pressure for change in its behavior. China could refuse to engage in new economic projects with North Korea until the government returns to negotiations in good faith. Beijing could reduce the flow of Chinese tourists to North Korea, which has become a significant source of foreign exchange.    Fourth, the United States should encourage China to leverage its assistance to North Korea to influence its behavior. So to deter North Korean long-range missile launches and nuclear tests, China could agree to warn Pyongyang that future provocations would be followed by a cutback in Chinese aid. Beijing could also insist that Pyongyang return to its commitments under the Six Party talks or face substantial reductions in deliveries of crude oil, kerosene, diesel, and gasoline.    And, fifth, the U.S. should press China to not obstruct discussion in U.N. bodies on human rights abuses in North Korea. And my colleague, Victor Cha, has already underscored North Korea's sensitivity to this issue.    Securing cooperation from China to increase pressure on North Korea may be more feasible than in the past. Xi Jinping is a decisive and bold leader who has a clear vision of what is needed to achieve what he calls the ``Chinese dream,'' the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation. And under Xi's leadership, China has embarked on an effort to end the special relationship of the past between Beijing and Pyongyang and replace it with a normal state-to- state relationship.    Widely viewed as the most powerful leader China has had since Deng Xiaoping, Xi Jinping has sufficient clout to overrule opposition from potent constituencies in China that would resist a tougher stance toward North Korea, especially in the party and the military.    Beijing is not prepared to assume sole responsibility for addressing the North Korean nuclear threat, but China might be willing to do more along the lines that I have outlined if it believes that the U.S. has an effective strategy, is prioritizing the goal of creating a non-nuclear Korean peninsula, and does not seek to use the Korean peninsula to harm Chinese interests.    What does China want? A balance of power in Northeast Asia that is favorable to Chinese interests, and certainly does not threaten Chinese interests.    I believe China does not adamantly oppose Korean unification, but the known burdens and dangers of the status quo today are less risky for China than the uncertainty that unification may bring for Chinese interests.    And I look forward to the discussion. Thank you again.    Ms. Glaser. Congressman, I think that this also takes us back to the issue of China where there are so many of these small banks that exist along the border, and sometimes they shut down and they pop up someplace else, maybe even, you know, half a mile down the road.    There are some journalists who have gotten into some of these banks and pretended to make transactions just to demonstrate how easy it is to transfer money to North Korea. So, again, this goes back to the issue you raised earlier of shutting down these banking transactions, putting sanctions on these banks.    It is just essential to get the Chinese to comply with the sanctions that are already on the books that the Chinese have supported in the United Nations. And when it comes to things like luxury goods, just inspections along a border, they are episodic. There are times that the Chinese appear to want to signal the North Koreans that they are dissatisfied with something, and then they go back to business as usual.    Ms. Glaser. Yes. Yes, I would agree with you, Congressman. I don't know what North Korea has to sell that we can choke off, but----    Ms. Glaser. There are some very important differences, of course, between North Korea and Iran, beginning with the fact that North Korea has nuclear weapons and has tested them and Iran has not. But, at the same time, I would agree with the points that have been made by Bruce Klingner and Victor Cha that there are mechanisms that we have used, sanctions that we have used, executive authorities we have used, against Iran that exist that we have not used against North Korea.    So there are many more ways that we could pressure North Korea, that we have applied to Iran I believe fairly successfully, but have not applied to North Korea.    Ms. Glaser. My view is that it must be part of any strategy. In itself, if we are not offering North Korea some positive vision of the future, then pressure/sanctions are unlikely to work.    Ms. Glaser. Alone.    Ms. Glaser. But I believe that the United States, under this administration and prior administrations, had made it quite clear to North Korea that there are many things that we can put on the table, security assurances, assistance, diplomatic relations. There is such thing as a--if you want to call it a grand bargain.    The North Koreans are aware that there would be benefits for them if they give up their nuclear weapons. So pressure, by itself, of course will not work, but pressure/sanctions must be part of any strategy.    Ms. Glaser. Well, the Chinese, as I said in my earlier remarks, have enormous potential leverage. They are unwilling to use it. And because the Chinese are fearful of instability in North Korea, the leverage they have in essence becomes North Korea's leverage over them. Kim Jong Un and even his father I think have done quite a good job of playing a very weak hand, not only with the United States and other countries but particularly with China.    And so the North Koreans I think occasionally cause trouble for China in a variety of ways along the border, and in terms of the threats that they make toward South Korea. The Chinese need I think to be motivated to use the pressure that they have, and I don't think we have done a very good job of doing that.    I agree that we should not be self-deterred in putting pressure on China. We should not be worried that if we put pressure on China on this issue that they will somehow not cooperate with us on climate change, or Iran, for example. We can use pressure, if properly applied and well-timed, I think can have an impact on Chinese behavior.    And I would cite the example of when Xi Jinping was preparing to come to the United States last September, and the administration considered imposing cyber sanctions and had the executive authorities to do so. And the Chinese got very motivated to set up a new mechanism to send a standing member of the Politburo to discuss this issue.    Now, this may not in the end solve the problem of the cyber hacking and cyber-enabled theft, and I think we certainly have to keep their feet to the fire on that issue. But the point is that when you threaten sanctions, when you have the executive authorities to do so, and the Chinese take you seriously, that, yes, you can motivate their behavior.    There was also the discussion earlier about bolstering missile defense in the region, and I do think that taking steps that defend American interests and the interests of our allies, and if they happen to create a more negative security environment for China in the region, that may motivate the Chinese to do more as well. This is not something that they want to see. It doesn't benefit their interest.    Ms. Glaser. It is also disheartening to me that there is an underappreciation for how much of a threat North Korea's nuclear weapons poses, and of course Israel does such a terrific job in Congress and in the American public at large, I think more can be done in the area of public education, and certainly hearings such as this and on North Korea's human rights record I think would be very important in highlighting this issue.    More actions up at the United Nations as well to get more people involved in this discussion. Help people to understand that we need to really--to dissect what the threat is, see that it is increasingly an existential threat, and not just put this on the back burner. So I completely agree with--I share your concern.    Ms. Glaser. On the issue of engagement, Congressman, as we talked about earlier, we have to have a strategy that deals with--that is composed of engagement as well as coercive steps. As far as I understand, the United States engages with North Korea. We have the channel in New York. We do talk to the North Koreans.    But I think we have to be careful about agreeing to revive, you know, the Six Party talks mechanism, as the Chinese often encourage us to do, in the absence of some return to the commitments that the North Koreans made under the 2005 and other agreements.    Now, the North Koreans want to engage in dialogue so that they can get a peace treaty and be recognized as a nuclear weapon state. I think that is a bad outcome for the United States and our interests and our allies.    So we have to engage North Korea in a way that they understand that there are steps that they have to take. They have to go back to these commitments of giving up nuclear weapons. And if they are willing to go ahead with a freeze as a first step toward--with the understanding that the goal is that they eventually give them up, then I think the United States has always been willing to work with that.    I don't think there are signs that under Kim Jong Un that the North Koreans are willing to engage in serious negotiations with the end goal of denuclearizing the peninsula. So I think that engagement, yes, but we have to be careful about how we use it.    Ms. Glaser. If I could just add briefly, Congressman, President Park has attached a great deal of priority to China, hopes to gain China's support ultimately for reunification, but also in the near term for putting more pressure on China. And I agree with my colleagues that I think that is the main issue with THAAD. I don't think that President Park is unmovable on this issue, and with the growing threat she may agree.    But the Chinese seek to weaken U.S. alliances, and this is a major problem in trying to deal with the North Korea problem. Unless we can have a bigger strategy with the Chinese, make this a priority, and perhaps give China some of the reassurances that Congressman Sherman was talking about earlier, if we really have a reunified peninsula and we don't need to necessarily have troops along China's border.    The Chinese are very concerned, though, that the situation could be far more detrimental to them today than--in the future than it is today.    I also think there is an issue with the United States giving China credit for very small steps it takes--for example, supporting a U.N. Security Council Resolution--that it has diluted, prevented the application, for example, of economic sanctions, banking sanctions, just because the United States wants to isolate North Korea, and that is a valuable goal.    Yes, we should seek to isolate North Korea, but at the same time we should be putting far greater pressure on China to do more. And the Chinese believe that the United States is not prioritizing this issue. They see us as having put this on the back burner, and so little incentive for them to attach a priority to it either.