    Ms. Ricks. Good morning, Chairman Rokita, Ranking Member Fudge, and members of the subcommittee. Thank you for the opportunity to submit testimony to the Committee on Education and the Workforce and to share my perspective on improving career and technical education to help students succeed in the workforce. Specifically, I will discuss the role of the importance of technical education in the development of career pathways in nontraditional fields for underrepresented groups.    For more than 25 years I have served as an educator, advocate, and social science researcher. I currently serve as the director of Diversity in Life Sciences for Keystone Symposia on Molecular and Cellular Biology in Silverthorne, Colorado. My responsibility is to manage programs to serve underrepresented, or what we call UR students, postdoctoral Fellows, and early career scientists, including our flagship Fellows programs for UR assistant professors and research scientists. Many of the UR researchers who participate in our meetings and professional development programs come from public and private universities in States represented by members of this committee, including but not limited to institutions such as Emory, Stanford, the University of Pennsylvania, the University of Virginia, the University of Wisconsin, Madison, and Michigan State University.    I am also a member of the Board of Directors of the Augustus F. Hawkins Foundation, a public education and workforce foundation founded by and subsequently named after the former chairman of this distinguished committee.    In the past, career and technical education, or CTE, was associated with vocational education as a training platform for low-income and immigrant populations who had little access to more highly paid jobs that require formal postsecondary education. And in the past, CTE teachers were fairly low-salary workers. But according to 2012 Bureau of Labor Statistics, the median salary for CTE teachers was $51,910, placing those teachers squarely into the American middle class.    A 2014 U.S. Census report cited statistics that non-Hispanic Asians were most likely to hold a bachelor's degree or higher, followed by non-Hispanic whites. While 31 percent of Asians hold a bachelor's degree as their highest level of attainment and 18 percent hold an advanced degree, 20 percent of non-Hispanic whites hold a bachelor's degree and 12 percent an advanced degree.    However, Blacks and Hispanics of any race were most concentrated at lower levels of educational attainment. Only 39 percent of Blacks and Hispanics reported high school completion as their highest level of traditional educational attainment, and 13 percent of blacks and 28 percent of Hispanics or Latinos did not complete high school at all.    When you total this, nearly 41 percent of minorities, African Americans and Latinos, don't complete high school. These are shocking numbers for any Nation, but for the most industrialized Nation in the world, an inability to ensure secondary educational completion signals a critical failure in the system. If students are unable to master basic skill sets--that's reading, writing, computation, and critical thinking--it is far more difficult for them to secure and sustain gainful employment.    However, one of the advantages of CTE is its emphasis on technical training and soft skills development, such as interviewing techniques, job persistence, and interpersonal communication. Short-term education is a possible way to lift groups, including Latinos and African Americans with low levels of educational attainment, into better economic standing. Recent economic challenges have pushed many Americans towards short-term education options and this short-term education may pay off. CTE programs and the credentials that they offer provide access to higher wages, higher-demand jobs, particularly in emerging industry sectors. Almost 30 percent of people with less than an associate's degree, including licenses and certificates, earn more than many of the average bachelor degree recipients.    It is a fact that many Americans do not attend college. However, as a birthright, every American expects to have a job that allows them to feed their families, have access to affordable health care, and live with dignity. Fortunately, although CTE was once stigmatized and relegated to the dungeons of education, it is now considered as a viable opportunity for both nontraditional and college-bound students. In fact, just this year, the United States Presidential Scholars Program established a new category of outstanding scholars in CTE.    The resurgence of apprenticeship programs is a welcome addition to the CTE portfolio, and I am pleased that legislation such as the Apprenticeship and Jobs Training Act of 2015 are gaining currency. I thank the members of the committee for the opportunity to share a realistic perspective of how CTE can serve as a transformative toolkit for the education and workforce development of U.S. current and future labor markets. I look forward to your questions.    Ms. Ricks. It's actually quite critical that the basic skills are adopted in the CTE programs, because one of the things that employers are finding, and it doesn't matter what industry, including the biomedical sciences, is that students are coming into the workforce very poorly prepared to write, to think critically, to be creative in the ways that they approach a problem.    So CTE curricula typically offer those kinds of opportunities for their participants. So they build in on-the-job training, so they give them scenarios, they set up case studies for them to learn how to learn on the job. And I think that that is critical. I think it's critical for everyone.    Even in the industry that I've been working in for the last 20 years, with biomedical science researchers, those skills are still very important for them. Whether they're going to NIH, whether they're going to the National Science Foundation for research grants or to conduct research, those are critical stills, and CTE provides those skill sets.    And I think we have typically sort of divided students based on who's going to college, who's not going to college, what kinds of skill sets are needed. And that's really an artificial construction, because everyone needs the same skill sets. Everyone needs to know how to think, how to read, and how to write well.    Ms. Ricks. Well, one of the things that I've discovered is that guidance counselors need to be approached. And I think that we need to look at it in a collaborative way with parents and guidance counselors working together to talk about CTE and the benefits of CTE and looking at the professional association of guidance counselors. I attended a meeting, I think it was last year, here in Washington, and they were talking about the role of guidance counselors and steering students away from CTE and how they need to be brought into the fold. Because surprisingly, many guidance counselors aren't that aware of CTE. They still call it vocational education. They still see it as a two-tiered system. And so they tell their college-bound students not to go into CTE coursework.    So I think that there can be more effort made in the school.    Ms. Ricks. Absolutely.    Ms. Ricks. The underrepresented students, because of some of these challenges with the budgets and with the lack of parental involvement and guidance from the guidance counselors, has resulted in fewer students of color participating in CTE, and that's a problem. And I think that we need to rebrand CTE. We have tried to change the name CTE rather than voc ed.    So I think that we need to consider creative ways. And I go back to what I said earlier about the role of CTE in stimulating creativity and critical thinking in our students. We need to do the same here in Washington and in all the other policy institutes that look at education in a very serious way.    And I think what has happened with underrepresented students is that they become even more discouraged. And one of the things that we study as social science researchers in education is looking at the emphasis on role modeling. The less likely you are to see yourself in a particular role, the less likely you are to participate in that role. And so that's what's happened.    Ms. Ricks. Well, it's not easy. One of the things that I've done in the past, I've worked in different organizations that have tried to especially reach out to rural and underrepresented communities. When I was at NOAA, I was on a contract with the Office of Education, and they have a mandate to try to do that. When you talked about the aquaculture and fisheries, I thought about NOAA and how they've been doing that for some time with K through 12 students.    And there's a number of activities that the different Federal agencies have been engaged in looking at how to build interest, especially because I come from, you know, the STEM background, looking at how science, technology, engineering, and math can be integrated to grow interest in--    Ms. Ricks. Oh, okay.    Ms. Ricks. Well, when you look at the numbers of the students who actually graduate from college, it's typically, in the Department of Education NSF report, it's typically students who can afford to go. And because income has been a barrier, it has become--and it hasn't always been--but it has definitely become a system that discourages students who cannot afford to go. They cannot afford to persist beyond their first year of undergraduate education. And I'm talking about students who did not come in with merit-based or need-based scholarships, just students who are just, you know, your average student trying to get into college and graduate. So those numbers are--    Ms. Ricks. Not in--well, there's two different issues. You have the students who come in need-based, and then you have the students who don't anticipate the need that they will require to graduate. And so there's a slight difference there. So you can have students that have received financial aid that still there's a gap, there's a huge gap between what they receive and what they need in order to fully participate in the college experience. And I'm not even talking extracurricular. I'm talking about when--    Ms. Ricks. Sorry. I talk too much. Sorry.    Ms. Ricks. I was going to say some of the larger corporations have been doing that for some time, like IBM. Their employees give back and they get community service credit for going into the local schools and talking about business, talking about their industries.    Ms. Ricks. One of the things that I think that underpins the barriers for women and underrepresented groups is this--and what they're now calling unconscious, biased, or stereotype threat, where they feel that they can't do the work, that they can't compete. And so I think if we give enough opportunities and we provide enough role modeling, I think that that goes very, very far. And organizations like the American Women in Science, AWIS, and other groups like that have gone very far in making sure that women and girls in particular are given these kinds of opportunities to see themselves in the roles that they envision.    I think we tend to kind of minimize the importance of that, but it matters. Like when you look around this room, they've done studies on how even the Congress, they'll say, you know, to young girls and people of color, ``Do you see yourself becoming a Congressperson one day?'' And more frequently now the answer is yes, because they see themselves. And so that is critical in the sciences in particular.    They still do--and I think it's kind of funny--they'll do these kinds of studies where they'll ask young children who are the scientists. And typically they will choose a white male in a lab coat. That's changing now. So now you see scientists of different colors, different backgrounds, different ages, because it was always someone over 50. Now it's someone under 50. So I think that we could do a lot in doing that. -    Ms. Ricks. I would say to embed some of the principles and practices of Perkins in minority-serving institutions. That includes HBCUs, HSIs, and tribal colleges. And also metrics.    Ms. Ricks. Absolutely.