    Dr. Jones. Chairman Conaway, Ranking Member Peterson, and Members of the House Committee on Agriculture, my name is Paul Jones and I am privileged to serve as the 10th President and probably the newest President of the 1890 Fort Valley State University, which is located in the heart of middle Georgia.    I am honored to be here today, along with several of my colleagues, to testify for your support, support of scholarships for young men and women who aspire to serve our nation pursuing careers in the agricultural and related fields.    This bill is designed to address the urgent need to train and educate students to fill crucial jobs in our country. USDA estimates, as Dr. Jackson-Hammond said, nearly 60,000 jobs will be available in these related fields, and yet they only anticipate our ability to meet the needs of about 30,000. There is a significant gap.    With the resources from this scholarship support, we believe, as 1890 institutions, that not only do we have the potential, but we have the capacity to address this urgent concern. The National Center on Educational Statistics data shows the power and potential of HBCUs. The data reveals that while HBCUs constitute three percent of postsecondary institutions, they are home to approximately eight percent of African Americans enrolled in colleges and universities during the period of 2012 to 2014. And NCES predicts that African American enrollment in higher education will increase through 2025.    The characteristics in the same USDA report reflects that the percentage of ethnic minority students in agriculture, life sciences, veterinary medicine will continue that increase. And 1890 land-grant institutions have played a major role in fueling this continued increase. We are proud at Fort Valley State University in that we have the distinction of ranking number six in awarding the number of agricultural degrees earned by African Americans. And this funding is important as HBCUs look to actively recruit and embrace a more diverse student body.    There is a popular misperception about HBCUs and 1890 land-grant institutions, and that is that we are not diverse. As a matter of fact, HBCUs and 1890s are very diverse, diverse in terms of race, ethnicity, political backgrounds, nationality, you name it. And issues of affordability and the strength of, I believe, our academic programs have been major factors in ushering this diversity, this welcome diversity that we are seeing on our campuses.    The notoriety of signature academic research that we do, at Fort Valley State we are very proud of the cutting-edge research that we are doing; and we do that even partnering with many of our other land-grant institutions, both 1890 and 1860 institutions. The fact that our biotechnology and plant science graduates routinely are accepted in Ph.D. programs across the country is a testimony to the quality. And I believe that quality is something that we all share together. It is often another misconception that to choose our campuses is to sacrifice in terms of quality.    I have attended two land-grant institutions in my career, and I will say that our land-grant institution, and the other 1890s, equally have the same quality. And we are under the same accreditation as our peer institutions. And so we don't apologize for what we do.    But your support of this legislation I believe is very important, important not only to us but the history--or the future of this country in our number one industry.    I thank you for allowing me a few minutes to testify before you. I thank you for your support, your bipartisan support, and we look forward to your conversation. Thank you.    Dr. Jones. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, for that question as well.    One quick example of a partnership with University of Georgia is with our veterinary technology program, which is the only accredited program in the state. That partnership allows our students to have a clinical rotation of 12 weeks at the University of Georgia. I think that is a wonderful partnership, and as we are able to expand with scholarship support, it will enable us to develop more of those rich kinds of experiences for our students going back and forth between the two campuses. That to me is a great example of something that we believe we can enhance through this scholarship support.    The Chairman. Are there distance learning programs between the schools where students can take specialized classes that might not be offered at the 1890 school that would strengthen their role in production agriculture as they go out? Can they take those classes at the 1862 schools by distance learning?    Dr. Jones. I will say that being part of the University System of Georgia, that is one of the real positive things that we have in our system, the opportunity for students to take courses through, we call it eCore, or other collaborative efforts that we have underway where our students can take courses on any of the campuses. But certainly, University of Georgia is a good example of where our students may take those kinds of courses.    The Chairman. All right. Dr. Jackson-Hammond, is it the same thing there at your school?    Dr. Jones. Yes. Let me just briefly say that in terms of your question, Congressman Scott, in terms of the impact from a leadership standpoint, I believe that today more than any other time in our history, our communities are calling for extraordinary leadership. The kind of visibility that this will bring to our communities that are challenged right now a great deal from an economic standpoint, from a social standpoint, from just about any way in which you would like to look at this.    So this call for leadership is important, and what we can bring in this kind of initiative or this kind of scholarship support can dramatically increase the visibility and the economic impact in our communities. Our communities are calling on all of us to bring forth a level of leadership that they have never seen before, and we are excited to be a part of that and thank you for this kind of opportunity.    The Chairman. The gentleman's time has expired.    Mr. King, 5 minutes.    Dr. Jones. Yes.    Dr. Jones. If I may, I am sorry that Congressman King is not here, but just for a clarification standpoint, I do think that this is an equal opportunity solution here. And I believe that very strongly. And I believe that having this funding support allows us to leverage in a way that all students, all Americans benefit. And this kind of support is critical to our community, to our region, to the state, to the nation, and I just wanted to say that to make sure that is on record.    Dr. Jones. It remains a concern, however, I will say in Georgia, we do get the 1-to-1 match. We are very proud of that.    Dr. Jones. And my dean is here who could probably elaborate, but what I will say is that we have had a much more focused effort in this regard over the last couple of years. We are doing a great job. We created an outreach coordinator to begin to work with young people and creating more exposure to the field, but also to the institution as well.    There is far more visibility from our College of Agriculture these days, the way in which they are branding the programs and the institution and their marketing efforts. We can learn a lot from what they are doing with the rest of the campus. It is a combination of things that are happening. I do think there is more capacity.    Dr. Jones. I think the challenge we have today is the limited scholarship support for those students who wish----    Dr. Jones. Right. Right.    Dr. Jones. Yes. Thank you, Congressman Scott. And I appreciate your continued support.    That is another area that I believe is very strong for us in terms of the work that we do through our College of Agriculture with high schools and even prior to that, the outreach that is conducted by our, whether it is through our extension or through other programs. Those are areas that I think is the reason why we are seeing the growth also in our programs. That work is very important, getting them exposed.    FFA, for example, we will see nearly 500 students that will come to the campus at any given time, and getting them exposed to the work that we do is important. And that is what is also enhancing the diversity within our base. Our College of Agriculture, by far, is the most diverse of our other programs, but it is through this outreach effort and through the work that they are doing in the high schools and middle schools, is aiding us tremendously.    Mr. Austin Scott of Georgia. As you know, we have nine military installations in the State of Georgia, a tremendous number of veterans in the area. Could you speak to some of the things that Fort Valley is doing to help recruit veterans who have served our country into your university and to the agricultural fields?    Dr. Jones. Right. Well, we are proud of the Robins Air Force Base that we work with. We are designated as a military-friendly institution. We do a great deal of work with the base and are looking at ways to expand our work. We are very proud of a new program that we were just authorized in, our Supply Chain Logistics Program that is really designed to work with the base and returning military men who are looking for careers, a change in some of their careers.    But we have a very strong relationship with them, and we could do more. We want to see how we can expand those programs. We have a center in Warner Robins now that we are trying to expand the work so that we can create more educational opportunities for our servicemen.    Mr. Austin Scott of Georgia. Well, I thank you for being here, and I hope when you see my friend Lynmore James there you will tell him I said hello.    With that, I yield the remainder of my time.    The Chairman. The gentleman yields back.    Gwen Graham, 5 minutes.    Dr. Jones. That is correct. The number, it has gotten better over the last couple of years through a number of initiatives.    Dr. Jones. Oh, absolutely.    Dr. Jones. It is primarily.    Dr. Jones. It is primarily.    Dr. Jones. Thank you, Congressman Davis. Absolutely, the funds are needed. Many of our veterans that come to us, even though they often have support, they have other daunting tasks, other family concerns.    Dr. Jones. Some of them, yes.    Dr. Jones. Well, one of the things that we did that has been very helpful, the University System of Georgia, has led an extraordinary charge within our system to recruit and support our veterans. In fact, so much so, we have now a Vice Chancellor for Military Affairs. And so we created centers, support centers on our campuses that are supporting these students.    Many of them come with a great deal of challenges coming back, depending if they are coming back from war. And so the kind of support that we provide to them has been very helpful in helping them navigate our environment.    Dr. Jones. This is a wonderful opportunity here today as we look at these scholarships. That is greatly needed. Many of us can speak to the need. Having served at several colleges, universities across the country, I have to be honest and say, I don't know that I quite understood that before joining this university less than a year ago.    What I see here are students, they may come with meager beginnings, but they have extraordinary opportunity. But unfortunately, because of the lack of, or limited, resources, we struggle oftentimes in helping them get to that mark. And so to have something like this, as I would say to my colleagues, is a game changer, is a life-changing opportunity for our universities to help not only African American students, because that's where the focus is today, but it is what it is going to do for our nation.