    Mr. Dolzer. Thank you, Chairman Whitfield, Ranking Member Rush, members of the committee. My name is Rudolf Dolzer, I am a German national who, all together, has lived about 8 years in the United States. In Germany, I became a law professor. Subsequently, I was director general of the Federal Office of the Chancellor and the Chancellor Kohl. This is where my gray hair come from. And then I was appointed three times to the German Parliament's Commission of Inquiry. We have that in Germany, you can be appointed to Parliament without the right to vote.    In the U.S., I studied in Spokane, Washington, at Gonzaga University. Then I studied for a longer period at the Harvard Law School. I later taught at five U.S. universities; the last time in Dallas in Texas. In Houston, I am a member of the Advisory Board of the Association of Independent Petroleum Negotiators. A month ago, I published a larger study of international cooperation in global energy affairs.    Mr. Chairman, the era of abundance, as you say, opens up new opportunities of leadership for the United States, and the world is looking at the United States. This reminds us also, at least me, that energy is not just about energy, it is about foreign affairs, it is about national security, it is about finances. But ultimately, energy has its own characteristics and dynamics and, this is my first major point, foreign affairs, national security, and also issues such as trade must be folded into the fabrics of energy politics and not the other way around. This is also my view as regards climate change.    Energy politics, Mr. Chairman, and when I look at your draft on energy diplomacy, energy politics also calls for arrangements of its own when it comes to international cooperation. Title III of the present bill represents an innovative modern approach, also from an international point of view. This Title may even be strengthened by a transatlantic trade and investment partnership. Again, trade is not just one aspect of energy. Recent events, and this has been addressed this morning, in Russia and Ukraine, and Europe in general, have underlined that energy independence will require safe energy supplies, and will require political foresight and a robust long-term strategy. Together, we must understand the nature of that issue.    This is not well known, Europe as a whole will, in the coming decade become more vulnerable as our resources dwindle, in particular in Norway. So this is Europe as a whole. The forums as proposed in your bill will serve to provide a common basis, but I propose that we go further and establish a more advanced concept which I call the Transatlantic Energy Agenda. We need to update and broaden existing arrangements with the new involvement, I think of parliaments and of the private sector. We have longstanding arrangements for cooperation in foreign affairs, in national security, in agriculture, for example. For energy, arrangements of this kinds are lacking at the moment, and I think that ought to change. We need more exchange, we need better exchange, we need to know what we are doing, and we need exchange about best practice.    America's abundance also lends itself to strengthening of regional partnerships. In Europe, we have particular experience in this respect. Since 2009, the European Union has the competence to deal with the establishment of a single market, but the member states have retained their sovereign powers to determine the energy mix. The French made sure that no one touches their right to work with atomic power. This is a very complex jurisdictional situation which we have in Europe. We now have a set of rules promoting competition in Europe with liberalization with unbundling. We have less progress, and I think this is of interest here so far with regard to internal and cross-border connections to overcome isolated domestic markets.    The key concept which has been worked out in the last 24 months has been the idea of project of common interests, as it is called. The new rules call, and I think this is of interest here, for a much more rapid process of approving permits. So far, that time, don't be astonished, took about 10 years or more to have a permit for a trans-border arrangement. This is now going down to 3 \1/2\ years at a maximum, according to the new law. Also member states now must introduce one-step authorities instead of the multitude of institutional arrangements we have had so far.    Now, the funds needed for a single energy market will be considerable, but I think the advantage will justify the cost. Costs in terms of secure supply, new infrastructure urgently needed, more options for the customers, better negotiating position on the international level. When you negotiate with Russia or the OPEC or Venezuela, I think the larger your market, the better it is. In North America, I think a new taskforce by the NAFTA countries, similar to the European Commission, might help to elaborate a unified energy strategy.    Mr. Chairman, I conclude. In the past, energy issues have at times been a bone of contention between the United States and Europe; sometimes a bitter contention. I think your bill with Title III has the promise and the hallmarks of a new era of cooperation, with tangible benefits on both sides of the Atlantic.    Thank you very much for your attention. I very much appreciate this opportunity to express my views before your important committee. Thank you very much.    Mr. Dolzer. That is the policy. We decided 3 days after the Fukushima events in 2010 to phase-out. We had an earlier change in 2000, then we had another change in 2009, and Fukushima is still the key event in Germany. At the moment, my prediction is--the current situation is that \1/2\ of the nuclear plants have already been phased out after 2011, and the rest, eight of them are still in operation. They will be phased out by 2021.    Mr. Dolzer. It has affected the price of the consumer considerably. I think the price went up by about 30 percent for electricity for the private households.    Perhaps one conclusion is, and I am not here taking any particular position, if you change policies to it in a pragmatic manner without too much momentary intervention, I think the change in Germany has forced us to react very quickly. It had some rather unintended consequences. At the moment, we are the main importer of U.S. coal. Now, of course, this is a little bit odd and awkward to have more coal----    Mr. Dolzer . As a consequence----    Mr. Dolzer. Correct. So we are supporting West Virginia. A consequence of our decision to phase-out nuclear was de facto to promote coal. For the moment, my prediction is this policy will not change. None of the major political parties, including the one to which I belong, intends to change. However, I think if I listen to--correct to what my wife tells me, opposition among the people is growing to this policy. The question is, is that affordable, what we are doing at the moment in the long-run. Germany has many issues, as most other states. We need more schools, we need better universities, we need more streets, and the question is can we focus our budget in the way we did on one issue alone, which is----    Mr. Dolzer. That is correct. The----    Mr. Dolzer. The policy about renewables, together with the policy of phasing out nuclear power means that we need more energy in the future as regards gas. We have a very special situation; we can get more gas from Russia, from Iran, from Algeria, or at the moment from Norway, but Norway is about to peak. In other words, our choices are not considerable. And here I would like to come back for a moment to U.S. policy. The U.S. has criticized us, of course, for being dependent too much on Russian gas. Correct. Almost 40 percent. At the same time now, of course, in an era of abundance, the Europeans would hope that the United States allows for more gas to be exported to Europe in a situation where we need stronger support with our alternatives. And I think even small additional imports from the United States would help on a symbolic manner. In other words, the position in Europe that you hear quite often is, on the one hand the U.S. criticizes that we are too dependent on Russia or Iraq or----    Mr. Dolzer . Whoever, on the other hand, the U.S. does not allow and facilitate----    Mr. Dolzer . Exports to Europe. I think this is a position that may be reconsidered.