    Mr. Gibbs. Thank you, Chairwoman. I represent the Great Lakes region, and I realize ports are their major economic drivers, and understand it is important to make sure of port security.    I want to talk a little bit about container security. In 2010 there was a GAO report that said that some countries are reluctant to comply with the international port security code due to concerns over sovereignty. And can you kind of give us--any one of you, I guess--this international port security is now--is it uniformly followed by our U.S. trading partners, or is there still concerns with sovereignty?    Mr. Gibbs. What kind of numbers on an annual basis that, you know--that--ships been refused entry or--you know, what is kind of--how often has this occurred, it is a problem that they are not in compliance?    And then also, you know, what--is there a particular country or area that has been more of a problem for clients?    Mr. Gibbs. But you feel pretty comfortable that the program is working, that compliance with our trading partners is improving? Or is there something we can do more to enhance that?    Mr. Gibbs. Thank you. I yield back, Chairman.    Mr. Gibbs. Thanks, Mr. Chairman. I represent the Great Lakes region, so I want to talk to Mr. Weakley.    Great to see you, Jim. In your testimony you talk about the Great Lakes States, and the two Canadian provinces; if they were an entity in themselves, they would be the third largest economy. So we know how important the Great Lakes is, and all the commerce you move. And I am really concerned.    And my other subcommittee, I am chairman of the Subcommittee on Water Resources and Environment. I have stressed so much with the Army Corps of Engineers about the importance of the Soo lock and the Poe lock, and that is--Poe lock is over 100 years old. And my understanding, they built cofferdams years ago and it is just sitting--seems like there is a reluctance with the administration to want to, you know, build new locks there and replace them.    So there's kind of two questions here, two themes. We have the infrastructure issue, and then we have security of the locks. I want to get both of that. But the first part of that is on the Poe lock or the Soo locks there, if that were to shut down, what happens to the Great Lakes?    Mr. Gibbs. I think we got the picture. I think during World War II they were so concerned about that I think they had, I don't know----    Mr. Gibbs. 20,000 troops regarding that.    Mr. Gibbs. So I have stressed so much on the Army Corps how important this is, and there is this reluctance.    Do you know if there has been any initial cost estimates to do the work there?    Mr. Gibbs. I told Secretary Darcy in my subcommittee hearing that we could sit down right now and in 15 minutes get a cost estimate benefit ratio. That should be a no-brainer.    Mr. Gibbs. There is just a huge reluctance, I think, with the administration to want to move forward on that.    OK. So that is the infrastructure issue. We know what happens. This ought to be a top priority for our national economic security and security in general.    What are your thoughts in the Great Lakes are, in the St. Lawrence and all that, on overall security of our--of those assets? We know if that lock breaks the economic catastrophe it would be to the country. But are you satisfied with the security arrangements by the Coast Guard, whoever, to make sure that the lock isn't attacked, or any of the locks?    Mr. Gibbs. And my last question--we are out of time, but are you--your companies that you represent, I think you said 15 of them, I forget how many you represent, working with Customs and Border Protection, the Coast Guard, and all their law enforcement moving this commerce from the Great Lakes, are you satisfied with the relationship? What are your thoughts?    Mr. Gibbs. OK, thank you.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman, I yield back.    Thanks for your service.    Mr. Gibbs. You know, I know San Diego is important, but Great Lakes are really important, too.