    Ms. Johnson. Good morning Chairman McCaul, Ranking Member Thompson, and distinguished Members of the committee.    Thank you for this opportunity to testify today on implementation of the Visa Waiver Program Improvement and Terrorist Travel Prevention Act of 2015. It is a pleasure to be here today with Commissioner Kerlikowske.    My written statement, which I request be put into the record, describes how the Department of State has worked closely with the Department of Homeland Security to implement this new law, while ensuring our top priority remains the protection of the U.S. homeland.    As deputy coordinator for homeland security and State's counterterrorism bureau, security of the homeland and the safety of our citizens is my--citizens is my constant focus. I welcome this legislation to strengthen the Visa Waiver Program.    The VWP is a key counterterrorism tool that helps protect our homeland every single day. Our VWP partners must uphold strict security standards, such as sharing information on known and suspected terrorists and criminals, and reporting lost and stolen passports to INTERPOL.    We use VWP benefits to encourage greater information sharing and more systemic screening by our allies. VWP requirements give our partners the impetus to tighten security in ways that can be politically challenging for them.    The U.S. Government assesses each VWP country's compliance at least once every 2 years, inspecting airports, sea ports, land borders, and passport production and issuance facilities. No other program enables the U.S. Government to conduct such broad and consequential assessments of foreign partners' security operations.    I would also like to underscore that the VWP is not a free pass to travel to the United States. All travelers coming to the United States undergo checks for ties to terrorism and are subject to multiple layers of security, regardless of whether they have a visa, or they come in under the VWP.    As the commissioner has noted, citizens of VWP countries apply to enter the United States via the ESTA. CBP checks ESTA forms against U.S. terrorist and criminal databases before travelers are allowed to use the VWP.    This information that our partners provide, under the information sharing, as part of the VWP, is a vital component of our terrorist and criminal databases. The layer of security continues beyond this step. All travelers are screened by CBP's National Targeting Center before they board an airplane and after they are admitted into the United States.    ESTAs are continuously reviewed and revoked immediately if new intelligence comes to light. Watchlisting, screening, and information intelligence gathering are some of the best tools for countering the threat of foreign terrorist travel.    These tools are most effective when we are working in collaboration with our VWP partners. That is why the VWP is such an important counterterrorism partnership. The 38 countries that are part of the VWP include many of our closest allies, and they are proud of their status. VWP membership is so prized that many countries not in the VWP complete program requirements in the hope of joining.    I would like to speak to the National security waivers authorized under the law. Under the new law, the Secretary of Homeland Security has the authority to waive restrictions, if he determines that such a waiver is in the National security or law enforcement interest of the United States.    We understand that Congress did not want to create blanket exemptions to the law, and that is why these waivers will be implemented on a case-by-case basis. After consulting with the Secretary of State, the Secretary of Homeland Security has determined that is the general matter, it is in the National security interests of the United States to administer waivers on a case-by-case basis and for certain types of ESTA applicants.    I want to stress that these are not blanket waivers. Again, the waivers would be administered on a case-by-case basis and are narrowly tailored to specific National security interests. We publicly outlined categories in which a waiver might apply to provide guidance to citizens of VWP countries.    There is lot of confusion about this law among some of our closest allies, and we needed to let them know which of their citizens might receive a waiver and how the process would work. We noted in our guidance that each ESTA applicant would be considered on a case-by-case basis and reviewed carefully.    In no incidence is travel under the VWP guaranteed for a person in one of the identified categories. I would like to share some examples of why we think these narrowly-tailored waivers are in our National security interest.    For instance, we rely on employees of the International Atomic Energy Agency for the technical expertise to fight the spread of nuclear weapons around the world. Yet, without a waiver, IAEA employees, who went to Iran to pursue our National security objective of preventing Iran from obtaining a nuclear weapon, would be considered security risks.    Without waivers, UNHCR and World Food Program staff, who do critical work helping refugees in Iraq or feeding starving children in Darfur, Sudan, would be unable to travel to the United States under the VWP.    The European Union is an essential partner to us around the world. Without a waiver, representatives of E.U. institutions, including E.U. parliamentarians, would be ineligible to travel to the United States under the VWP.    Additionally, we work closely with officials of the E.U. Counterterrorism Coordinator's office, who travel frequently to Iraq. Without waivers, they would be denied ESTAs. These waivers will allow us to maintain and build our relationships, in cooperation with these institutions, toward shared counterterrorism goals.    Business representatives or NGO employees, who have traveled to Iraq to help with schools, roads, and hospitals, also would be denied travel under VWP, even though they are doing work we have encouraged to help stabilize and rebuild that country's economy.    In Syria, the world relies on journalists facing grave danger to report on human rights violations, allegations of chemical weapon use, and the brutality of that on-going conflict that we might otherwise never know about. Yet, without waivers, they, too, could be denied VWP travel.    I recognize that participating in the VWP is a privilege and not a right, but denying VWP participation to citizens of member countries, who are doing work we promote and support, is counter to our National security interests.    I want to stress, again, that every VWP travel considered for a waiver will be closely examined to see if they meet the stringent requirements to travel under the VWP. A case-by-case application of waivers in these narrow instances, allows us to advance our National security interests and directs our resources to higher-risk threats.    As I have discussed, we believe there are significant National security interests for the United States to utilize this waiver, and we do so without compromising the safety of our fellow citizens at home and overseas and the security of the traveling public.    Mr. Chairman, Mr. Ranking Member Thompson, and distinguished Members of the committee, thank you so very much for having me here today. I look forward to your questions.    Ms. Johnson. Thank you, sir. On that question, in particular, the text of the law is very clear. The Secretary of Homeland Security may waive the travel and dual national restrictions, if he determines that such a waiver is in the law enforcement and National security interests of the United States.    After consulting with the Secretary of Homeland--Secretary of State, the Secretary of Homeland Security has determined that, as a general matter, it is in the National security interests of the United States to administer waivers for certain types of ESTA applicants. Whether those ESTA applicants will receive a waiver will be determined on a case-by-case basis.    We heard your concerns about not wanting blanket exemptions or waivers.    Ms. Johnson. No. These are not blanket exceptions, and they are not blanket waivers.    Ms. Johnson. The text of the law says that if it is in the law enforcement or National security interests of the United States, they can be waived, the dual national and the travel restrictions could be waived.    Ms. Johnson. This is not intended to be blanket, again, exemptions or waivers. The intent was to look at these in a very narrowly-focused way, on a case-by-case basis. These waivers will be reviewed very closely, as we mentioned in the terrorist travel prevention cell at the National Targeting Center.    Just because somebody might fall into one of those identified categories, there is no expectation that they automatically are receiving an ESTA.    Ms. Johnson. Just to be clear, these are not exemptions. They are waivers, again, as under the law. This--there is an on-going process and discussion with our counterparts at the Department of Homeland Security, and we announced that decision on January 21, with the Department of Homeland Security.    Ms. Johnson. No. The waivers are--again, we are not talking about blanket waivers. These are done on a case-by-case basis. Each individual is reviewed very carefully. Again, as mentioned here, both by the commissioner and myself, just because somebody might fall into one of those categories does not mean they would be granted a waiver.    Ms. Johnson. Yes, sir.    Ms. Johnson. I am a deputy coordinator. So I was working with my counterparts, but it has been from the working level all the way up through my level, and all the way up. This is a very important issue.    Ms. Johnson. Yes, sir.    Ms. Johnson. Do you mean financial implications to the State Department, or----    Ms. Johnson. That I would have to take back. I don't know the answer to that question. The working level, the mid-level and higher levels, all of us, as we normally do with press releases, worked very closely together with our Department of Homeland Security colleagues.    Ms. Johnson. No on cost, at least in any discussions I was involved in. The threat cell of the State Department already participates in the National Targeting Center over at CBP, and we also work very closely with DHS on a regular basis with the screening capabilities.    Ms. Johnson. Thank you for the question. I mean, the visa--sorry, again, under the Visa Waiver Program, it is important to note that all of those travelers go through the same rigorous screening as visa applicants do.    So, I think if visa applicants, obviously, have an interview and biometrics are collected--that is really only the difference that takes place between the Visa Waiver Program and a visa interview.    I think the important question is, I know for some people, for particularly our Visa Waiver Program partners, a visa interview and a visa process, the whole point of the Visa Waiver Program for them is, they are going through and meeting these stringent security standards.    They are participating in this counterterrorism partnership with us that actually enhances our National security quite beneficially, because, again, the information that we receive from them on known and suspected terrorists and criminals goes into our databases, and we screen against that.    So having a number of individuals, affected individuals, who have traveled to these countries under these--traveled to these countries, be treated as a heightened security risk, because we may have been doing legitimate business in Iran or might be a humanitarian worker in Darfur, I think it is been a real big effect for our foreign partners under the VWP.    In fact, I met yesterday with one country who was very concerned about this. They fully respected the VWP's stringent security requirements, and they certainly want to respect and focus on the security of the U.S. homeland. But they were very concerned about the fact that their citizens are treated as heightened security risks, when they are conducting National security-related activities.    Ms. Johnson. I would absolutely echo everything the Commissioner just said. I mean, again, and as I mentioned in my opening remarks, this is a--a hugely beneficial counterterrorism tool, particularly for the United States, because of the information we receive from these foreign partners, but, also, for those foreign partners, again, which are key allies and trading partners, for their security.    They take our information and they screen against it. So it is a hugely collaborative counterterrorism partnership. I know that it would be a very big impact against--on that relationships that we have with those countries, both on the counterterrorism side, but for foreign policy reasons, as well, certainly, from sitting at the State Department.    I sit in the counterterrorism bureau. I see how that partnership is extremely important, and I think we can leverage that partnership to a variety of degrees. The VWP security requirements, I just want to note, have become kind of universal standards, as well, for importance for counterterrorism tools, broadly.    A number of these security requirements are now, again, best practices that we have highlighted in U.N. Security Council resolutions, particularly, UNCSCR 2178, to combat terrorist fighters. So other countries, beyond the VWP, are benefitting from those kind of lessons learned.    So, I think, we would have a huge--a huge negative impact. I can't answer on the economic side, but I know it is a very large contribution to our economy, because it is a reciprocal program, and, certainly, for our foreign partners, as well.    Ms. Johnson. I believe so, yes.    Ms. Johnson. Yes.    Ms. Johnson. Yes, sir. I am.    Ms. Johnson. I would have to go back and check. I don't know.    Ms. Johnson. I am not a lawyer, but I know that the text of the law is clear that the Secretary of Homeland Security can utilize the waiver to waive the dual national and travel restrictions, if it is in the law enforcement and National security interest of the United States.    Ms. Johnson. So those are internal deliberations. That document is a series of discussions on how we can utilize the waiver that is allowed for, under the law. Again, working internally within the Department, we broadly discussed the options, the potential of utilizing this waiver, all throughout the Department, both with the legal advisors' office and the regional bureaus, which we do on a policy basis for any other topic.    Those are internal deliberations. They were looking at what kind of potential, you know, categories we might look at, under the National security waiver, as, again, called for under the law.    But that is, in no way, shape, or form, the final position. Again, we consulted with Congress. We understood you did not want blanket waivers or blanket exemptions. That was not the intent, to have any, as we have mentioned here clearly today, to do a blanket waiver or blanket exemptions. We were looking at narrow----    Ms. Johnson. So, again, it is a deliberative document. But then we----    Ms. Johnson. No, ma'am.    Ms. Johnson. Yes, ma'am.    Ms. Johnson. I think there is a lot of confusion with the law from our foreign partners, who have repeatedly asked how this law will be administered. I think they are very concerned about dual nationals, in particular, and that it felt very discriminatory. So I think there were a lot of concerns raised.    Ms. Johnson. Well, I think, we are still in deliberations on, again, how to administer these waivers. Certainly, in the case of Iran or Iraq, it would be making sure that they are not sanctionable activities and, certainly, in an Iran case, or illegal against U.S. laws.    But I think, you know, our first and foremost--and, again, I will--straight from the Department of State, as well, is the security of the U.S. homeland and the American public. I work in the counterterrorism bureau. It is, again, what we do all the time.    So that is where we would be starting with. I think what we would be discussing is how we would go about reviewing those waivers and, certainly, could talk about it at a future date in a closed session. I think what we don't want to do is advertise how to work around those, publicly.    Ms. Johnson. No, ma'am.    Ms. Johnson. No. I know that, under the law, there are exemptions for categories for Government, official Government business, as well as military. In this case, in the waivers, we would be looking at this as an individual basis, so, again, case-by-case, whereas exemptions, I think, are broad categories of people.    So if--and I don't know, in the sense of how CBP would look at those. But if someone presented military documentation of official Government business, that is my understanding for----    Ms. Johnson. None of them--it is not a blanket waiver, I think, is the main thing to----    Ms. Johnson. No, sir. I think, again, the text of the new law is clear that the Secretary of Homeland Security has the ability to waive the dual national and the travel restrictions, if it is found in the law enforcement or National security interests of the United States.    I think when we were looking at the waivers, again, we were looking at categories of travelers under the National security provisions. I think that we were trying to look at, again, a limited scope and reviewing those on a case-by-case basis.    I don't know if they were looking at--for broader exemptions, but the intent is, again, to look at it in a very limited and narrow focus and on a case-by-case basis.    Ms. Johnson. These are, again, the text of the law is clear. The Secretary of Homeland Security has the ability to waive those dual national and travel restrictions, if it is in the National security interests of the United States.    We are not asking for blanket, categorical waivers. We are looking at a limited and narrow focus, and, again, reviewing them on a case-by-case basis. I think this approach is consistent with other waivers, such as under the Immigration and Nationality Act, where there are broad categories, but we look at them in an individual basis.    Ms. Johnson. I don't. I know they talked frequently. I know there was one meeting that I, personally, sat in on.    Ms. Johnson. Yes. Yes.    Ms. Johnson. I don't know if they have talked on a regular basis or not. But there was one meeting that I sat in, before the announcement. Yes, sir.    Ms. Johnson. The law actually says that the Secretary of Homeland Security has the ability to utilize a waiver to waive the dual national and travel restrictions, if it is in the law enforcement and National security interests of the United States.    Ms. Johnson. I was not part of any of those discussions, so I don't know.    Ms. Johnson. I have Consular Affairs here that might be able to speak to the consular side of the house. I think, through this terrorism threat prevention cell, which, again, is part of the National Targeting Center, State Department already has bodies there that work this.    Yes, it will be a few more resources. I think, again, what we are looking at is, through the Visa Waiver Program, the ability to get the information we receive from these foreign partners, under the requirements of this program, actually help with those resource issues. They provide more information on known and suspected terrorists and criminals that we can screen against to protect our homeland.    So, without that information, it is certainly difficult to do that kind of screening, even in the visa context.    Ms. Johnson. You mean, our Visa Waiver partners, in particular?    Ms. Johnson. I can take that question back, if you are looking for more specifics down per country. I think they are very concerned about travelers from these countries, certainly. But, again, I think the important focus here, when we are looking at these waivers, we are not looking to have random people who go to Syria and come back.    We are looking at very limited scoped waivers for individuals, again, on a case-by-case basis, who might be working--that are working on these National security objectives.    So, again, it is not just somebody who goes to Sudan or Syria and comes back. But I believe these countries are, you know, just as concerned. But, again, this partnership, under the VWP program, means they also receive information from us on known and suspected terrorists. They receive our--a good chunk of our database and our terrorism screening watch list, which helps them--aid in their screening, as well, to protect their borders.    Ms. Johnson. You mean the law, or----    Ms. Johnson. I think they were very concerned that their citizens were being--you know, the affected travelers, under this law, were considered heightened security risks. So, they had registered a number of concerns about that.    I had, again, conversations yesterday. They were very--they want to protect the U.S. homeland, but are very concerned about the perception that individuals that go to, again, work for humanitarian organization in Darfur are suddenly being considered a heightened security risk. That was a very big concern of theirs, yes.    Ms. Johnson. I was not involved in the discussions, the negotiations of the law, but I am very aware of those discussions. Yes, sir.    Ms. Johnson. I was not aware of that.    Ms. Johnson. Not aware of that, no.    Ms. Johnson. Yes, we discussed that earlier. I understand he, also, came out with a statement in support of the waiver categories.    Ms. Johnson. I would note that, for the letter that Secretary Kerry wrote to Foreign Minister Zarif was in response to the Iranians publicly claiming that this law violated the commitments of the JCPOA. In fact, in that letter, he was actually defending the law and stressing that it was not a violation of the commitments against the JCPOA.    He writes many of these letters----    Ms. Johnson. We have one here, yes.    Ms. Johnson. Yes, sir.    Ms. Johnson. No, sir.    Ms. Johnson. No, sir.    Ms. Johnson. Yes, sir.    Ms. Johnson. The law does say that they can waive for National security and law enforcement purposes. This letter was defending the law, in response to a public assertion by the Iranians that it was violating the commitments of the JCPOA.    Ms. Johnson. Sir, the text of the law provides for a waiver to--against those----    Ms. Johnson. So, just like all policy that we do, both at the State Department--it was an entire deliberation around the Department. We worked very closely, again, taking into consideration Congress's concerns with blanket waivers. We worked with our Department of Homeland Security colleagues, in tandem, to look at what might be possible under this waiver exemption, under the law.    Ms. Johnson. We have regional bureaus, certainly, that are very concerned about----    Ms. Johnson. Yes, we talked----    Ms. Johnson . To the White House. It was a White--this is a collaborative effort. This was State Department, Department of Homeland Security, and the White House, yes.    Ms. Johnson. Yes.    Ms. Johnson. The text of the law offers up a waiver.    Ms. Johnson. Again, we understood the intent, very clearly, in the text of the law, very clearly----    Ms. Johnson. I am saying that these are not blanket waivers and, again, we are very clear that these would be used on a very limited, case-by-case basis in a narrow and tailored focus.    Ms. Johnson. They can go get a visa, as well, yes.    Ms. Johnson. Well, as we discussed, and I mentioned in my opening remarks, I mean, the partnership with these VWP partners is a counterterrorism tool. Very--they are very concerned about the fact that a number of their citizens, affected by this law, are treated as heightened security risks----    Ms. Johnson . And are participating----    Ms. Johnson. No, sir. It was that they were publicly complaining that the law violated the JCPOA. The Secretary's response was to defend the law. So that is what my point was there.    Ms. Johnson. No, sir. This is not about Iran. This is about protecting the U.S. homeland and American public. I think what we have said is there is an option for a waiver into this law. We were looking at that in the National security objectives.    Again, the partnership under the VWP is a huge counterterrorism tool. I just stress that, again, that just because someone might fall under this identified category of a waiver does not mean they would get a waiver or be able to travel under the VWP.    I think one piece of information that the CBP commissioner I have heard say multiple times in DHS, if there is any concern, they don't offer, you know, travel under the VWP. So if there is not enough information, they don't.    Again, the VWP partnership provides us with information that enhances our screening capabilities. That way, we are able to protect the homeland in a better way than we would otherwise.    Ms. Johnson. No. I am saying we leverage this Visa Waiver Program, in order to be able to get a lot of information from these foreign partners. Again, I also said, it is become an international standard, a lot of these security requirements.    It also helps us with other countries to improve their screening capabilities. But it is an important program. We are screening all of these individuals, whether they come through the VWP or through a visa. In the exact same way, we are screening against all of our terrorism databases, our criminal databases, the INTERPOL lost and stolen passport database, again, with information provided by these countries under the     Ms. Johnson. That is my understanding.    Ms. Johnson. Yes, sir.    Ms. Johnson. So, as I mentioned earlier, I mean, the--they certainly can apply for visas. I know they can get expedited----    Ms. Johnson. The Visa Waiver Program, again, the partners were very concerned, and we are very concerned of the fact that a number of these individuals would be affected by this, would be treated as heightened security risks, when----    Ms. Johnson . In fact----    Ms. Johnson. So, again, there is an option for a waiver under the law. We were pursuing that under the National security objectives of the United States.    Ms. Johnson. We are offering expedited visas to people who are affected under this law now.    Ms. Johnson. Yes.    Ms. Johnson. Not trying to sound like Marco Rubio, but there is an option for a waiver under the law.    Ms. Johnson. Again, this is a deliberative memo. So, under the INA, I know there are categories of waives, which we also, then again, assess on an individualized basis. But the process of that, again, was looking at the broad options under the waiver, that is under the law, and looking at those, again, as a deliberative process throughout the Department, taking into, obviously, Congressional intent and our conversations on regular consultations with the Department of Homeland Security.