    Mr. Lipinski. Thank you, Chairwoman Comstock. Thank you and Chairman Smith for holding this hearing.    I am certainly pleased that we're once again planning to take up reauthorization legislation for the Networking and Information Technology R&D Program known as NITRD. The House, through this committee, has successfully passed a bipartisan reauthorization of the program in each of the past three Congresses, and each time the Senate has failed to follow suit. If we are going to move a bill to the President's desk, each of us in this room will need to work harder on the necessary outreach to gather support. It's been too long since the original High-Performance Computing Act of 1991 has been updated with the current state of science and technology in the field, as well as the current operational and management needs of the program.    Networking and information technology is changing more rapidly than any of us could have dreamed in 1991. Mosaic, the World Wide Web browser that first made the internet user-friendly, was created at the National Center for Supercomputing Applications at the University Of Illinois in 1993 under a project funded thanks in large part to the HPC Act. Netscape founder Marc Andreessen, who was a leader of the Illinois team before launching his company, was quoted as saying, ``if it had been left to private industry, it wouldn't have happened, at least not until years later.'' Dr. Andreessen's statement is as relevant today as ever. Without question, the 1991 Act set the stage for a coordinated federal R&D strategy that has underpinned the U.S. leadership in NIT for the past 25 years.    One reason, I believe, that we are having trouble getting an update through the Senate is that the private sector has not weighed in on the importance of NITRD. I understand that in the process of planning this hearing there was some difficulty identifying experts in industry at sufficiently high level with knowledge of the NITRD Program. Even the experts that were consulted had a hard time coming up with more names to reach out to. Given that federal investments in stet have applications across all sectors of our economy and at the ground level, NITRD involves many public-private partnerships, I find this troubling that we have not been able to get the private sector engaged here.    The NITRD Program is a $4 billion investment covering every aspect of networking and information technology R&D, in addition to the computing infrastructure required to support R&D in every field of science and engineering. Four billion dollars is a large sum by any measure. However, NITRD covers so many areas of R&D, as the Chairwoman noted, and includes so much expensive but essential infrastructure, I fear we may be under-investing in many critical areas such as cybersecurity.    I want to thank the witnesses for submitting detailed written testimony, and I will highlight just a few topics that I hope we can discuss this morning. In his testimony, Dr. Seidel, the current Director of NCSA, discusses the need for more coherence and coordination around computing research infrastructure. When we talk about computing research infrastructure, we mean not just high-performance computing facilities such as Blue Waters, but also big data infrastructure, networking testbeds, observation systems, and more. I'd like to understand better how infrastructure is planned, coordinated, and categorized under the NITRD Program, and how the new National Strategic Computing Initiative fits in.    On the topic of education and workforce, we have heard from countless experts that our IT workforce pipeline is not keeping up with the demand. When it comes to education and training, the federal role may be small compared to the state and private sector's. However, PCAST made some specific recommendations for federal agencies that we may be able to take up in the NITRD legislation, so I hope we have the opportunity to discuss those recommendations further.    I look forward to hearing from this morning's expert panel. And with that, I yield back.    Mr. Lipinski. Thank you. I just want to follow up on a couple things there. And, Dr. Seidel, I've been to U of I and seen what you've done there by having these industries come in. And it's great to see and it's great to hear all these examples of how industry has really benefitted. So as we move forward, I think we'll have to have further discussions on how we can make sure that we get them involved in making sure that this NITRD works as well as it can.    But I wanted to ask Dr. Marzullo, you had talked about this--mentioned this at least in your answer to the Chairwoman's question, but I wanted to get a little bit--talk a little bit more about the smart cities and connected communities, multiagency framework. Can you tell us more about this and how are the private sector and city governments themselves involved in this?    Mr. Lipinski. Very good. I want to turn in my remaining time to computing infrastructure. We know that big data and data science broadly speaking is becoming a larger part of scientific research with every passing year. But at the same time, research infrastructure in this space, including HPCs like Blue Waters but also testbeds and storage for large datasets is increasingly expensive. So how do we weigh the benefits of improving our computing infrastructure against the other research priorities for the purposes of the NITRD Program? So whoever wants to--would like to jump in here. Dr. Seidel?    Mr. Lipinski. Oh, I understand they're highly computational.    Mr. Lipinski. Thank you. Dr. Hager?    Mr. Lipinski. Dr. Marzullo, do you have anything to add?    Mr. Lipinski. Good. Thank you. I yield back.    Chairwoman Comstock. Thank you.    And I now recognize Mr. LaHood for five minutes.