    Mr. Barrett. Thank you, Chairman Fitzpatrick, Vice Chairman Pittenger, Ranking Member Lynch, and distinguished members of the House Financial Services Committee. It is an honor to testify before you today on this issue of perennial concern.    Although terrorism, along with other forms of violent crime, lacks a profit motive, any terrorist attack costs money, and it is reasonable to assume, therefore, that the less money that a terrorist group has available, the less able it will be to mount an attack. And if it does so, limited finances should result in limited impact.    But terrorism of course by its nature is asymmetric, and it is asymmetric in all of its aspects, including financially. And even a relatively cheap attack can have a devastating impact. For example, the last al Qaeda attack in a Western country occurred in my country.    On the 7th of July, 2005, four individuals associated with al Qaeda blew themselves up on the public transport system in London, killing 52 people. The official inquiry into the attack estimated that it had cost less than 8,000 pounds. That is about $13,000 or so.    To quote from the report: ``The group appears to have raised the necessary cash by methods that would be extremely difficult to identify as related to terrorism or other serious criminality. Khan--he was one of the group--appears to have provided most of the funding. Having been in full-time employment for 3 years since university, he had a reasonable credit rating, multiple bank accounts, each with just a small amount deposited for a protracted period, credit cards, and a 10,000 pound personal loan. He defaulted on his personal loan repayments and was overdrawn on his accounts.''    So it was very difficult to detect. But despite the low cost of that attack and the unremarkable financial activity associated with it, it had a devastating impact, of course, on the United Kingdom beyond the deaths. The cost to the U.K. economy was estimated at 2 billion pounds just in the rest of 2005 alone. And the cost of the official inquiry itself, I might say, was put at 4.5 million pounds.    So even an unsuccessful attack, which might therefore cost even less, can have a huge impact. Just think of the costs resulting from another plot that originated in the United Kingdom, the 2006 plot to blow up 7 airlines traveling to North America. The additional security checks imposed on airports as a result have cost billions of dollars.    The point I am trying to make is that terrorism does not have to be expensive to be effective, whether in its primary objective of making people afraid or in its secondary objective of forcing governments to react.    The second point is that terrorists can fund their operations through legal means, quasi-legal means, and illegal means. Legal means might include donations or the self-financing of the London bombings. Quasi-legal means might include the raising of income through traditional means by terrorist groups that control territory: taxing income; selling natural resources; and so on. Whereas illegal means of course might include kidnap for ransom or all of the other things we have heard about.    And it is my belief that although terrorists have few qualms about how they raise money, they don't have any preferred means. They do whatever is easiest and most effective. And they will raise money according to opportunity, aiming all the while of course to minimize effort and risk while maximizing their returns. And this complicates countering the financing of terrorism as the money used by terrorists is not necessarily criminally tainted before it is collected.    Increasingly, terrorists are attracted to less governed areas of the world where they can establish bases and control territory. And inevitably too, these areas are ones that criminals use for their own transshipments of drugs or other contraband and things like that.    And to this extent, terrorists have established a close relationship both with crime and with criminal gangs, though in my view they are more likely to take a cut from the criminal gangs than to join their rackets or compete with them.    Terrorists and criminals who operate for profit are not natural bedfellows. Criminals see terrorists as dangerous both in and of themselves, and also in that they are likely to bring attention from the authorities. An official might easily be bribed to allow conventional criminal activity, but is less likely to agree to turn a blind eye to terrorism. Likewise, terrorists are suspicious of criminals as people who have no sympathy with their cause and might well attack or betray them if they saw profit in doing so.    So the point I wanted to make, Mr. Chairman, was that although there is undoubtedly an association between terrorism and criminality, it is not necessarily straightforward nor even universal.    Thank you.    Mr. Barrett. It is an interesting question, Vice Chairman Pittenger. Of course, the Oil-for-Food Programme was a huge agreement by the international community through the Security Council in 1991 with Saddam Hussein, as you said, with the government, and did allow a certain amount of export of oil in order to be able to allow the Iraqi government to feed its people. And that was open to many abuses, and it was indeed abused.    But the scale on which Saddam Hussein was operating as a government, of course, was very different from the scale on which the Islamic State is able to operate, whereas Saddam Hussein, I think over the 12 or 13 years of the Oil-for-Food Programme, probably sold about $50 billion worth of oil. Of course, the Islamic State is selling perhaps now up to $2 million a week, so $100 million a year.    And, also, whereas, the export of oil under Saddam Hussein was authorized and, therefore, done in a regular way, in the Islamic State, it is done very much in small scales out of sort of almost homegrown refineries into trucks, which may take it into Turkey, may take it into Kurdish areas, may even sell it to the Syrian government, or most of it, in fact, was probably sold and consumed within the area controlled by the Islamic State itself. So this makes it much harder for outside powers to control them, possibly Turkey. But, generally speaking, it is difficult.    Mr. Barrett. Can I address that?    Mr. Barrett. Somalia is a very good example. Many, many Somalians rely on remittances to feed their families and to keep going. So it is an essential area of income for them. And, of course, in Somalia, they aren't operating banks. And so, many of these remittances are made through hawalas and so on, informal systems.    You noticed the other day that, after the Garissa attacks in Kenya, the Kenyan government wanted to shut down some of these remittance services because they reckoned they were also funding terrorism. But, of course, there was a huge outcry internationally because it would mean so many Somalis were disadvantaged.    So I think that your question is absolutely right. What needs to be done is to be able to bring these informal systems into a more formal structure rather than banning them and trying to push them out. And one of the problems that we face now is that formal banks are very unwilling to offer banking services to hawalas because they fear the regulations and so on.    Mr. Barrett. I think it is very hard to say. In Mosul, they were alleged to have stolen $500 million worth, but whether that was in gold or in bank notes or what--    Mr. Barrett. I think you are right. I think public awareness is enormously important, and indeed the public who are donating to charities have a responsibility also to know how the charities are going to spend that money.    There are regulations which have developed over the years, best practices, as you say, in this country, and in the United Kingdom as well, which I think require the registration of charities and the auditing of their accounts with much more detailed scrutiny than there has been in the past.    And I think that is having a real effect. I think there are fewer charities now which can be found to be funding terrorism in jurisdictions where the law is applied properly and fully.    And on remittances, too. I think that there is a mistake often made that hawalas somehow are prepared to turn a blind eye to transactions which banks might otherwise stop. But, in fact, hawalas have to know their customers even more than banks because, of course, it is based entirely on trust rather than on a purely commercial basis.    Mr. Barrett. Yes. I think that is really an excellent question and one, I think, that is puzzling many experts who look at ISIL.    But the fact of the matter, I think, is that most of the money is--it is sort of a cash-based economy and a self-generating economy and then the money circulates within the territories occupied by ISIL.    Insofar as money is coming from the outside, it does seem to come into ISIL-controlled territory in cash rather than anything else. But I think increasingly we will see the sort of transfer of money through the Internet which is becoming more common elsewhere.    And so people who want to make donations will be able to send it to a bank probably in Turkey or in parts of Syria and Iraq which are not controlled by ISIL, but it will be cashed and then brought over the border. So there will be some sort of interaction with the international--    Mr. Barrett. I would say that the best tool, really, is to gather intelligence on how that is happening and then deal with the individual cases as they come up.    I think a blanket approach can be very difficult when you look at just sort of the variety that may be available and the fact that predominantly the cash will come into their territory in physical form rather than electronic form.    Mr. Barrett. Yes. I think Iran, like all nations, operates in its own best interests and it will identify those best interests in different ways according to the context of the international community around it.    Sure, Iran, if it had more money, might fund actors that the United States and its allies would not like to see better funded.    At the moment, of course, Iran is providing a huge amount of money to Syria, for example, to prop up the Assad regime. It is paying for various militia in Iraq, which, on the other hand, are probably the most effective forces against ISIL.    And I think that the main way of making sure that additional money will not be used in ways that we wouldn't like is to try to bring Iran much more into the international community so they identify their interests alongside everybody else's rather than being the sort of outlier who is always trying to sort of find advantage.    And that, of course, comes back to the fundamental problems in the Middle East of sectarianism, the competition between Saudi Arabia and Iran, and many, many other complex questions.    Mr. Barrett. I think that what you are doing is absolutely right because I think that, as corruption, corrupt officials, criminality, and so on--the lack of the rule of law is such a driver of terrorism in these areas where, essentially, the people are completely dissatisfied with what is provided by government.    The more you can sanction those individuals as government leaders and others who are involved in the corrupt practices and in the financial skullduggery that goes on in the general criminal world, then the less--obviously, the less dissatisfied people will be. If they see justice being served at least in another jurisdiction, even if not in their own, that will be very encouraging to them.    So I think that it has a knock-on effect on the terrorist problem.