    Ms. McCarthy. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, Ranking Member Cummings, and members of the committee, for the opportunity to testify today.    It really is an honor to serve as Administrator of the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency. EPA's mission to protect public health and the environment is important to every one of us and our families, and I understand and appreciate the committee's keen interest in EPA's work.    In order to best achieve our mission, one of the priorities for my tenure as Administrator has been embracing EPA as a high-performing organization. That means using our limited resources effectively, supporting our incredibly talented and dedicated workforce, so that EPA employees have the tools that they need to do the important work that we all ask of them every day, as well as ensuring that the Agency continues to rely on a faithful application of the law and science.    The overwhelming majority of the approximately 15,000 EPA employees are dedicated. They are hardworking, they are professional public servants. I personally remain very proud of the EPA's achievement in protecting public health and the environment on behalf of the American people and of the EPA employees who work hard every day to make those achievements possible.    But I also know that, over the last few years, there have been examples of a few EPA employees who have engaged in serious misconduct. While I firmly believe these employees are isolated examples, I believe we always can and must do better. To that end, we have made a number of changes to Agency management processes and procedures, and we will continue to strive for continuous improvement in this area.    While not the subject of today's hearing, with the committee's encouragement, we have been working closely with our inspector general to enable the Agency to expeditiously take administrative action with regard to certain types of employee misconduct. The Agency and the OIG have now biweekly meetings to discuss the status of those investigations into employee misconduct, and we have agreed upon a set of procedures and timelines for information-sharing in certain categories of cases.    These meetings and procedures have helped us facilitate the Agency's ability to take action more quickly upon completion of the OIG investigations. The Agency and the OIG sent a joint letter to the committee outlining this progress earlier this year.    As I understand it, today's hearing is focused primarily on the events surrounding a misconduct situation which occurred in 2011 at our Region 5 office in Chicago.    While the misconduct that is at the root of this case occurred before my tenure as Administrator, it is my understanding that, in this particular case, a Region 5 supervisor took action upon learning of the alleged misconduct of the individual and that the individual was subsequently held accountable and no longer works for the Agency.    While there were some difficulties and likely some miscommunications among the offices in the region which may have created confusion among those involved, through the efforts of all involved, disciplinary actions were taken that resulted in the subject employee no longer being a Federal employee.    I expect all managers to take appropriate and corrective disciplinary actions when they learn of potential misconduct by one of their employees, regardless of that employee's position at the Agency. Harassment of any kind in EPA workplaces is intolerable.    In December 2014, I reaffirmed the Agency's commitment to prohibit harassment in the workplace through an email to the entire Agency. In January, I sent a second Agency-wide email reminding everyone of the OIG's important role in routing out waste, fraud, and abuse at the Agency, ensuring employees were aware of their ability to contact the OIG Hotline about a matter.    The Agency also recognized the need to provide managers with clear guidance on what to do if they become aware of a matter--an alleged matter of harassment. Earlier this year, the first-ever comprehensive set of procedures evaluating allegations of harassment were developed and sent to the Agency's five units for bargaining.    When those discussions are concluded, we will finalize the order that formalizes the Agency's very first procedure for addressing allegations of workplace harassment. The order will provide for uniformity and transparency about expectations related to processing complaints of harassment, procedures for reporting and responding to those complaints, and guidance for engaging in related factfinding and decisionmaking.    We hope to conclude this process in the very near term. Having formal procedures to implement the Agency's anti-harassment policy will provide the clarity we need for managers and employees in preventing and stopping harassment of any kind.    In closing, I am honored to serve this agency and the people of the United States. I am proud of the great work accomplished every day by all of the employees at EPA, and I am excited about the progress we are making as an agency.    With that, I look forward to taking questions.    Ms. McCarthy. No, I do not.    Ms. McCarthy. You know, I think that--Mr. Chairman, I want to just confirm that harassment of any kind is not tolerated. You know, as a 61-year-old woman who started in a man's field----    Ms. McCarthy. No, sir.    Ms. McCarthy. No, I did not indicate that.    Ms. McCarthy. I indicated that what I look at is the entire facts around the case. And, clearly, we had confusion in how we investigated it, but they were part of a large team that actually recommended removal of that employee, and they are no longer in Federal employ.    Ms. McCarthy. There was nothing to retaliate, and retaliation will not be tolerated.    Ms. McCarthy. There were issues long before the issue of sexual harassment that arose----    Ms. McCarthy. --about Mr. Tuttle's performance that is well-documented, and he still is a productive and valued member of EPA's----    Ms. McCarthy. It is the same as in the law, sir. And any harassment or bullying is not tolerated at EPA. This is not a----    Ms. McCarthy. I think, sir, if you look at the----    Ms. McCarthy. --entire record, you'll see that these are regular performance issues that we have resolved separately. It is not a retaliation.    Ms. McCarthy. Was there any criminal referral? In this particular case----    Ms. McCarthy. --I do not believe so.    Ms. McCarthy. It was properly referred to the correct agencies within the----    Ms. McCarthy. The Office of Human Resources in that region.    Ms. McCarthy. Well, that is----    Ms. McCarthy. The employee was removed, sir, not reprimanded. He was removed from service.    Ms. McCarthy. I am aware----    Ms. McCarthy. I am aware that 11 years ago there was an issue raised. And it was handled appropriately, is my understanding----    Ms. McCarthy. No. He was----    Ms. McCarthy. He was carefully watched. The very minute----    Ms. McCarthy. --we had any indication----    Ms. McCarthy. The very minute we had any indication of impropriety, which was the recent issue, we took prompt action. And in less than 2 months, that man----    Ms. McCarthy. We are doing everything we can to reenforce the policy in the law. We are developing procedures so there's never a question about this. And we are doing everything----    Ms. McCarthy. --we can to protect every employee----    Ms. McCarthy. I did send them to the correct authorities.    Ms. McCarthy. Human Resources recommended the same thing as every manager, which was to actually proceed to removal. The man is no longer in Federal----    Ms. McCarthy. I am aware of one complaint 11 years ago and the complaint that was just processed under my watch, which resulted in his removal from public service within 5 or 6 weeks.    Ms. McCarthy. He was allowed to retire because that is his right.    Ms. McCarthy. Even if he were fired, he was allowed to retire.    Ms. McCarthy. Oh, I absolutely do, and that was----    Ms. McCarthy. We took the appropriate action.    Ms. McCarthy. I think it is not only against the law, but it is also against our policies. And we acted under the policies and the law when we--when it led to the removal of him from public office.    Ms. McCarthy. Mr. Chaffetz, I have two young daughters just about this woman's age.    Ms. McCarthy. I appreciate the fact that----    Ms. McCarthy. There was absolutely no information that I was aware of or that the people investigating this when this intern spoke up that there was any consistent harassment until the day she spoke up.    I am not blaming her. She is in a very difficult situation that none of us want her to be in.    Ms. McCarthy. But we can't know----    Ms. McCarthy. --things that have never been--when things aren't spoken up.    Ms. McCarthy. Well, I am happy to move forward in whatever----    Ms. McCarthy. The individual could have. We responded appropriately under our policies in the law. If additional work is necessary or referrals, we are happy to do that.    I did not make a decision that this shouldn't move there. I operated under the policies in the law to move forward. And, in fact, we expedited this in a way that Mr. Cummings has been asking us to do for a long time, which is quickly and decisively.    Ms. McCarthy. No.    Ms. McCarthy. I am not aware of that obligation, no. I am aware that we have to follow it up and appropriately take steps that are appropriate for the circumstances, which is exactly what we did.    Ms. McCarthy. No, my step and the step that led to his removal is what I am referring to. I do not know what you are referring to in terms of four cubicles----    Ms. McCarthy. I did not treat this as a criminal activity as opposed to an appropriate anti-harassment issue. That is how it is worked. That is how it is done.    Ms. McCarthy. Well, part of the challenge, Mr. Chair, is--I am happy to talk to the woman involved, but part of the decision is that that woman chose a number of different paths she could take. It is always open to her. Frankly, I am not comfortable making decisions for a young woman who probably wants to move on, when I have already taken all of the actions I can do under my own authority.    Ms. McCarthy. And I am not sure you----    Ms. McCarthy. --should make that decision on her behalf either.    Ms. McCarthy. Yes.    Ms. McCarthy. Absolutely.    Ms. McCarthy. Mr. Cummings, any recommendation that a dedicated employee of EPA wants to make I am going to look at, period. But I will explain a couple of things.    In our counsel office, we have a dedicated independent unit that specifically is there to support OCR and EEO complaints. They are independent of all of the other lawyers in the office and act that way.    We also have an Office of the Inspector General, who I think this committee, above all others, will know is extremely independent. We do not always agree, but they do their jobs well, and they push us to get better all the time. And we need to respect that they are available.    There's also an Office of Special Counsel that is available external to the Agency specifically as an independent body to support these issues.    So there are layers of opportunities here that folks have, and I am happy to explain that to them. And if that is inadequate, I will listen to what else they might recommend that we do.    Ms. McCarthy. Yeah.    Ms. McCarthy. I certainly will take a look at it. I can't say that I am familiar enough with the role of an ombudsman and how that interacts with other legal statutes and requirements. But I am happy to take it back, and we'll come back to you.    Ms. McCarthy. If possible, maybe I could have our staff work together and develop a reasonable schedule that you'd think was appropriate.    Ms. McCarthy. Well, certainly, we want to move forward to make sure our anti-harassment procedures are in place so that it avoids confusion. Because I think part of that really led really good individuals, as well as two managers, into a difficult situation. So we'll get those done, and that will help.    But the idea that we would provide, sort of, uniform measures really negates our ability to look at each case on its own merits and give each employee, whether they are a manager or not, their due process, which is just as important to me, to make sure that we do thorough investigations and do this with due process.    Ms. McCarthy. I think part of the issue that I am hearing is the sense that there's a double standard----    Ms. McCarthy. --in the Agency.    Ms. McCarthy. And, you know, I----    Ms. McCarthy. I am working hard to make sure that that is not the case. And that is what these policies and procedures are about.    But, honestly, this has not been raised as an issue to me. And I am really surprised that people do not find that the OIG is independent and effective in looking at these issues.    Ms. McCarthy. You know, I would welcome that.    Ms. McCarthy. Yeah.    Ms. McCarthy. Good.    Ms. McCarthy. Absolutely.    Ms. McCarthy. Yeah.    Ms. McCarthy. Well, Ranking Member, the issue in Region 5 that the chairman was referencing involves what I consider to be very valued and successful members of this agency. I am not disputing their value or my willingness to work with them as continued wonderful employees at the Agency.    There was clearly a problem. The question I was asked was whether it was directly retaliatory, and my concern is that this committee needs to see the entire record.    Ms. McCarthy. Yeah. So I think it is just important, and not because I am disputing how they feel----    Ms. McCarthy. --but just what the facts are on the ground.    And I will continue to work with these employees and others. Now that I know that there's a concern here, there will be no stopping our ability to work together. The unions are our partners. We are going to make sure that happens.    Ms. McCarthy. I am happy to request it. I am happy to, sir.    Ms. McCarthy. Yes.    Ms. McCarthy. Yes.    Ms. McCarthy. Absolutely.    Ms. McCarthy. I agree. And I am certainly not trying to be defensive of the Agency, just defending due process for everybody involved. And I will work hard on this, Mr.----    Ms. McCarthy. I have been reading about them, yes.    Ms. McCarthy. Just from what I've read. I have not seen the memo myself.    Ms. McCarthy. That is correct.    Ms. McCarthy. That is my understanding, yes.    Ms. McCarthy. Since I am not privy to the exact language in the memo, I can't speak directly. But I can tell you that, in working with Jo-Ellen Darcy on this rule, she indicated that all of the concerns of the Army Corps had been satisfied. In moving forward with the final, I individually had conversations with her about the changes that the Army Corps was interested in making as the proposal moved through the interagency process, and I understood that everything had been fully satisfied.    Ms. McCarthy. I wasn't privy to the exact interagency discussion within the Army Corps. I was privy with--I had a close working relationship, as did our staff, and that is what produced the final rule. And they understood that all concerns were satisfied.    Ms. McCarthy. I disagree with that, sir. I think it follows----    Ms. McCarthy. They certainly are.    Ms. McCarthy. They are.    Ms. McCarthy. That is right.    Ms. McCarthy. That is my understanding.    Ms. McCarthy. I certainly can, and I am happy to provide a more complete report after the hearing.    But we have had anti-harassment policy in place. People are trained in accordance with all of the policies. When an issue arises, one of the first things we look at is ensuring that they have been properly trained and that there will be no repeat of any violating behavior.    You know, we take these issues incredibly seriously. And one of the things that is happened under my tenure is a continued increase in our training budget, not just for managers but for other employees, so that people can know what their rights are, know what the appropriate recourse is if they feel like they have had issues that arise that they are uncomfortable with or they do not understand.    And I think we are going to keep trying to do the best we can to both document training but to increase training availability. It is been very difficult at the Agency to adjust to budget cuts, but the last thing I am going to do is disinvest in the employees of this agency.    Ms. McCarthy. Right.    Ms. McCarthy. I believe they are, but I will go back and double check. I think I am distressed by the same issue. It seems as if they knew the Office of the Inspector General was available but did not feel comfortable or that they would be independent. You know, we are--and I will talk about that and figure out what else we do.    But there is training. People know who to call. One of the things we are working on on anti-harassment is, while we have had a good policy, I think we haven't had the procedures in place to implement that consistently and effectively, which is why we just did that.    I just asked that that policy be developed. What happened is the five unions wanted to bargain on the implementation of that policy. And that is where we are today. My hope is that that will provide added clarity, and we'll integrate that into a more rigorous training program, as well.    Ms. McCarthy. Well, Congresswoman, first of all, I am glad of the commitment to endangered species, and I share it. We will make sure that the final rules actually meet our obligation under the Endangered Species Act.    Ms. McCarthy. Well, Congresswoman, as you know, this issue has arisen during the proposal period for 111(d). We will certainly take a look at this comment, and we will abide by the law as we finalize the rule.    Ms. McCarthy. I can only speak to my own knowledge, which I personally have not.    Ms. McCarthy. I do not know the process that has been established by the Agency and the staff so far.    Ms. McCarthy. Well, I know, Congresswoman, that when the rule comes out in final form, you will see this as a comment in response, and it will be fully responsive to your request.    Ms. McCarthy. I can't answer that specific question any more directly than I just did, which is the folks are aware of the concern that is been raised, and they will address that concern, and we will make sure that when the final rule comes out it is consistent with our requirements under the Endangered Species Act.    Ms. McCarthy. That will also, I am sure, be thoroughly discussed, but I will make sure that is the case as we look at the response to comment in the rule.    Ms. McCarthy. While I can't speak directly to a legislative proposal, I can indicate to you that EPA strives to protect all of our employees from discrimination, and we hold our employees and our managers accountable for their actions.    Ms. McCarthy. I am happy to provide technical assistance on this. And I think, as you know, I personally and the Agency would support any effort to ensure that our employees are not----    Ms. McCarthy. I would be happy to support an independent look at this. And, in fact, Congresswoman, I think we still have work to do within EPA. I mean, every agency has to continue to be diligent, but one of the things we have put on the table is much more concise and well-spelled-out procedures that managers need to follow and that employees can count on when these complaints come forward. We need to get that over the finish line, complete the review of the union, because we welcome their input on it. But we all have to keep struggling on this issue.    And I am not claiming that EPA is above where any other agency is. Bullying happens at all levels whenever there is a power difference between one employee and another. And we have to constantly be as diligent as----    Ms. McCarthy. I will be as brief as possible.    We do have an OIG Hotline, which is the most direct way for anybody to raise an issue.    Ms. McCarthy. It is, yes.    But more to your point, I am happy to talk to Ms. Kellen about any suggestion she has for how we can proactively address this issue and not wait until it has to go to a hotline.    Ms. McCarthy. No, sir, that is not what I indicated. I said that I have not personally had those conversations.    Ms. McCarthy. Well, the obligation of the development of the rule in addressing those issues falls to--I guess our Assistant Administrator at the Office of Air and Radiation would be the next one to look at this issue.    Ms. McCarthy. You know, I do not run the day-to-day work of the rule. As you know, we have received lots of comments on this rule. This is certainly on the radar screen, and I am confident that we will put out the rule in a way that addresses this----    Ms. McCarthy. Absolutely.    Ms. McCarthy. I just said I did not participate in conversations myself. That is all I am----    Ms. McCarthy. All I know is that my staff and I are well aware that we have an obligation to meet the rules under the Endangered Species Act, and we will do that.    Ms. McCarthy. I honestly do not recall whether I've had that direct conversation. I may have, but it is----    Ms. McCarthy. The EPA has to abide by the law on the final rule, and we will.    Ms. McCarthy. I am happy to get back to you, as I indicated----    Ms. McCarthy. There are many comments that we receive that I do not follow directly up on. But I am----    Ms. McCarthy. I do not know.    Ms. McCarthy. I know that the law has to be upheld, and I know that happens when we issue the final rule, which has not happened yet.    Ms. McCarthy. I remember in the Regulatory Impact Analysis there was an estimate of potential closings as a result of decisions the States might make as a result of that rule.    Ms. McCarthy. Okay.    Ms. McCarthy. Which plant did you say, sir? I am sorry.    Ms. McCarthy. Not if it was called to my attention. And, certainly, EPA won't ignore the law either.    Ms. McCarthy. I do not have--it is not--there's no belief system I have about coal at all, sir. All I do is enforce the law.    Ms. McCarthy. No.    Ms. McCarthy. Yes, I--that is a factual issue.    Ms. McCarthy. I think they offer tremendous value to energy----    Ms. McCarthy. No, I do not have any----    Ms. McCarthy. --belief as to whether they should be shut down or not shut down. I do not--that is not a belief system for me, sir. I appreciate the value that coal brings to our energy supply system and how valuable it is----    Ms. McCarthy. I have no such belief that they should be shut down.    Ms. McCarthy. I have no belief----    Ms. McCarthy. I believe there are two things happening. One is there is a transition in the energy world, and coal is becoming less competitive because of inexpensive natural gas. And I believe that we are putting rules out that are related to pollution from those----    Ms. McCarthy. There are----    Ms. McCarthy. My understanding is that we have made tremendous progress into----    Ms. McCarthy. I am trying to answer your question, sir.    I do not believe that we were withholding information or that MOU indicated that we would be. However, I've addressed every one of Art's concerns, including rescinding that MOU, having----    Ms. McCarthy. --direct contact with the staff, reaching an agreement with the FBI on how to integrate the OIG into all of the efforts that they are concerned about at our Office of Homeland Security so that Homeland Security can perform their programmatic functions and never ever be viewed by the IG or anyone as above the law, in terms of allowing the IG access to information they need to do their job.    We have made great progress in that venue.    Ms. McCarthy. I am not sure I understand what this refers to, sir, but I do not want----    Ms. McCarthy. --you getting the impression that we are withholding any information that the IG needs to do its job.    Ms. McCarthy. And I think the IG understands that.    Ms. McCarthy. Okay.    Ms. McCarthy. As far as I know, the IG and the Office of Homeland Security are working collaboratively to ensure that the Office of the Inspector General can do its job while the Office of Homeland Security can perform its programmatic functions.    Ms. McCarthy. That is how it is supposed to work.    Ms. McCarthy. Yes.    Ms. McCarthy. Thank you.    Ms. McCarthy. I have dictated that as an absolute requirement of our Office of Homeland Security. We met with the Federal Bureau of Investigation; we set up a process to ensure that is happening. And I have heard no further concern of the inspector general that information that he is aware of is being somehow withheld.    Ms. McCarthy. Mr. Chairman, can I just make----    Ms. McCarthy. --sure I know which incident he is talking about?    I am aware of an investigation. I am unaware of any raid.    Ms. McCarthy. Okay. Thank you.    Ms. McCarthy. Okay.    Ms. McCarthy. I am happy to follow up on that, sir.    Ms. McCarthy. The Regional Administrator?    Ms. McCarthy. Certainly.    Ms. McCarthy. Okay.    Ms. McCarthy. In this instance?    Ms. McCarthy. Well, I do not--I do not know what her direct involvement has been. I am aware of the full record, and I know that the employee in question basically left Federal service, which I think was the appropriate thing to do. I do not know her direct involvement in the retaliatory issues.    Ms. McCarthy. Generally----    Ms. McCarthy. Yeah.    Ms. McCarthy. Yes.    Ms. McCarthy. Yeah.    Ms. McCarthy. Well, you know, we have to be as diligent as we possibly can, because----    Ms. McCarthy. --one is one too many, and I understand that.    I want to make it clear to you, Mr. Chairman, that we are not just putting another policy out. We are actually doing an implementation, procedures, so that the employees can know what it is, we can hold managers accountable for doing--for actually following those procedures.    So we are working through that with the union because I understood that this issue has been raised. But, you know, we'll continue to be as diligent as we possibly can. We'll find out what we need to do to make it more comfortable for these women to come forward. This is a very difficult situation that I take very seriously.    Ms. McCarthy. You have not said anything I disagree with what--how you would handle it. My concern is making sure that we follow due process for the employees. That is equally important to me. Whether you are an employee or you are a manager, I am going to follow due process.    Ms. McCarthy. Okay.    Ms. McCarthy. But I want to make clear to you, Mr. Chairman, the managers in that situation absolutely agreed, as well. It provided an opportunity during----    Ms. McCarthy. --the process for more women to come forward.    Ms. McCarthy. That was the decision of the management, was to call for that gentleman's removal.    Ms. McCarthy. Well----    Ms. McCarthy. No. I just wanted to say I couldn't agree with you more that we have to be serious and diligent. Let me go back and see what else the individuals or the unions would suggest, and we'll keep working through this issue.    I just do not want to leave here with you thinking that I do not take these issues seriously, because we absolutely do. And I am going through not just policies and procedures, but we will do everything we can to follow up on the issues that were raised to you today.    Ms. McCarthy. Had they been raised to me earlier, maybe we would be further along. But I respect the rights of every employee at EPA and the unions to come to you or anybody else with these issues. And I will not hold that against them. I will work with them.    Ms. McCarthy. Yes, sir.    Ms. McCarthy. I will do that.    Ms. McCarthy. And, Mr. Chairman----    Ms. McCarthy. --I am very happy that you are taking this seriously.    Ms. McCarthy. Yes.    Ms. McCarthy. I am happy to talk to the inspector general about that, but that is----    Ms. McCarthy. Well, part of that is the discussion of our implementation that is currently happening with the unions----    Ms. McCarthy. --because we want these issues implemented.    Ms. McCarthy. It is--generally, this is not a criminal issue. It is an administrative procedure that goes to our Office of Human Resources.    Ms. McCarthy. But we work with the IG on these issues. We do not----    Ms. McCarthy. --exclude them from----    Ms. McCarthy. No--well----    Ms. McCarthy. --we do not need to rehash this, other than to recognize that we both share the same concern. And you have my assurance----    Ms. McCarthy. And I will. And I have.    Ms. McCarthy. Well----    Ms. McCarthy. Yes.    Ms. McCarthy. Yes, sir.    Ms. McCarthy. Well, in issues of national security, we just have to make sure that the appropriate individual receiving that information has the appropriate clearance.    Ms. McCarthy. That is the agreement that was reached, and that is what we operate----    Ms. McCarthy. I can't speak to whether it is unfettered. I know what my responsibility is, to make sure that they can do their jobs effectively and----    Ms. McCarthy. I believe we are, but you can speak with Mr. Elkins directly. We have----    Ms. McCarthy. It is. And I've answered the question, sir.    Ms. McCarthy. They should have access that is appropriate for them to do their jobs and----    Ms. McCarthy. --and have the appropriate clearance.    Ms. McCarthy. And they have that.    Ms. McCarthy. I just do not want----    Ms. McCarthy. I am not a lawyer. I just do not want to have you ask me a direct legal question and me pretend I am one, and I do not want to go down that road. I do not know----    Ms. McCarthy. --what the term ``unfettered'' means.    Ms. McCarthy. Well, why do not we work with your staff and we'll make that determination----    Ms. McCarthy. --and I will do the best I can to meet that.    Ms. McCarthy. I can explain to you, sir, how we have reached an agreement with both OHS and the----    Ms. McCarthy. --and the FBI.    Ms. McCarthy. Well----    Ms. McCarthy. I am sorry, sir.    Ms. McCarthy. I've already responded that I believe we are providing them access to every information they need. And that is already happening, and there is a process for that. I had to protect the interests of the intelligence community. I've done that, and the IG can do their jobs.    Ms. McCarthy. Right.    Ms. McCarthy. Would it be okay if I ask my----    Ms. McCarthy. --attorney what an----    Ms. McCarthy. --appropriate date might be?    Ms. McCarthy. Okay.    Is 30 to 60 days okay?    Ms. McCarthy. That sounds like 30.    Ms. McCarthy. I would be happy do that.    Ms. McCarthy. And I apologize. I wasn't trying to confuse the issue. I just did not want to act like----    Ms. McCarthy. Thank you.    Ms. McCarthy. I am aware of when she reported it and when the person was removed from----    Ms. McCarthy. --Federal service. Yeah.    Ms. McCarthy. Yes.    Ms. McCarthy. I think 11 years prior to----    Ms. McCarthy. Yes.    Ms. McCarthy. I do.    Ms. McCarthy. Yeah.    Ms. McCarthy. It is my honor, Mr. Chairman. Thank you.