    Mr. Coffman. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. McFarland and Dr. LaPlante, given the importance associated with the payloads we are talking about here, I think is described by General Hyten, do you agree that any future launch contracts should put a premium on full certification based on demonstrated launch success?    Mr. Coffman. Okay.    Mr. Coffman. General Hyten, anything?    General Hyten. The certification process--this is the first time we have been through a certification process, Congressman. And so the first time you go through with something, the nature of a bureaucracy is to make sure that you have everything covered. And so we did that. When you look back in hindsight, and we have just had an independent team look back and we will have some reports come through the Secretary of the Air Force shortly, but when you look back, there is probably some things we can do to streamline that. That is what Dr. LaPlante is referring to. I think there are smart things we can do in the future. You always learn the first time you go through something.    Mr. Coffman. Major General Mitchell.    General Mitchell. Yes. That is being looked at by General Larry Welch, who was a former chief of staff for the Air Force. He actually did two things, one for General Greaves in the certification of the Falcon 9 1.1 specifically, and then he is looking at the general overall process on part of that team that is supporting him in that look of can we improve the process without giving up mission assurance. And General Welch is very adamant about that because he goes back to the 1999 failures when he did the broad area review, and he has been engaged ever since then.    Mr. Coffman. Ms. McFarland and Dr. LaPlante, I think that everyone can agree that competition in any industry is a healthy dynamic that drives down cost and increases value to the U.S. Government. But, do you also agree that the foundation of any head-to-head competition between launch providers needs to be based on fair and open competition, taking into account any government-provided resources such as launch facilities, engineering services, or any other below-value government contribution?    Mr. Coffman. Okay. Any other comments? Okay.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I yield back.