    Mr. Fincher. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And, Director, thank you for being here with us today. I have a couple of questions. I am going to go through them quickly to give you enough time to respond to me.    Mr. Fincher. The first one, I am no stranger to manufactured housing.    Mr. Fincher. I talked about this. It is a bipartisan effort. In response to a question by Ranking Member Waters during last year's hearing when you were before the committee, during 2014, regarding what the CFPB was doing to solve the ongoing issues with CFPB's HOEPA Rule and its impact to manufactured housing lending, you said the CFPB was going to address their concerns and monitor the market, to see what the actual effect is. And we want to know what is actually happening and we will work with them to address those concerns. We know what is happening. We have seen some of the manufactured housing lenders reducing the amount of loans being offered.    We know that one of the companies that offers manufactured housing loans, and there are only a few, is no longer making loans for $20,000 or less. And we know that one of the banks that once offered such loans has completely pulled out of the manufactured housing lending market.    We have heard countless examples of consumers being impacted by the rule. And even the CFPB recognized in its own White Paper released last year on manufactured housing that the HOEPA Rules will have a disproportionate impact on the manufactured housing industry.    The report specifically states the Bureau has recognized certain provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act the Bureau implemented through the rules, which took effect in January 2014, may affect the market for smaller-sized mortgages, and more specifically the manufactured housing segment of the market in ways that differ from the rule's effect on other market segments.    So I ask you, what have you done besides issue a White Paper that proves our point that the majority of manufactured housing loans being made are being impacted by the rule, and what are you doing to protect my constituents and those looking for rural housing in America?    Now, before you answer, we do have a bipartisan solution, a bill, the Preserving Access to Manufactured Housing Act--Mr. Barr and Ms. Sewell and Ms. Sinema are original co-sponsors--that we are trying to move. But it would be much better if it could be done through your agency and not through legislation. You could help us out a lot by taking care of this at your level and not making us do legislation.    Mr. Fincher. Again, this goes back to--we have talked about this before. I will get to my last question. The folks at the top for the last 6 years have continued to do pretty well under this President.    But the guys and the gals in the middle and at the bottom are the ones being crushed by all of these rules and regulations. And whether it is Republican or Democrat and whether it is well-intentioned or not, growing the size of government never helps folks get on their feet and do better.    It always hurts, whether it is Republicans or Democrats. So let me get to my last question in 20 seconds. The mortgage rate checker is something that has been released. It is really muddying the waters. Why is it that ahead of this effort, the Bureau posted an incomplete and imprecise rate checker to help consumers when it is not accurate. Where are you getting that information and why did you do it prematurely?    Mr. Fincher. Where are you getting that information to set the rates? Where are you pulling that data from?    Mr. Fincher. But it doesn't include APR. It hides important information in fine print, and makes critical assumptions that impact rates. It could be very misleading to a consumer's actual transaction--    Mr. Fincher. Google is different than the CFPB. I yield back, Mr. Chairman.