    Mr. Johnson. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Today's hearing is a welcome opportunity to continue this Subcommittee's examination of competition in the healthcare marketplace. The topic of today's hearing, competition in the pharmacy marketplace, will explore the role of pharmacy benefit managers, or PBMs, in ensuring competitive and affordable drug prices for American consumers. In the pharmacy marketplace, PBMs serve as the intermediary between the manufacturers and wholesalers of prescription drugs and the payers of health insurance benefits. In their role as the intermediary in this market, PBMs administer prescription drug benefits to approximately 95 percent of Americans who receive prescription drug benefits. Furthermore, through their contracts with health payers such as health insurance companies, PBMs are responsible for negotiating the cost and availability of prescription drugs with manufacturers and wholesalers.    In short, PBMs are a critical gatekeeper in the prescription drug benefit system. It is, therefore, imperative that we fully understand the functioning of this market from both a competition and regulatory perspective to determine whether consumers are receiving the most affordable prices for prescription drugs. From a competition perspective, some have suggested that there is significant horizontal consolidation in the PBM market.    And, furthermore, that this horizontal consolidation is compounded by the vertical integration of certain PBMs into the mail order and retail pharmacy market. While the Federal Trade Commission has studied this issue on several occasions and reached the conclusion that the PBM market is adequately competitive, as Commissioner Julie Brill has noted, the FTC has not conducted a further study of the PBM industry since 2005, other than to review the ESI Medco merger in 2012, which did not examine issues surrounding PBM, plan designs such as PBM fee and compensation transparency.    It is therefore incumbent upon this Subcommittee to conduct a thorough inquiry on this matter which I hope that today's hearing provides. From a regulatory perspective, it has also been suggested that PBMs pricing techniques, rebate schemes and formulary designs have resulted in higher costs to consumers. I hope that today's hearing also serves as a fruitful discussion of this topic particularly with regard to the Department of Labor's inquiry into this matter last year.    As Consumers Union has noted, effective regulation and effective competition work hand in hand. And the less we can rely on effective competition, the more important it is that regulation ensures effective transparency to reduce the potential for abuse. I strongly agree. While the PBM marketplace is undoubtedly convoluted, today's hearing will serve as an important basis for determining whether consumers are receiving the best prices for prescription drugs or whether we should do more to ensure affordable and transparent markets for prescription drugs.    I thank the Chair for continuing this series. And before closing I ask unanimous consent that the written statement of Lynn Quincy and George Slover of Consumer's Union be made a part of the record.    Mr. Johnson. I yield back.    Mr. Johnson. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Mr. Balto, please explain how a lack of transparency in the PBM marketplace may be undermining competition and consumer choice, and limit your answer to 1 minute, please.    Mr. Johnson. Thank you. Mr. Arthur, some of your fellow witnesses contend that PBMs benefit consumers because their scale allows them to negotiate effectively with drug companies to keep patient premiums and cost sharing manageable. What's your response to that?    Mr. Johnson. All right. Thank you. Mr. Balto, why do you believe the Federal Trade Commission has not been vigorous enough in it's enforcement efforts with respect to PBMs, give me this in 30 seconds?    Mr. Johnson. Thank you. Ms. Bricker. Mr. Balto suggestions that rapidly rising profits in recent years suggest that PBMs are not fully passing on savings from drug manufacturer rebates and discounts on to health plans and consumers. What's your response to that?    Mr. Johnson. Your response, Mr. Balto, in 30 seconds?    Mr. Johnson. Okay. Ms. Pons, CVS recently completed the acquisition of Omnicare, a very large provider of long-term pharmacy services. From a consumer and patients perspective this could be concerning as now your company is both a retail pharmacy, PBM and LTC provider with a sizable market share. Although the acquisition is very new and you are still working on the integration, what assurances can you provide today that this will not negatively impact the level of service and care to some of the Nation's most vulnerable and fragile patients residing in nursing homes?    Mr. Johnson. All right. Thank you. Last, Mr. Arthur, some of you fellow witnesses--Well I see I'm out of time so I will--Okay. All right.    In response to concerns about unfair terms between independent pharmacies and PBMs, some have argued that pharmacies could simply refuse to accept the PBMs proposed terms and conditions or come together to negotiate more acceptable contract terms. Why is this not a sufficient answer in your view?    Mr. Johnson. All right. Thank you Mr. Arthur. And thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Johnson. That's right.