    Mr. DeSantis. The Subcommittee on National Security will come to order.    Without objection, the chair is authorized to declare a recess at any time.    Since 2002, the United States has appropriated more than $107 billion for relief and reconstruction in Afghanistan. These funds are provided to assist once Afghanistan in building its national security forces, promoting good governance, conduct development assist, and engage in counter-narcotics and anti-corruption efforts.    For Fiscal Year 2016, the President has requested more than $5.3 billion in additional reconstruction funding for Afghanistan, consisting of over $1.5 billion for State U.S. Agency for International Development, USAID efforts and $3.8 billion for the DOD to train, equip, and sustain the Afghan National Security Forces, which include the Afghan army and police.    Congress created the Office of Special Inspector General for Afghanistan Reconstruction, SIGAR, to provide independent and objective oversight of Afghanistan reconstruction projects and activities. Two recent reports from SIGAR on personnel and payroll data have called into question how efficiently U.S. funds have been spent on the Afghan National Security Forces and how effective that funding has been. In a January 2015 report, SIGAR found that the process used by the Afghan National Police for collecting attendance data, which forms the basis of all Afghan National Police personnel and payroll data, has ``weak controls and limited oversight.''    To ensure that attendance data is correct, Afghan Police personnel are supposed to sign in and out on a roster daily. According to SIGAR, though, even these rudimentary safeguards are not followed. Instead, it was found that commanding officers have been recording and reporting patrolman attendance manually as part of daily food provision requirements. Because personnel receive a cash stipend to purchase food for each day they work, a lack of oversight controls could incentivize commanding officers to falsify officers' attendance to obtain this stipend.    SIGAR found no examples of direct oversight during attendance data collection and reporting to ensure that such malfeasance did not occur, and police personnel could therefore collect pay for days that they did not work. Moreover, SIGAR determined that data systems used to store, access, transfer and use police personnel and payroll data contained incomplete and incorrect data and weak internal controls. Finally, not even the unique identification number issued to each member of the force is being used consistently or effectively to track attendance and to pay salaries.    Similar issues were identified in a report SIGAR issued yesterday on payroll and personnel issues in the Afghan National Army. In that report, SIGAR found that the only control in place at the unit level to ensure accurate attendance reporting on a day-to-day basis, a roster that individual army and air force personnel sign daily, was not consistently used across Afghan National Army locations.    Specifically, although two of the three units that SIGAR visited presented signed roster books, the third roster book did not contain such signatures. Rather, attendance was verified by checkmarks apparently entered by a single individual. Even where rosters were used as intended, Government officials did not observe the signing of the rosters, review the rosters for verification purposes, or reconcile them against other personnel or payroll data.    SIGAR found that these weaknesses in Afghan National Army attendance data collection process could result in personnel being paid for days that they did not work. Further, it found that as U.S. and coalition forces draw down in Afghanistan, the U.S. Government will become even more dependent on the ability of the Afghan Ministry of Defense to verify the accuracy of the personnel and payroll data it collects. Unless and until the Ministry develops the capability to ensure and verify the accuracy of this data, SIGAR determined, ``there is a significant risk that U.S. funding for Afghan National Army salaries will be wasted or abused.''    The payroll and attendance data collected by the Afghan National Security Forces has two purposes. First, it is collected to ensure that officers are paid for the days they work and are not paid for the days they don't. In addition to ensuring against corruption, accurate payroll data helps protect the American public's money by making it more likely that U.S. aid is spent appropriately.    Of equal importance is the fact that the data is collected to assist the Afghan National Security Forces in assessing whether they have the manpower that they need to carry out their crucial mission of protecting the Afghani people and, by extension, American interests. SIGAR's findings call into question how effectively U.S. taxpayer dollars are being spent in Afghanistan and whether a different scheme for U.S. funding to the Afghan National Security Forces is needed to achieve the dual goals of protecting the Afghani people and advancing U.S. security interests in Afghanistan.    The subcommittee will address these two issues with Mr. Sopko today.    I now recognize the gentleman from Massachusetts, Mr. Lynch, the ranking member, for his opening Statement.    Mr. DeSantis. Thank you.    I will hold the record open for five legislative days for any members who would like to submit a written Statement.    We will now recognize our witness this morning. I am pleased to welcome the Honorable John Sopko, Special Inspector General for Afghanistan Reconstruction.    Welcome, Mr. Sopko. Pursuant to committee rules, all witnesses will be sworn in before they testify. Please raise your right hand.    Do you solemnly swear or affirm that the testimony you are about to give will be the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth?    Mr. DeSantis. The witness answered in the affirmative.    Thank you. Please be seated. In order to allow time for discussion, please limit your testimony to 5 minutes. Your entire written Statement will be made a part of the record. You are now recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. DeSantis. Thank you, Mr. Sopko.    The chair now recognizes himself for 5 minutes.    To what extent does the U.S. Government have oversight over the U.S. funding that is paid to the Afghan National Security Force personnel?    Mr. DeSantis. So at least for those subordinate units, the U.S. Government, we are basically entirely relying on the government of Afghanistan to oversee the accuracy and reliability of the payments?    Mr. DeSantis. So no U.S. personnel involved in taking attendance, overseeing any payments?    Mr. DeSantis. Does the U.S. military in Afghanistan have the resources it needs to help the Ministry of Interior and the Ministry of Defense improve their personnel and payroll systems, and to better account for on-budget assistance funding?    Mr. DeSantis. With the pending cuts to your staff due to the ``right-sizing'' that you alluded to, what do you estimate will be the impact on your ability to conduct oversight?    Mr. DeSantis. When we had the Afghan president address the joint session, some of my constituents would ask, well, is this a lot better than Karzai. So in your experience, at least in terms of the ability to have accountability, you do think that there is a significant improvement?    Mr. DeSantis. Great. Well, thank you for that.    My time is expired and I will now recognize the ranking member, Mr. Lynch, for 5 minutes.