    Mr. Poliquin. Thank you, Mr. Cordray, for being here. I appreciate it.    Now my understanding, sir, is that you run a new agency here in Washington that is an independent agency within the Federal Reserve with roughly 1,450 employees in Washington. Is that correct, sir?    Mr. Poliquin. Yes. And my understanding is that you really--because the regulations that you folks go through whether it be automobile loans, the car loans or someone wanting to add on a convenience store you really--you regulate all of the finances that reach into all of our families across America.    Would you say that is about right?    Mr. Poliquin. Okay. That is close enough, but you can see where I am going with this, Mr. Cordray, can't you?    Mr. Poliquin. Okay. So you are essentially the consumer protection agency within Dodd-Frank that is responsible for making sure that taxpayers don't get ripped off, right?    Mr. Poliquin. Okay. My understanding, Mr. Cordray, is that you have a 5-year term appointed by the President. Is that correct, sir?    Mr. Poliquin. Okay, great. And during that--    Mr. Poliquin. And during your period of time I believe you don't report to anybody. Do you have a board of directors to report to?    Mr. Poliquin. Okay, fine. And the Federal Reserve, through their earnings, funds your operations, but since there is no appropriation from Congress, there is no oversight from Congress on how you spend your money. Is that correct, sir?    Mr. Poliquin. That is not correct.    Mr. Poliquin. Tell me why?    Mr. Poliquin. By whom?    Mr. Poliquin. Yes.    Mr. Poliquin. The board of directors is also--for the 5-year term, you can't be fired, correct? You can't be replaced.    Mr. Poliquin. Quickly, I am--    Mr. Poliquin. Twice a year--    Mr. Poliquin. Okay. Okay. So you claim this play of oversight. Would you explain to me, sir, so I can explain to the hardworking families that I represent in western, central, northern, and downeast Maine--who happen to be the most frugal, hardworking people you can possibly imagine, and who can stretch a dollar further than you can ever imagine--why you have a plan to spend $216 million to renovate an office building that you don't own?    Now also, if I may--    Mr. Poliquin. No, not yet.    Mr. Poliquin. If I am not mistaken, I think there is supposed to be a two-story waterfall in the building with a splash pool and a daycare center downstairs and a playground on the roof, is that correct? Do I have this right or do I have this wrong?    Mr. Poliquin. Tell me how wrong.    Mr. Poliquin. Are you folks in the office building right now?    Mr. Poliquin. I want to make sure that we get to the point why you think it is prudent to take taxpayer dollars and spend $216 million to renovate a building that you don't own.    Mr. Poliquin. So it is a $110 million--    Mr. Poliquin. $110 million is a market deal. Okay, fine. To me, it doesn't work that way.    Let's try to end this on a positive note--    Mr. Poliquin. Okay. There are a bunch of small community banks in our district and a bunch of credit unions and they have very long, deep relationships with our families in the second district. And we have a lot of seasonal workers up there.    Maybe someone is dragging for flounder, or someone is lobstering, or someone is working for the tourist industry, but our banks and our credit unions know these people, and they want to be able to lend to these families. Maybe someone needs to put a new diesel on his lobster boat. And they have known this family for many years.    Why don't we exempt any small community bank and credit union from what I call these character loans, such that we make sure your agency, your Bureau does not choke off credit to our families who really, really need it?    I am very concerned about making sure our small businesses and our families can get the loans they need to live better lives and grow their businesses and take care of their families.    Don't you think it is a good idea to go down that path, sir?    Mr. Poliquin. Terrific. Well--    Mr. Poliquin. I have an idea for you, instead of having thresholds where the number of loans that deal with the--or relate to the QM, why don't we just say if these community banks are traditional banks and they are taking deposits and they are lending out money, there is no risk to the secondary market, they are taking full responsibility and the rest of those loans, why aren't they all exempt?    Mr. Poliquin. There shouldn't be any--    Mr. Poliquin. Thank you.