    Mr. Israel. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Secretary, General, welcome.    Before I ask my question, I want to, Mr. Secretary, commend you. I know you make many smart decisions. One of the smartest is the appointment of Steve Hedger as principal deputy assistant secretary. He began his career in my office as a legislative assistant for defense issues.    Mr. Israel. And now we have embarrassed him thoroughly.    Mr. Secretary, a good part of the debate in this committee and the debate on the budget revolves around the issue of military hardware, platforms, technology, systems. I want to ask about the software, and by that I mean how we educate our officers, our troops, the intellectual talent that we need.    This is something I learned when I was on the HASC, and former Chairman Ike Skelton and I worked on professional military education. And I also learned it firsthand during a visit to Iraq when I was speaking with General Odierno and I asked him: What do you need? What kind of deficiencies do you have? And he went through a variety of issues, and then he said: You know what, Congressman, I think we could use some more cultural anthropologists. He said: You know, we need situational awareness, but situational awareness also includes an awareness of culture, an awareness of linguistics, you have got to know, when you are kicking in a door, who is behind the door.    And so I would like you to comment, Mr. Secretary, and then I will have a question for General Dunford, I would like for you to comment on, are we doing enough to invest in that software? And are some of the challenges that we are just too busy to learn? Are the challenges that our budgets just don't allow us to make those investments? And what more can we do on those professional military education obligations that we have?    Mr. Israel. Actually, General, if you would elaborate on that in the time I have left. And may I also ask you to comment on something I know you have worked on, and that is the value of mindfulness in helping to shape sharper and better minds in the military.    General Dunford. I will, Congressman. I will start with the mindfulness question.    I became aware of mindfulness about 6 years ago when I was commanding out on the West Coast the 1st Marine Expeditionary Force, and we were looking for ways to enhance the resilience of our marines and sailors at the time. And I got a briefing from a Dr. Liz Stanley at the time, who made it clear to me that mindfulness will help us in terms of enhancing resiliency of the force, mitigating the consequences of things like post-traumatic stress, but more importantly, enhancing the ability of people to deal with the challenges and focus on the challenges they confront at a particular time.    So I think there is a lot to that, and we have continued to work that over the last few years, and I think there is a lot of promise to enhance the capabilities of the force with mindfulness training.    Mr. Israel. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Israel. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I would like to focus on the Persian Gulf, another strategic area. And then if I have time, I may ask about the professional military education, one of my favorite topics, something you all know about. General Neller, in particular, at Marine Corps University. And Admiral Richardson, you and I have exchanged some Naval history books, and I appreciate that.    On the issue of the Persian Gulf, two areas, one long-term, strategically, I am interested in your views of Iranian maritime challenges and threats in the region of the Persian Gulf, Naval threat. And then more specifically, I would like you to comment on the incident that occurred in January when 10 sailors drifted into Iranian waters. They were arrested, they were questioned, they were released. I want you to comment on how that happened. If there are technical problems with deficiencies that lead our sailors into dangerous waters, what are the backup systems?    And third, what have we done with respect to assessing the ships that were temporarily captured to ensure that there is no malware, or other threats, or technologies that may have been installed or somehow appended to those vessels?    Mr. Israel. Admiral, is the near future next month? Next year? Give the committee a sense.    Mr. Israel. Mr. Chairman, I hope that we will invite them back to do a brief.    Mr. Israel. If I may just continue on the subject of the Persian Gulf. During the negotiations of the JCPOA, there were assessments that Iran was behaving in a more responsible fashion. I opposed the deal. There were assessments that Iran, during those negotiations, was not engaging in particularly belligerent or provocative behavior. Can you give us an assessment as to whether there has been any increase in provocation against any of our Naval assets in the Persian Gulf since the agreement has been signed?    Mr. Israel. And in deference to the committee, I have some questions on professional military education and I know you understand the value of that, and I am hopeful that you continue to address the value of professional military education, the software, as you are addressing many of the hardware----    Mr. Israel. Yes, thank you. Very briefly. On the issue of professional military education, most of this conversation has been about platforms, hardware technologies. If you could all very briefly comment on whether you think we are investing enough in training and ongoing education. Specifically, as a matter of career retention, offering opportunities, enhanced opportunities to learn should be an effective retention strategy. If you would all comment on that very briefly.    Mr. Israel. Thank you.    General Neller. I would just say that it is a very inexpensive way to maintain the professionalism, and the capability of the force is to continue to educate. So you train for the mission; you educate for the future. And so we are committed that we have, whether it is educational opportunities like the Secretary mentioned, professional military education for officers, and I think one thing that we have done better, but we need more work on, is for our enlisted force. Very, very, very smart people, and I don't think we are stressing them as much as we probably could to get more out of them.    So I would like to see, you know, more of our enlisted force because they are deployed. They are busy. And to ask them to get an associate or a bachelor's degree is a heavy lift, but because of the way the world is and because of the capabilities we are going to use, and the things that we are going have to be able to solve, and the problems, I know they have the capability and the motivation to do that. We have just got to create a better environment for them to have that opportunity.    So we are committed to that, because it is, in the overall scheme of things, it isn't a lot of money, and it is going to maintain the quality of the people, and it is going to keep them in. And that is really the most important thing is, we don't have to keep them all. We have got to keep enough of the very, very best that are going to lead us into the future.    Mr. Israel. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    General, thank you for being here.    Mr. Secretary, great to see you again. Enjoyed our service together in this institution.    Mr. Secretary, in your testimony you noted that a ready Army is a manned, trained, equipped, and well-led force. And I agree with you completely. It seems to me that another element of readiness, and I know that you agree with this, and I know General Milley agrees with this based on conversations, is an Army whose people are well educated, that they have certain skills and abilities based on professional military education, which is sensible, not only in an investment in the minds of our service men and women but also as a matter of just good smart retention and recruitment policy.    General, I was at West Point several years ago, and they had assembled for me a panel of captains and majors who had been deployed to theater, came back, received their master's degrees in international relations at Columbia University, got deployed again, and every single one told me they were much more effective warriors having a master's degree on their second deployment versus their first deployment. And that was part of a deal that they agreed to continue their service for an additional--I am not sure how many years it was--but additional service to the Army in exchange for that education.    So I would like both of you to comment on the value of professional military education, whether you believe that our current investments are covering what we need to be doing. Are there disincentives that are getting in the way of a track in professional military education? And, finally, I have not yet read the entirety of the National Commission on the Future of the Army, but did the Commission consider at all the issue of professional military education, how we ought to be addressing it in the future? And if you would both comment on those questions, I would be grateful.    Mr. Israel. Thank you.    General.    General Milley. Thanks, Congressman.    A couple of things. One of the things that I think distinguishes the United States military from almost every other military in the world is the adaptability of our officers, noncommissioned officers, and soldiers. And we are a product of our society. We are a product of our culture. And one of the things that I think is really important to understand about American soldiers is that we emphasize how to think about a problem, not what to think. Many, many armies train people what to think. You know, if confronted with this situation, execute 1, 2, 3, steps 4, 5, 6. We don't do that. We train people and we emphasize how to think, critical thinking, because ultimately we want the leadership to be adaptive and agile in a very complex environment. So you have got to figure out how to solve problems. So to that end, the Army education program writ large for enlisted and officers is multitiered. It is ad echelon. It is wide and deep. And it is probably--I don't know the advanced education programs for all of the commercial world out there, but I would argue that the United States Army's education program would match anything in the world today in any commercial industry anywhere. We take soldiers, and I will use officers as an example, train them and educate them at the lieutenant level after they graduate from university or West Point. Then they go back a few years later, after they have had some operational time and they get another career course as a captain. They come back out of the operational force; they go back yet again to Leavenworth, and they go to the staff college. They come back out, and they go back yet again to the War College as a full colonel. And then as the general officer corps, we have a series of educational--continuing educational--programs. And that is the norm.    Now, what you are talking about is advanced civil education where we send people to graduate school. We send a considerable amount of our officers to graduate school. It is very valuable. I am personally a participant in some of that stuff. And what is really important is that we get officers that come out of there that are critical thinkers and able to adapt in a complex world. So that is the end state we want. We want that product, and to date, we are very happy with it.    As we go into the years ahead, we want to expand those programs as part of our talent and management and not contract them. We want to expand them, because we find that they are very valuable, and the environments we are going into are increasingly complex. So they are very valuable. We fully support it.    Mr. Israel. Well, I would appreciate an opportunity to get with you separately to talk about how we can expand that and how we can contract some of the disincentives that occur to professional military education.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.