    Mr. Katko. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Katko. Mr. Kerlikowske, I seem to remember your name in supervisory circles when I was an OCADEF prosecutor for many, many years. So it is nice to see you in person, after all these years.    Just, for both of you, this doesn't require long answers, but I think you both admit that the issue of the waivers and extent of the waivers that were discussed in the bill were actually pretty well-discussed before it became law. Is that fair to say to both of you?    Mr. Katko. Okay. So they were discussed, and they were--and the very things that you are talking about now were rejected, as part of the final bill. So, now, we are at this process where I understand from your testimony before my--the whole time today, that you are going to great lengths to make sure that the people that are part of this--these exceptions that you are developing are properly vetted. Is that fair to say to both of you?    Mr. Katko. I have got a simple question for you, then. Why the heck didn't you just go along with what the law said and expedite the visa process for these people, instead of going to--driving these gigantic exceptions into the law that was clear, and you both acknowledge were fully discussed beforehand?    Why didn't you just go with the--why didn't you just expedite the Visa Waiver--I mean, the visa process for these individuals that were no longer eligible for Visa Waiver? Why not just take the visa process and say we are going to put this on steroids? We are gonna follow the letter of this law, instead of driving trucks through it with exceptions?    Why not just say, we are gonna make the visa process more streamlined for these individuals, so we--so they won't be too inconvenienced?    Mr. Katko. No, no. That is not my question. My question is, quite simply, why didn't you just take these individuals that were--that are now no longer eligible for a visa--visa waivers, and simply say, okay, now that you are not--you are inconvenienced by this, but we are gonna make it as simple as possible, because we don't want to disrupt travel. We don't want to disrupt everything.    Instead of sweeping them all under the umbrella of National security, which is, quite frankly, B.S., and why didn't you just do it the right way and just simply say those of you who now have to have visas, we are gonna make it--we are gonna expedite this, so you are minimally inconvenienced? Why didn't you do that?    Mr. Katko. But that is basically----    Mr. Katko . What you are treating them as right now, because you are doing an extra screening on them now. So what is the difference?    Mr. Katko. Okay. I understand this. You are starting to sound like Marco Rubio did Saturday night, here, okay? What I want to know is, from a--did you--first of all, I mean, a simple question. Did you even discuss or examine the possibility of simply expediting the visa process for these individuals, instead of just blowing an exception into this law?    Mr. Katko. Okay. So, if you are doing it for some people, right? That are affected by this, correct?    Mr. Katko. Why didn't you do it for these whole other categories that you guys grafted in here, knowing that you were going to incur the wrath of Congress, knowing that you were ignoring what Congressional intent was?    Mr. Katko. Well, okay. Well, we disagree. Let's--we disagree on that one. Okay? All right. Mr. Kerlikowske.    Mr. Katko. Right. I understand what you are saying, but--and I understand, you know, relationships are important. But there are ways to smooth over the relationship without ignoring the law. It just seems to us, here, and I think bipartisan, mostly, that the law was being ignored and the Congressional intent was being ignored.    I guess I would urge you to maybe explore the possibility of going back and rethinking this policy, and maybe, maybe, thinking about messaging to your--our partner countries, we want your business, but we are also concerned about National security. So, work with us, here. We will expedite the visa process for ya, and do it the right way.    That is--I would suggest you contemplate that. Thank you.    I now yield back.