    Ms. Goldfuss. Chairman Gohmert, Ranking Member Dingell, and members of the subcommittee, thank you for this opportunity to appear before you today to discuss this Administration's work on mitigation. I am really excited to discuss this policy, because we do see this as a good government approach.    We all have a moral obligation to the next generation to leave America's natural resources in better condition than when we inherited them. It is this same obligation that contributes to the strength of our economy and quality of the life we live today. American ingenuity has provided the tools that we need to avoid damage to the most special places in our Nation, and to find new ways to restore areas that have been degraded.    The Presidential Memorandum on Mitigation signed on November 3, 2015, reinforces the important point that development and environmental protection go hand in hand. Mitigation, which is the practice of avoiding, minimizing, and compensating for environmental impacts, and only compensating when all else is avoided, is necessary to protect and preserve our land, water, and wildlife. Specifically, this Memo encourages good government actions and better coordination across Federal agencies to produce faster permitting times and stronger environmental outcomes.    The Memo is not a regulation or new requirement. Rather, it encourages agencies to, within their existing legal authorities, ensure consistent standards and institutionalize best practices that reduce the time and cost required to complete permitting and review.    This Administration is not the first to recognize the importance of advanced planning to compensate for negative impacts to our environment. For more than 45 years, both Democratic and Republican administrations have sought to improve government policies that both encourage development and strengthen environmental outcomes. In fact, some of our country's most significant advancements in restoration and mitigation policies have come from Republican leaders committed to protecting America's natural resources.    Notably, I would like to point to an Earth Day speech in 2004, when President George W. Bush set an ambitious goal to move beyond the ``no net loss'' policy for wetlands to ensure that, as a whole, wetland areas would, instead, increase.    Beyond the obligations to protect our natural resources for future generations, key pillars of good government are consistency and efficiency. Building on this Administration's commitment to ensuring efficient permitting, CEQ facilitated an inter-agency dialog to identify best practices with the goal of establishing compatible policies across all agencies that manage natural resources within their existing statutes.    Why the focus? We know Federal mitigation policies produce results. For example, when compensatory mitigation is required, the Army Corps of Engineers has found that the use of mitigation banks leads to a more than 50 percent reduction in permitting times. Yet, more importantly, it is only in very limited circumstances that any restoration or compensation is required, as projects are now better designed to avoid those impacts all together.    As a result of these efforts to build on existing policies and ensure efficiency across the Federal Government, the Memo articulates a common policy through a set of eight core principles to be interpreted and incorporated into agency policies. These principles are all outlined in my written testimony, so I won't go through them now.    Decades after the first mitigation policies were created, we are continuing to find innovative ways to effectively avoid, minimize, and compensate for damages to natural resources. Building on the President's commitment to good government and the unprecedented steps that this Administration has taken to protect our land, water, and wildlife for future generations, the Memo provides a more streamlined process and reduced permitting times, while improving environmental outcomes.    Chairman Gohmert, Ranking Member Dingell, and members of the committee and subcommittee, I appreciate the opportunity to testify before you today, and look forward to answering your questions.    Ms. Goldfuss. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, for the question. Let me just start out by saying that it is not the intention of the Memo to define these actions. A memo is a tool to organize the activity across existing statutes.    Ms. Goldfuss. There are several stages----    Ms. Goldfuss. That would be a question that my colleagues could answer for you, because it will be based on their existing statutes.    Ms. Goldfuss. A Presidential Memo is a non-binding agreement. This is simply the President's communication with his agencies on what he sees as priorities.    Ms. Goldfuss. No, a Presidential Memo cannot do that. In this case, there are several different statutes, like FLPMA and the Forest Management Planning Rules----    Ms. Goldfuss. The statutes have definitions that vary. It is up to each agency to look at their own statutes and regulations for those definitions.    Ms. Goldfuss. It is just not possible to use a memo like this to have that over-reach. It is bound by existing laws that Congress passed, and that these agencies institute the regulations to carry it out. So, it is not possible, and a memo does not have that binding legal authority that you are----    Ms. Goldfuss. I cannot answer that for you, I am sorry. I can take that back and see what we have.    But that definition of irreplaceable is----    Ms. Goldfuss. Yes. And once again, this is a memo directed to our agencies----    Ms. Goldfuss. Oh, who came up with the words?    Ms. Goldfuss. Well, CEQ, along with the agencies, our role is to coordinate across these agencies to see what their best practices are. And through that work, which really started in an effort to streamline infrastructure permitting, we have been convening the agencies for quite some time. As we went through that process, we learned a lot about what are the best practices, and that is what we put in this Memo.    Ms. Goldfuss. So, that is where the words came from.    Ms. Goldfuss. Once again, I would say it is up to each agency that has a mitigation policy----    Ms. Goldfuss . To define the terms based on their statues.    Ms. Goldfuss. Yes. I will once again say that, in the context of those statutes which we look to the agencies to implement--and certainly my colleagues can add to this, but advance mitigation--we have seen in the case of the 2008 regulations that the Army Corps and EPA put out on mitigation that, by requiring, or not requiring, but asking for----    Ms. Goldfuss. Advance, yes. So, the advance compensation part is the piece that allows for the markets to have certainty and some sort of clarity that there is space for them to set up public-private partnerships.    In all of the work that we have done around those 2008 regs, working with industry and then coordinating with the agencies to see what has created this space for mitigation banking to pop up over these years, it is really those tenants of making sure that the advance mitigation happens beforehand that allows the markets to come in and really step up to the plate.    Ms. Goldfuss. This will not change those plans. This is about how the agencies implement their mitigation policies. So if, in the course of their usual work, they amend those plans, that may be a question better suited for my colleagues.    Ms. Goldfuss. Once again, it is up to the agencies to determine how they will----    Ms. Goldfuss. It is up to them. It is literally in the context of those existing statutes, they will make the determination of how to apply.    Ms. Goldfuss. There are many statutes that are covered. I would point you to Federal land----    Ms. Goldfuss. Each of these statutes will have varying definitions, which is why we do not use or seek to define in the Presidential Memorandum. Instead, this is the way the President sets out goals for his agencies, who have existing statutes that were passed by Congress and regulations that apply to then follow through on those pieces.    Ms. Goldfuss. There is a long list of statutes, and I do not have all those definitions.    Ms. Goldfuss. Yes. And we have seen that play out in the mitigation banking schemes that have come out through the 2008 regulations that were carried out between the Corps and EPA. It is really an exciting area for investors, and is one of the communities that we spoke to a lot as we coordinated with our agencies, but then also worked with outside industry folks that are experts in this area.    Ms. Goldfuss. Yes. Let me start out--first of all, thank you for the question on how this would impact public lands. Both of my colleagues might be able to add here. Really, the success in mitigation banking has been focused on private lands, and that is what led to a lot of the principles that are in the Memorandum. And there is an open question about how this will--certainly in sage grouse plans--but the actual investment piece, how that works on public lands.    Just recently, the Department of the Interior launched a Natural Resources Finance Center that will help harness some of the expertise of the finance community to figure out what the policies are and what the financial mechanisms could be that would allow some of this money and sort of the mitigation banking concept that we see on private lands, how that can apply on public lands.    So, a lot of that approach of public-private partnership that these principles are designed to really give that certainty to investors, we are hoping to see what the next step is on public lands in that area.    Ms. Goldfuss. Well, if I were still at an agency I would say we look for the goals and, really, what the priorities for the Administration are.    The Chairman. C is----    Ms. Goldfuss. And then we work under----    The Chairman. C is not an option.    Ms. Goldfuss . Our existing statutes. My previous agency was the Park Service, and we worked under the Organic Act, and that would determine how we implemented this guidance.    The Chairman. So, you wouldn't necessarily go with what was delivered to you. You would use your own discretion.    Ms. Goldfuss. The agencies have to use their own discretion based on the statutes that they need to----    The Chairman. At which case the Memo becomes pretty superfluous, doesn't it?    Ms. Goldfuss. The memo is a management tool that the President uses to communicate with his heads of the agencies.    The Chairman. That is really kind of cool, except they have that management tool already. They do not need another memo to do what they are already doing. If the Memo had significance, they would have to change what they are doing, but they already have the flexibility to do it. Therefore, the Memo is insignificant.    Let me go to another area quickly with you before I run out of time. No, keep your microphone on, this is to you.    Ms. Goldfuss. Sorry.    The Chairman. On Monday, my governor met with the President about a national monument designation in Utah. And the President's words to him were, ``My instruction to my cabinet has always been, you check with the governors in localities that are impacted. If they have ideas about how to achieve a mission in a more flexible way, we should exercise it.''    So, the question I have, is CEQ actively working on a national monument proposal for Bears Ears in San Juan County in my state?    Ms. Goldfuss. I cannot talk about any specific proposals that we are working on out of CEQ or out of the Administration with regard to national monuments. I can say that was a very positive exchange between the Governor and the President, and he did point to great lines of communications----    The Chairman. You are not saying yes or no, you are just saying you can't tell me, right?    Ms. Goldfuss. I am--we have met with you, Mr. Chairman, and Mr. Chaffetz on your proposal. We are aware that you have proposed maps, and we have seen those, but we have made no comment on that proposal at this time.    The Chairman. But your answer is still, ``I am not going to tell you,'' right? There is no yes or no.    Let me throw out a couple of things at you just to think about as you are driving home, like new memos, you have plenty of time to do that.    We did send you a draft of our proposal on January 14, and then Mr. Chaffetz and I requested a meeting on February 11. We have seen no comments back from you on our proposal for that--Bears Ears, specifically.    Ms. Goldfuss. Yes.    The Chairman. And we have also not been able to have a chance to meet with you since that February 11 designation. I would certainly hope you would organize that, if we could.    But let me also say one other thing. Every other monument that has been used or abused by this Administration, as they have been designated, has had at least one member of their delegation who publicly supported this idea. You found one person dumb enough to do it. On this particular proposal, there is nobody in the Federal delegation that supports a monument. The Governor does not support a monument. There is no State Senator or State Representative from this area that supports a monument. The only elected Navajo at the state or county level is in this area, and she opposes a national monument. In fact, the chapters who reside in Utah from the Native Americans, they oppose a national monument.    I would certainly hope that you would keep the standard that you have in the past at least that high, and not try and lower it for the state of Utah; because the opposition is almost unanimous. You have to go to a couple of back-benches in the legislature before you can find somebody that is even somewhat positive to this. And, since you have been having meetings with these groups, I hope you would keep that basis in mind, especially when the President says, ``If there is a more flexible way, you work with the locals, and you do it.''    In fact, that has always been one of the things you have touted in the past.    I apologize for going over 21 seconds. I want to hear the next multiple-choice questions.    Ms. Goldfuss. Congressman, I just want to say that I apologize that we have not been able to sit down with you since February 11, but I know that we can take it back and figure out a time to schedule, because it was----    The Chairman. I know you are waiting to meet with us with bated breath.    Ms. Goldfuss. We did have a good meeting, though.    The Chairman. No, you had a good meeting.    The Chairman. See you next time.    Ms. Goldfuss. Sorry. Let me say, when it comes to ``irreplaceable'' in the section of the Memo that addresses this, specifically, when we look at the hierarchy. First, when you have a project, you try to avoid any impacts. Then, the next step, if you cannot avoid impacts to the resources, your hope is that you can minimize the impact to those resources.    The last case, when you have no choice but your project must damage the resource, then you compensate. So, in this particular section of the PM, what we reference are areas of special value. And that is defined differently by the statutes that each of the agencies are designated to implement.    Ms. Goldfuss. So, we are saying irreplaceable----    Ms. Goldfuss. In that case, we say where it is irreplaceable, at a minimum, this is where we get to the ``no net loss.'' No net loss would mean we want to at least have strong mitigation. And then, if at all possible, even greater environmental value by the area that is restored.    So, you have to offset your damage, if it is of a high value----    Ms. Goldfuss. This Memo is not about defining those pieces. That is up to the agencies and their existing statutes. So----    Ms. Goldfuss. We know which statutes it applies to, and which agencies, and they are under obligation, under the statutes that Congress passes for them, to institute their regulations that define many of these terms.    Ms. Goldfuss. Congressman, I am not going to get into all the different definitions of what is irreplaceable.    Ms. Goldfuss. Well, we know which statutes it applies to, and that in each of those statutes there are varying definitions of what these agencies carry out as their land management responsibilities. And that is when we talk about a landscape-scale approach.    So, what are the areas across the landscape that you want to avoid because the impacts would be so great to the water quality or quantity? What are the impacts that you want to avoid?    Ms. Goldfuss. And that is where the agencies look at their----    Ms. Goldfuss. Thank you for the question. We do not see it as raising the bar. We see this as coordinating the best practices that the agencies have used, as we have learned, CEQ, under the President's guidance, coordinated with agencies around infrastructure permitting. And many of these mitigation polices came about through that work that we did with the agencies.    So, this was already underway. We have seen what works. We have seen what cut permitting times in half underneath the 2008 regulations that the Corps and EPA carried out. So, it is through those successes that we have worked across with the other land management agencies to see if this will work for them.    Ms. Goldfuss. This is the President's communication with his agencies. So, it is up to them. I guess I would ask you--Raise the bar on what?    Ms. Goldfuss. This is not a law, this is a memo to the agencies.    Ms. Goldfuss. That is not possible. It is not legal. It would not be possible for the Memo to go beyond existing statute.    Ms. Goldfuss. No, not at all. Once again, FLPMA stands. Land management policy stands for each of these agencies. And, in fact, when we lay out this hierarchy of first avoid impacts, then mitigate whatever impacts you have, that means, basically, at the end of the day, you have both. You have a strong environmental outcome, and you have faster permitting times.    Our goal here has been to do both. And through our infrastructure permitting work that we have done with the agencies, we have seen that we can do both. So first, pick a smart place to build your project. Then, if you have no other choice but you are going to impact resources, then offset them somewhere else so that we can still have water quality, and we can still have strong land that we can leave for future generations.    Ms. Goldfuss. That is the goal.    Ms. Goldfuss. That is all based on existing statute. This Memo does not change that.    Ms. Goldfuss. I am not sure I can share exactly the first person. I will say we have many stakeholders through the process that we did talk to around the Memorandum. Also, in the infrastructure permitting----    Ms. Goldfuss . Capacity we have worked with----    Ms. Goldfuss. One of the most interesting pieces of what has come out of this mitigation banking setup is how the states are engaging. One example is Barrick Gold, who has a very interesting proposal, where they have their very own mitigation bank. So, they are conserving species on their own land, and then, as they expand their gold mine, they will be able to take credit for the species that they are restoring elsewhere.    It is those industries that have been successful, and this is not philanthropy, this is----    Ms. Goldfuss . Real return on investment, in terms of what we have seen with mitigation----    Ms. Goldfuss. This was a long process, so I cannot say off the top of my head every single stakeholder we talked to. But we spoke to states, we spoke to industry, we spoke to----    Ms. Goldfuss . Many types of organizations.    Ms. Goldfuss. Well, I just mentioned Barrick Gold as one of the organizations.    Ms. Goldfuss. We have spoken to oil and gas companies that I know the Agency has worked with to see what has worked for them as well.    But really, it is industry that has found this mitigation banking works well for them, conservation banking works well for them. They are the----    Ms. Goldfuss. Barrick Gold is a gold mining company.    Ms. Goldfuss. There are other companies. Then there are oil and gas companies, small----    Ms. Goldfuss. It may surprise you, but there is sometimes concern from environmental groups that this will lead to more development. So, they are not necessarily the largest proponents of this. We have worked with some organizations that themselves own land or are part of mitigation banking efforts.    Ms. Goldfuss. This improves on the status quo by setting out the market conditions that allow for good public-private partnership. That advanced action, setting out how you are going to mitigate your impacts up front, allows industry to set up a credit process, so that someone can protect a land, a wetland, or a stream, ahead of time. Then, when a mining company comes in and needs to move forward with their project in that wetland, they can get the credit and move forward with their project, which speeds up the permitting times.    As you mentioned, these are long-standing statutes that build on a balanced approach that gives us both stronger environmental outcomes and faster permitting times. That is the goal, and the hierarchy and the statutes behind this go back to the 1930s.    Ms. Goldfuss. Ms. Goldfuss. Each of the statutes? The agencies will have to define it, based on the statutes. We have several----    Ms. Goldfuss . And I can list for you----    Ms. Goldfuss. Well, as Mr. Bean pointed out previously, there is an ``irreplaceable'' term in the Endangered Species Act. There is other terminology----    Ms. Goldfuss . And ``irreplaceable'' is defined--exactly how does Fish and Wildlife define it? I know you know it off the top of your head.    Ms. Goldfuss. All right. The Memo does not apply to non-Federal entities. The Memo, as we have said over and over again, applies only to existing statute.    Where we have seen success, and some of what we have learned, has specifically been on private land, where you have investors or industry buying property that they restored to a higher level to then offset their damages elsewhere. That is how you get the mitigation banking idea, is that they restore the property to offset their damage.    That is mostly done on private land, because you have to have an asset. That sort of is your value behind the credit, if that makes sense.    Ms. Goldfuss. Net benefit and no net loss are terms. Net benefit has been around, and I believe was first defined, under George H.W. Bush. Then, the idea of moving beyond net benefit, specifically related to wetlands, something I referenced in my oral testimony, is an idea that we have seen around for quite some time, and George W. Bush referenced.    Ms. Goldfuss. These are goals that are set out for the agencies that, when they are in these situations where resources are going to be degraded, the goal is to then offset so you have no net loss of wetlands or, in some of the rarest situations, you actually have a benefit.