    Mr. Manar. Thank you.    Chairman Abraham, Ranking Member Titus, and members of the subcommittee, thank you for the opportunity to present to you the views of the 1.9 million members of the Veterans of Foreign Wars of the United States and its auxiliaries on this important topic.    I would like to talk about some of the issues facing VA and the Board of Veterans Appeals, as well as suggestions for addressing some of those problems. The VA says that it made over 1.3 million decisions in compensation and pension disability claims in 2014, which is over 150,000 more decisions than ever before. At a 10 percent appeal rate, VBA would be expected to receive approximately 130,000 notices of disagreement based on those decisions, roughly 13,000 more than in the previous year. Sadly, those appeals will be in line behind the nearly 300,000 appeals VA currently has. These appeals affect real veterans and their families.    Mr. Chairman, there are over 4,900 appeals pending in the New Orleans regional office. Nevada has 1,400 appeals pending, while California has 16,500 appeals awaiting action in their three regional offices. As bad as these numbers are, they pale in comparison to the over 25,000 appeals pending in Florida. If past is prologue, those appeals may wait over three years before VA transfers them to the Board of Veterans Appeals.    There are several reasons why the appeals workload has grown from 130,000 in 2004 to about 300,000 today. With the advent of judicial review in 1988, a significant number of decisions by the courts have forced the VA to more closely follow the letter of the law and regulations. On several occasions VA has been forced to readjudicate thousands of decisions, increasing work in both regional offices and the Board of Veterans Appeals.    Finally, many court decisions required veteran law judges to write clearer, more comprehensive decisions for appellants. These are all good things. However, much work had to be redone, and decisions today may take somewhat longer to write, reducing production at the Board of Veterans Appeals.    With the creation of the Secretary's twin goals of no claim older than 125 days and quality at a 98 percent level, VBA has focused with military-style precision on reducing the disability claim backlog. Appeals team personnel, including decision review officers, were frequently directed to process other work. As a consequence, appeals grew from 255,000 at the beginning of 2014 to close to 300,000 today.    It is time for VA to declare victory and start processing the rest of its work. What actions can be taken to stop the increase and start driving down the appeals workload? There are no magic bullets to solving this problem. Solutions must be crafted with this injunction in mind, that any solution that helps VA process more appeals cannot be done at the expense of veterans and the rights they currently enjoy. That is what makes this really hard work, finding solutions that allow VA to process appeals faster without hurting the due process rights of veterans and their families.    We make five specific recommendations in our written testimony. These recommendations include an increase in BVA and VBA staffing, release of the Statement of the Case within 30 days of receipt of a Notice of Disagreement where there is no additional evidence submitted, eliminate the new material evidence requirement to reopen a claim, and reenergize the decision review officer position to make it more effective in reducing appeals.    Finally, building on the ideas of a committee member, service organizations and representatives from the VA worked together last year to explore and expand on a fully developed appeal initiative. The idea is to fast track certain appeals to the BVA following a waiver of existing rights by claimants. While we support the FDA concept, there are hurdles which need to be overcome before the idea is ready for testing.    The most significant problem involves the waiver of rights by claimants. In order to be effective, any waiver must be based on a clear understanding of the decision made by VA. As we describe in our written testimony, it is our belief that the notices provided by VA to many claimants simply do not give them the information they need to understand the reasons for the decision. Many notice letters fail to detail specific evidence used in making the decision.    Further, many decisions offer only conclusions as a substitute for analysis of the evidence and reasons and basis for the decision. As a consequence, claimants don't have enough information to decide whether the decision was most likely correct, what the evidence showed, and what evidence is needed to obtain a different result. Without this information, many claimants do not have enough information to knowingly waive the procedural rights they have under the current appeals process.    In conclusion, we applaud the VA and members of this committee and the VSO community for working together to find solutions to reduce the appeals backlog. However, the key to making any FDA initiative work are two factors. The claimant must have access to all the evidence considered by VA in making its decision, and the claimant must be fully informed of the reasons and basis for each decision made by the VA.    Mr. Chairman, this concludes my statement. I will be happy to answer any questions you or the committee members may have.    Mr. Manar. As I mentioned in my testimony, Secretary Shinseki, with the best of intentions, established goals which, at least initially and in informal conversations, he acknowledged were goals that were probably not achievable but certainly would help focus the Veterans Benefits Administration to begin to work more and more disability claims.    However, over the years, those goals became set in concrete and VBA only talks about its backlog, its workload in terms of disability claims, not the appeals, not the dependency claims that 4 years ago sat at 40,000 pending at any one time. Today, there are over 200,000 pending at any one time, simply because they have changed a work process to allow them to process disability claims more quickly. Everything they have done has been worshipping at the feet of this God of these twin goals. As I said, declare victory. Let's move on from that. Let's work on all the work.    Resources, I agree. Both the BVA and VBA need to be appropriately resourced for the work that they have got today. I understand that it costs money, but at the same time, Congress can deal with reduced workloads and deal with the staffing issues in the outyears. The problem is now, and you can begin to solve it by throwing--I hate to say that, but throwing more people at the problem.    The other thing is the quality of decisions. Many veterans appeal because they don't understand what was decided. They are not told that they are missing one piece of evidence that could make the difference between getting the benefit they seek and not, and as a consequence, they appeal because they are looking for more information, or perhaps somebody who is a little bit friendlier who can grant where it has been previously denied.    Now, many of these appellants learn through the long, arduous appeals process what was missing. But if they had that information at the beginning, then fewer of them would appeal. They would simply go out and get that piece of evidence they need. So those are the three things that I think are important.    Thank you.    Mr. Manar. I have been fortunate, with some of my friends on our legislative staff, to meet with committee staff members over the last couple of months, and one of the things that was mentioned at one of these earlier meetings was that your staff had just come back from a regional office when they looked at letters to veterans about the decisions in their cases and they were incomprehensible.    Now, there are some letters that VA pumps out through this simplified notification letter process that are numbers-driven and can be understood; but where any kind of analysis of the evidence is required, any kind of discussion, it is largely absent. And it has consequences. Claimants just don't know the reason why the decision was being made in their case. The reason could have been perfectly valid but they are not being told what it is.