    Mr. Gohmert. You can get your can out, but that is----    The Chairman. You are up.    Mr. Gohmert. Thanks. Director, thanks for being here. Do you know, I don't have it in front of me, but do you know how many egregious safety violations British Petroleum was cited with before the blowout of the Deepwater Horizon?    Mr. Gohmert. Yes----    Mr. Gohmert. Well, it seemed like it was right at 800 egregious safety violations. That sound about right, in that area?    Mr. Gohmert. Do you know of any offshore production company that has come anywhere near 800 egregious safety violations?    Mr. Gohmert. Because we have had hearings on it before, and it seemed like some may have had one, some two, and British Petroleum had, as I recall, nearly 800. And some of us were just scratching our heads. How in the world were these people allowed to keep operating with those kind of egregious problems?    And, having graduated from Texas A&M, that is known for its petroleum engineering and other petroleum degrees, I have had friends, many that have worked out in the Gulf of Mexico, and they have told me about BP back before the blowout, the Deepwater Horizon, that they had a reputation for trying to cut corners. So, many of us just wondered how in the world the Obama administration allowed them to keep operating.    And I read an article that, on the day of the blowout, BP officials were meeting with Senator Kerry at that time about a big coming-out party announcement, where BP was going to announce their big support for the cap and trade bill. So I didn't know if maybe their favorable position on cap and trade got them some special consideration, at least the Administration looking the other way.    Since you were not familiar with how many egregious safety violations there had been, and you are in charge of the Bureau of Safety and Environmental Enforcement, do you not pay attention to who the egregious safety violators are?    Mr. Gohmert. But you just don't know----    Mr. Gohmert. Do you have any idea how many egregious safety violations British Petroleum has had since the Deepwater Horizon blowout?    Mr. Gohmert. So, we really don't have to worry about them. We know, surely, they would never let something like that happen again. Is that the approach that your bureau takes?    Mr. Gohmert. So who is the most egregious safety violator that we have in the Gulf of Mexico right now?    Mr. Gohmert. Which ones are those?    Mr. Gohmert. But you don't know, just off the top of your head.    Mr. Gohmert. Is that somebody else's responsibility?    Mr. Gohmert. Well, that is all right. I am really curious.    Mr. Gohmert. So have you personally had dealings with any of the egregious safety violators in the Gulf of Mexico?    Mr. Gohmert. So they continued to have egregious safety violations since----    Mr. Gohmert. So they have continued to have egregious safety violations, or this is still from Deepwater Horizon?    Mr. Gohmert. OK. But they are just on watch from that original one.    But what about other egregious violators? Do you have direct dealings with any of those, or do you just leave that to somebody else, to deal with egregious safety violators?    Mr. Gohmert. OK.    Mr. Gohmert. Nothing like good staff to hand us notes to help us out. So that is very helpful.    But I was curious about you, personally, whether you were a hands-on kind of person that really wanted to stop egregious violations.    I see my time has expired. But I would encourage you to take a personal interest in who the egregious violators----    Mr. Gohmert. OK. Well, I will look forward to having better answers next time, since you do. Thank you.    The Chairman. Mrs. Capps.