    Chairman Bridenstine. The Subcommittees on the Environment and Oversight will come to order.    Without objection, the Chair is authorized to declare a recess of the Subcommittee at any time. Is there any objection? No objection.    Good morning. Welcome to the today's hearing: ``Bridging the Gap: America's Weather Satellites and Weather Forecasting.'' In front of you are packets containing the written testimony, biographies, and Truth in Testimony disclosures for today's witnesses.    For opening statements, I will recognize myself for five minutes and then I will turn to the Ranking Member and the Chairman on Oversight and the Ranking Member on Oversight.    Good morning, and welcome to the first Environment Subcommittee hearing for the 114th Congress. I want to thank the Full Committee Chairman, Lamar Smith, for his continued leadership.    I would like to congratulate Mr. Loudermilk of Georgia for his assignment as the Chairman of the Oversight Subcommittee. Welcome, and congratulations.    I would like to welcome back the Ranking Member, Ms. Bonamici of Oregon, who I look forward to working with in this Congress, and we have worked very well together in the past and looking forward to another great Congress.    And I would like to congratulate Mr. Beyer of Virginia for his assignment as the Ranking Member of Oversight on this Subcommittee, so congratulations and welcome.    This Committee has held numerous hearings over the years on NOAA's weather satellite programs. Today we continue this oversight by examining the status of NOAA's two primary satellite systems, the Joint Polar Satellite System (JPSS) and the Geostationary Environmental Operational Satellite System (GOES). These satellites collect vital data that is fed into the numerical weather models that are used by meteorologists to make our forecasts, and where I come from in the great State of Oklahoma, critically important data for predicting thunderstorms and tornados.    These two programs comprise the lion's share of funding for NESDIS, the satellite office at NOAA. In the newly released Fiscal Year 2016 budget request, NESDIS accounts for over $2 billion, roughly 40 percent of the NOAA's total budget. Just seven years ago, in 2008, NOAA's budget for satellites was less than $1 billion and was roughly one-quarter of NOAA's overall spending. The NESDIS budget has grown dramatically over the last decade.    In addition, recent reports from the GAO highlight continuing challenges with NOAA's satellite programs. The JPSS program has been plagued with increasing costs and delays, meaning we are probably facing a gap in satellite coverage and data. Estimates of the data gap range from an optimistic three months in some cases to possibly as much as five years, depending on circumstances, in the worst-case scenario outlined by the GAO. With a gap, our ability to predict weather would be dramatically degraded, putting lives and property in danger. This is especially important to me, as my home state is Oklahoma, and we are regularly ravaged by tornados.    Likewise, the GOES program has also experienced increasing lifecycle costs and project delays. With the first satellite launch now pushed back to March 2016, it is important that the program adhere to its already-delayed schedule and prevent another gap in satellite coverage and data.    Given the criticality of JPSS and GOES to our forecasts, it is imperative we ensure these programs receive the adequate support and oversight to avoid further delays and costs overruns.    I hope we can use this hearing to determine how to keep these programs from slipping further and mitigate any possible gaps. However, the failures of these programs to stay on track so far highlight a recent track record for our satellite programs that is less than good, and that the paradigm of owning and operating large monolithic satellites might not be the way forward.    To address this problem, we should look to augment our satellite systems through commercial means, just as the Department of Defense and NASA have done. There is a burgeoning commercial industry that has incredible potential to assist us in providing accurate information to protect American lives and property, disaggregate risk, and save the taxpayers' dollars. We need to have the most resilient space-based weather data architecture ever. Instead of continuing down the path of large government-owned satellites that are prone to cost overruns and delays, as we look forward into the future, we must look outside the box for new methods of providing essential weather data. For example, there are private companies such as PlanetIQ, Spire, GeoOptics, Tempus Global Data and HySpecIQ that have plans to launch constellations of GPS Radio Occultation and Hyperspectral Sounding satellites, two sources of data that can greatly enhance our forecasting ability. Considering options that reduce the burden on massive government satellite systems will allow us to more accurately predict weather in future architecture paradigms.    It has become increasingly difficult to remain optimistic about the future of U.S. weather forecasting, which currently lags behind the UK, Europe, and Canada in terms of accuracy, when we have satellite programs that are plagued with increasing costs and perpetual delays. The prospect of gaps in satellite data are even higher. We need to look for ways to reduce government burdens and eliminate these types of problems while increasing our ability to protect American lives and property.    I look forward to hearing from our witnesses today, and I would like to recognize our Ranking Member, the gentlelady from Oregon, for an opening statement.    Chairman Bridenstine. Thank you, Ms. Bonamici. I now recognize the Chair of the Oversight Committee, the gentleman from Georgia, for an opening statement.    Chairman Bridenstine. Thank you, Mr. Loudermilk. I now recognize the Ranking Member from the Subcommittee on Oversight, the gentleman from Virginia, for an opening statement.    Chairman Bridenstine. Thank you, Mr. Beyer.    If there are other Members who wish to submit additional opening statements, your statements will be added to the record at this point.    At this time I would like to introduce our witnesses. Our first witness today is Mr. David Powner, Director of Information Technology Management Issues at the GAO. Our second witness is Dr. Stephen Volz, Assistant Administrator of the National Environmental Satellite Data and Information Service--NESDIS--at the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration--NOAA. Our third witness today is Mr. Steven Clarke, Director of the Joint Agency Satellite Division at the National Aeronautics and Space Administration. We will also be joined for questioning by Dr. Alexander MacDonald, Director of the Earth System Research Laboratory at NOAA, Chief Science Advisor for NOAA's Office of Oceanic and Atmospheric Research, and this year's President of the American Meteorological Society. Finally, we are joined for questioning by Mr. John Murphy, Director of the Office of Science and Technology at the National Weather Service for NOAA. Thank you, gentlemen, for all being here.    Pursuant to the Committee rules, all witnesses will be sworn in before they testify, so if you would please stand up and raise your right hand? Do you solemnly swear or affirm that the testimony that you are about to give will be the truth, the whole truth and nothing but the truth, so help you God? You may be seated. Let the record reflect that the witnesses answered in the affirmative. Thank you.    In order to allow for discussion, please limit your testimony to five minutes for your opening statements. Your entire written statement will be made part of the record.    I now recognize Mr. Powner for five minutes to present his testimony.    Chairman Bridenstine. Thank you, Mr. Powner.    I now recognize Dr. Volz for five minutes to present his testimony.    Chairman Bridenstine. Thank you for your testimony, Dr. Volz.    Mr. Clarke, you are recognized for five minutes.    Mr. Chairmen and Ranking Members, I appreciate the continued support of these Subcommittees and the Congress, and would be pleased to respond to any questions you or the other Members of the Subcommittees may have.    Chairman Bridenstine. Thank you, Mr. Clarke.    Members are reminded that the Committee rules limit questioning to five minutes. I will now recognize myself for five minutes of questioning.    Dr. Volz, I have heard some of my colleagues suggest that NASA should be in charge of procuring satellites and NOAA should be in charge of operating weather satellites. Clearly, you have a background that include both NASA and NOAA. What are your thoughts on this?    Chairman Bridenstine. Is it safe to say that if NOAA is responsible for generating the requirements, they should also be in charge of the budget and maybe not NASA? NASA can do the actual technical innovation but NOAA would be responsible for the budget?    Chairman Bridenstine. Got it. Thank you.    Mr. Powner, you mentioned in your testimony that yesterday the GAO released its 2015 High Risk Report. JPSS was included on that report as was GOES. In 2013, when you were before this Committee, you suggested that the likelihood of a satellite data gap was ten out of ten. Do you stand by that assessment today?    Chairman Bridenstine. I am down to one minute to go.    Dr. Volz, do you have a comment on that?    Chairman Bridenstine. Got it. Okay. So I have got 15 seconds. Suomi NPP, you just mentioned, obviously was not built for an operational capacity but a test capacity yet it is operating right now as an operational satellite. If we knew it had operational capabilities, why was it not originally designed to be an operational satellite?    Chairman Bridenstine. Thank you, Dr. Volz. I now recognize the Ranking Member, Ms. Bonamici, for five minutes.    Chairman Bridenstine. Thank you. I would like to recognize Mr. Loudermilk, Chairman of the Oversight Committee, for five minutes.    Chairman Bridenstine. Thank you. I would like to recognize the Ranking Member on the Oversight Committee, Mr. Beyer.    Chairman Bridenstine. Thank you. The gentleman yields back. I recognize the gentleman from Colorado for five minutes----    Chairman Bridenstine. The gentlelady from Maryland is recognized for five minutes.    Chairman Bridenstine. The gentlelady yields back. Without objection, I would like to recognize the gentleman from Colorado.    Chairman Bridenstine. You bet. The gentleman yields back. We will go into a second round of questions, and you identified ATMS as the critical path for JPSS, and my question is, ATMS is on NPP, correct? Did the requirements change between NPP and JPSS for ATMS?    Chairman Bridenstine. Okay. I want to talk about some of the mitigation efforts. The GAO report indicated that one of the best ways that we can mitigate the gap, especially as it relates to the polar satellites, would be GPS-RO, radio occultation from GPS satellites.    My question is, how significant is GPS-RO to the numerical weather models that help us forecast weather? Dr. Volz, I will let you answer that question.    Chairman Bridenstine. And correct me if I am wrong, but the COSMIC-2 program, which is a joint program between the United States and Taiwan, is fully funded for the first six satellites of the COSMIC-2 program. Is that correct?    Chairman Bridenstine. And how many radio occultations per day would we get from a COSMIC-2 program?    Chairman Bridenstine. And the first six, though, are set to launch by when?    Chairman Bridenstine. And how many would we get from those first six?    Chairman Bridenstine. So 5,000 radio occultations per day?    Chairman Bridenstine. And then as far as what the private sector could provide or augment, is there a limitation on how many radio occultations per day would--at what point do you get diminishing marginal returns from every additional radio occultation?    Chairman Bridenstine. The Europeans are at 128,000 and they haven't reached saturation. So let us say the private sector commercial satellites, if they were being launched right now, and of course we have got the challenges with testing and validation and calibration and all those things that go into feeding the numerical weather models, if they were able to provide that capability, that would in essence help us augment the data going into the numerical weather models, for example, to predict thunderstorms in my State of Oklahoma. Is that correct?    Chairman Bridenstine. Right now we don't have an identified limitation on the number of radio occultations. When you said it was in the top 10, if you had, say, maybe 100,000 or a couple hundred thousand radio occultations, would that move it up to maybe number two or number three, or is that a stretch?    Chairman Bridenstine. So is it safe to say that if there is a gap, that the GAO report is indicating might be more likely than some others might suggest? If the gap does occur and the private sector has the capacity to launch satellites into space that could produce 40,000 or 50,000, is NOAA open to the idea--if those data could be validated and calibrated and fed into the numerical weather model, would NOAA be open to the idea of maybe purchasing that data from the private sector?    Chairman Bridenstine. And real quick, I am almost out of time, Dr. MacDonald, this might be a question for you. When you talk about hyperspectral and now that is not going to be available on the GOES satellites, how does that impact the weather data models for our Nation?    Chairman Bridenstine. We currently have hyperspectral on NPSS, right? Or no, we don't. Do we have hyperspectral in space right now?    Chairman Bridenstine. Okay. And is there--I am out of time, so I am going to turn it over to the Ranking Member for five minutes, but thank you for your testimony.    Chairman Bridenstine. Thank you so much. I yield five minutes to the Chairman of the Oversight Subcommittee, Mr. Loudermilk.    Chairman Bridenstine. I would like to thank the gentleman, and I would like to recognize the Ranking Member of the Subcommittee on Oversight, Mr. Beyer.    Chairman Bridenstine. Thank you so much. I would like to recognize, without objection, the gentlelady from Maryland, Ms. Edwards.    Chairman Bridenstine. The gentlelady yields back. We will go into a final--or actually the gentleman from Colorado is back. You are recognized for five minutes.    Chairman Bridenstine. Thank you. Anybody from Oklahoma, by the way?    Chairman Bridenstine. You are my preferred testifier.    Chairman Bridenstine. So we will go into a final round here without objection, and I will recognize myself for five minutes.    I was just reading your testimony, Dr. Volz, and you indicate that currently NOAA purchases data from the commercial sector such as ground-based lightning data and space-based synthetic aperture radar data. Is this true, and in what quantities and how much do we spend on that as an organization, if you know offhand?    Chairman Bridenstine. And just as an example, if we were to have a model where we were to purchase data from the private sector whether it is GPS-RO or hyperspectral, would these models be good ways to go that we are already doing it? Could we not do it in other space-related activities?    Chairman Bridenstine. Okay. So the SAR--but the SAR data would not be local, right?    Chairman Bridenstine. And the lightning data is what you would suggest is probably more localized data----    Chairman Bridenstine. --that our international partners are not interested in?    Chairman Bridenstine. Got it. I saw in the President's budget request there is $380 million for the JPSS follow-on, and I want to be really clear, I support JPSS, I support GOES. I come from Oklahoma. We have thunderstorms and tornados where, you know, in May of 2013 we had 24 of the folks from my state get killed, $2 billion worth of damage. It was a big, big deal, and of course, that is why I took such an interest in this to begin with. So I don't want to see anything happen to JPSS or the GOES programs that feed our numerical weather models. I want to be really clear about that.    But I think we need to move to a day where we have a different kind of space-based architecture that is resilient, that is disaggregated. I know we have been talking about NPP. It was launched as a test satellite, and I know it came from the NPOESS program, but it is not shielded, and because of that, it is susceptible to the space debris that we have had conversations about here. But if we were to disaggregate and move to a different kind of space-based model where we took advantage of commercial technologies that could be launched, I think we could move to a day--and we have done it in the Department of Defense as it relates to communications. We have done it in the Department of Defense as it relates to imagery and other kinds of remote sensing. If we could go that direction on the weather side of things, I think we would have more resilience, we would mitigate data gaps, and we could move to a day where we move from JPSS-2 to JPSS-3.    Maybe we are not having a hearing about a gap that is coming and instead we are saying okay, we have got everything we need, how do we focus NOAA on doing the things that the private sector cannot do, and I think that is the direction ultimately where we can go, and the private sector, of course, my opinion is, you will get greater innovation, lower cost, more competition, all these kind of benefits that we have seen NASA take advantage of as well.    So I guess my ultimate question is, when you think about that $380 million from the President's budget request, is there any openness to maybe using a portion of that money to create a pilot approach where we could purchase from the private sector data for NOAA rather than focusing on, you know, buying another--and again, JPSS-3, if it is necessary, I am all for it, but I want to be clear, if there is an opportunity to take a portion of that money and use it to purchase data from the private sector, is that something that you are open to?    Chairman Bridenstine. I am out of time. I would like to recognize the gentleman from Virginia for five minutes.    Chairman Bridenstine. Yes.    Chairman Bridenstine. All right. I would like to recognize the gentleman from Texas, Dr. Babin, for five minutes.    Chairman Bridenstine. Okay. We are coming to the end here, and Dr. Babin, your question about the operations piece of this where we are funding a technology that is, JPSS-2 specifically, which will last through 2028, and the operations side of it is only funded through 2025 in order to hold the cost of the program down to $11.3 billion. That is something that we will need to have addressed as we are at the end of this hearing. Maybe we can get that for the record.    And then also lastly, before we close out, I would just like to--Dr. Volz, I asked the question. I just want to get it on the record. If you are open, whether it comes from the $380 million for JPSS-3 or some other place, are you open to a pilot approach where NOAA would fund a certain amount of money to buy private satellite data, whether it is JPSS or GPS-RO or hyperspectral, to purchase it from the private sector for the purposes of resiliency and disaggregation?    Chairman Bridenstine. Could NOAA be an anchor tenant for that project?    Chairman Bridenstine. Would you have had that same position on the NPOESS program had you been at NOAA back when that started?