    Mr. Poe. I want to thank the chairman and the ranking member for moving this legislation forward. And I also want to thank my friend from Virginia, Mr. Connolly, for his work on the foreign aid bill that we are talking about today. H.R. 3766.    Foreign assistance has been around 50 years-plus. And what this legislation does is make that assistance transparent, let the American public and everyone else know what we are doing all over the world, and make it easy to understand. Some of the postings by government agencies regarding what they are doing are so complicated you can't figure out what that means.    So the transparency aspect is the first aspect of this legislation, transparent about foreign assistance, and make it easy for everyone to understand what we are doing, the good that we are doing throughout the world.    The second half of this legislation is to evaluate those programs. One would think that we have over the years evaluated foreign assistance, but we haven't really evaluated it to see whether it is working or not. So an evaluation is required of departments that give American money as assistance, evaluate those programs to see, first of all, if they are reaching the goal of the program and the assistance. And if it is not reaching that goal, then we need to evaluate whether we should continue that type of assistance.    We continue to give money to certain programs and we really don't know whether it is working to solve the problem of hunger or water or whatever it is somewhere in the world. So the evaluation must take place by all these departments, evaluate the things that are working, things that continue to work and are doing good assistance. We may continue those. And if it is not working, then we need to stop that program.    So it is an audit, I would call it an audit of foreign assistance that we are doing. If it works, continue to do it. If not, then reevaluate it, maybe we should not. One percent of the budget goes to foreign assistance. Therefore, with the limited money, we certainly should find out what we are doing, transparency, and we should also find out and evaluate all of the programs to see whether they are a success or not.    And thank you, Mr. Chairman. I will yield back.