    Mr. Lynch. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And I want to thank the witnesses for helping the committee with its work today.    In my previous life, I was a union steward and a union president, and then later on, a labor lawyer, practicing labor lawyer on behalf of unions. I am just curious, you know, when I was a steward on the worksite, when I had employees that were being treated unfairly, I would take it on myself. That would be my job. I would deal with management to make sure that people were being treated fairly. That way, my workers weren't continually banging heads with management; it was me. And, you know, I sort of enjoyed that work, but a lot of people don't.    Would it be helpful at all in your workplace of you had somebody like that that you could go to that would--I know that AFGE has a representative in the workplace, but you don't have full bargaining rights and all the rights that the other Federal employees have, so you don't have those. Would that be helpful?    Mr. Lynch. Great.    Mr. Lynch. Yes.    Mr. Rhoades.--in my agency is a powerful signal hopefully to my agency.    I'll start off by saying this: My AFGE president in Minneapolis and I sat in my office. The management wanted to fire this person because he made a mistake, and when I looked at the table of penalties, it was excessive. So what I did as what's called the designated grievance official is I reversed it. I eliminated it. We had a great conversation in my office, and I own the decision. And like I said, as long as you have ethical leaders willing to do the right thing and not be ----    Mr. Lynch. Yes.    Mr. Rhoades.--coerced from the top, it could work.    Mr. Lynch. Yes.    Mr. Lynch. No, I understand that.    Mr. Lynch. Oh, God bless. That is my district.    Mr. Lynch. You know, you are still voting there, you know.    Mr. Lynch. Oh, you do. We just know how you would vote anyway, so we do that on your behalf.    Mr. Lynch. Now, I don't want to spend a lot of time on that, just, you know, what do you think, Mr. Livingston?    Mr. Lynch. Yes.    Mr. Lynch. Look, I have got to tell you, I am very happy to hear about Mr. Neffenger. And he has been before this committee. He is a frequent flyer here, and he is trying to put in some of the changes that we need.    I want to jump to something else, though. We did talk with Mr. Neffenger about the--look, checkpoints are very important.    Mr. Lynch. I mean, all you have got to do is if you Google checkpoint bombings or checkpoint attacks, you know, you look at what happened in Brussels, you know, you look what happened, you know, at the airport checkpoint, and the rail checkpoint ----    Mr. Lynch. But I cannot not criticize when we have a 90 percent failure rate, so that has got to change.    But we get a lot of turnover. We get a lot of turnover, and I think some of that is related to the fact that we don't--the way we treat our employees. You know, this ought to be a profession, and these folks are doing incredibly important work.    You know, people yell about protecting our borders. Well, that screener at that airport, that is your border, and, you know, we have got to make sure that those employees have the protections and the rights to be able to do their job.    And one of the things I am concerned about, and this is what I want to ask you about, my concern from a national security standpoint is whether or not those passengers are screened efficiently. The airline priority is moving people through that checkpoint and getting so many people--that is why you have got these people being timed, your screeners being timed on how many--what is the wait time on getting these people through.    Anybody who travels, and we all travel regularly, you have got to get there a little earlier, you have got to adjust your schedule so, you know, in case you do have, you know, an alert or something like that at the airport. And we want our screeners to do a damn good job. So the priority has to be safety and security and what's going on at that checkpoint. It can't be the airline needs to move product, needs to move people through that.    So what do you think is winning out today between those two priorities, effective screening or moving passengers? What is the priority that is prevailing today in our nation's airports?    Mr. Lynch. Okay.    Mr. Lynch. Okay.    Mr. Livingston.--but I've got to go back to the original point I made earlier. He needs the right team to do it.    Mr. Lynch. Sure. Sure.    Mr. Lynch. Okay.    Mr. Lynch. Yes.    Mr. Lynch. Okay.    Mr. Lynch. Mr. Chairman, I want to thank you for your indulgence. I appreciate that.    Mr. Lynch. Thank you.