    Dr. Griffin. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Chairman Rogers, Ranking Member Cooper, and distinguished members of the committee, I am honored to be asked to appear before your subcommittee to testify on the matter before us today. However, before beginning any substantive discussion, I think I should note for the record that I am here as an independent witness and a private individual. I have received no consideration of any kind in connection with the topic of today's hearing from anyone. I am here on personal leave and at personal expense and do not represent any company, agency, or committee on which I have served in the past or presently serve.    So with that said, we are here to discuss the RD-180 and its replacement. The RD-180 has been used for two decades on various versions of Atlas. And without that engine or a functionally equivalent replacement, today's Atlas V launch vehicle will be grounded and with it two-thirds of our national security payloads as we presently have the manifest.    And so while I completely agree that we should not continue to be dependent upon a foreign power, much less an adversary, for any element of our national space launch capability, I do believe that the legislative action which has been taken in this regard is a bit too abrupt. It might be that we should wean ourselves of this dependence a bit more gently.    But if the Atlas is grounded, then what? Well, U.S. policy and law require two independent systems for national security space launch capability. This requirement is met, but only partially so, with the Delta 4 family. The previous panel said that payloads could be shifted from Atlas to Delta 4. That is so, but many critical payloads are not immediately interchangeable between these vehicles and would require considerable rework at considerable cost to shift from Atlas to Delta.    Moreover, the Delta is, in general, more expensive than the equivalent Atlas, and the top-end Delta performance of Delta 4 Medium is less than that of the top-end Atlas. So some Atlas payloads will not be transferable to Delta.    Finally, the Delta production limitations are such that without a massive increase in manufacturing and launch infrastructure, very limited surge capacity is even possible.    So the net effect of shifting national security space systems from Atlas to Delta, should we have to do so, will be several years of delay for the average payload and many billions of dollars of increased cost.    Now, some have said that the best forward path is to discard decades of government investment in and experience with the Atlas and develop a whole new system. This does nothing to solve today's problems. And even if it did, it is irrational to suppose that an entirely new launch vehicle can be obtained more quickly or at less cost than a new engine alone.    Others would have us believe that the U.S. Government can merely purchase launch services from among multiple competitors as if one were selecting a particular airline for a desired trip based on airfare and schedule. Purveyors of this launch-as-a-service view would have us believe that if we have an engine supply problem, the U.S. Government should stay on the sidelines while the market solves the problem.    But in reality, the U.S. national security launch architecture is a strategic capability having far more in common with other strategic assets such as fighters, bombers, aircraft carriers, and submarines than it does with airlines and cruise ships. The vagaries of the market cannot be allowed to determine whether or not critical payloads make it to space.    Accordingly, the U.S. Government must be prepared to ensure that the supply chain required to maintain this critical asset remains intact. That supply chain is currently quite fragile, because while we have been supporting the Russian rocket engine industrial base, our own has withered.    To conclude, we have an engine problem, not a rocket problem. I believe we should solve it by building a government-funded, government-owned, American equivalent to the RD-180 as quickly as we can possible do so. We should not allow the many obfuscating issues which have been raised in connection with this problem to cloud our view of what must be done.    Thank you. My full statement, I hope, will be entered for the record.    Dr. Griffin. Sir, I need to comment on one of the last statements of the SpaceX representative, that the development of Falcon 9 was done on private funds and that NASA money spent went on Dragon.    I personally am the originator of the COTS program, and that program was intended to provide seed money--and I emphasize seed money, not majority funding--for the development of a new launch vehicle and a delivery system for cargo to space station.    After I left the agency with the inauguration of President Obama, considerably more money was supplied to SpaceX. I think from public sources it is easily possible to show that SpaceX has received about $3.5 billion or so, possibly more, in open source funding. Seeing as how they have conducted seven launches for NASA, counting the one upcoming this week, that is either an extraordinarily high price per launch of about a half a billion dollars per launch, which I don't believe is the case, or a considerable amount of that money has gone into capitalizing the company.    The money was not segregated out, according to Dragon or Falcon 9, so I very strongly believe that the government money which has been provided to SpaceX has in fact gone for the development of Falcon 9.    Dr. Griffin. May I add a comment, Mr. Chairman?    Dr. Griffin. I first want to say that I very strongly agree with General Hyten that large hydrocarbon engine technology is one which we let go at our peril, our national peril. I would point out we have never actually agreed not to have it. We just did a make-or-buy decision back in 1995, and we decided to buy it. That option doesn't look so smart right now, and so I think we need to relearn how to make it. I am not interested in replicating RD-180 technology; I am interested in going beyond it. And that is what I believe we will and should do.    Secondly, I believe that there is considerable self-interest on the part of a number of different parties in estimating the difficulty of integrating a new engine on a launch vehicle. I don't think it is a $10 million problem, but I am not sure that I agree that it is a multi-hundred-million-dollar problem.    I actually compiled an incomplete list of 14 different engines which have been used on a plethora of different launch vehicles and stages and 8 different rocket engine stages which have been re-engined over the course of, you know, 50-some years of American space history. I would be happy to submit that for the record.    But I simply--the history of this matter does not show it to be so horribly difficult to re-engine a vehicle, as some of our earlier witnesses were saying. I just----    Dr. Griffin. I will submit that for the record. I just simply don't believe it to be so difficult.    Dr. Griffin. We were buying it from Russia because it was, in Ms. McFarland's earlier words, pay me now or pay me later. And we chose to take the route of buying a relatively inexpensive recurring engine rather than preserving our own industrial base. At this point, that does not look like it was the smart alternative then, and I would suggest that we do not repeat it.    Dr. Griffin. Well, sir, I am a free-market conservative. And if I thought that the market were such as to supply this item, as it does for airline transportation or computers, then I would want the government to buy it off the market.    My observation is that--well, I will just put it like this: Last year, ULA conducted one commercial launch and something like a dozen national security or other government launches. That is the ratio here of free market to national requirements.    So I am urging the committee to consider regarding this item as a national security item first, with some possibility of dual use.    But for the national security side, if we believe it to be so, then we must ensure our supply chain. And that is everything from thrust vector control systems and guidance systems to ground infrastructure to airframes to engines. We must ensure that, cradle to grave, we in the national security community have taken care that we can get every item we need.    Dr. Griffin. Well, I will answer first.    I was privileged to be asked to serve on the Mitchell Committee last year as deputy chair to look at RD-180 alternatives, and we surveyed the manifest at that time. And two-thirds of the individual flights in the manifest were on Atlas V, one version of it or another. That is just a fact.    When SpaceX talks about ``can lift 60 percent of the payloads,'' I am not arguing that that is not the case, but many of those payloads will be repeat versions of the same thing. It doesn't mean that they can lift 60 percent of all possible spacecraft that the national security community has to be launched.    Dr. Griffin. Sir, I am not a lawyer.    Dr. Griffin. Well, a major difference, I think, is in the amount of money involved. In the COTS program at NASA--now, this is taking us back nearly 10 years--we allocated, as we intended, a fairly small amount of money across two providers, and the clear terms of the agreements were that there would be a very significant majority of corporate investment. That was our plan at that time.    The program did work. We got two new launch vehicles out of it, domestic launch vehicles: the Falcon 9 and the Orbital ATK Antares.    I think it is a very different thing for the national security launch infrastructure to be told to purchase launch as a service, implying that there is an open market of providers from which the Department can buy a launch on a marginal cost basis, as if it were an airline ticket----    Dr. Griffin . And then, oh, by the way, to be told that they have to fund the development of that capability.    Dr. Griffin. A small portion of the development.    Dr. Griffin. Money matters. That is exactly right. The level of the investment matters a lot. When we established the COTS program, we wanted to see a major element of contractor skin in the game. We did not want the skin in the game to be entirely that of the government. If the government was going to fund it as a new development, then we should just do it as a prime contract.    Dr. Griffin. I would agree with General Greaves with regard to certification of new capability. In fact, I would say the idea that we fly a large number of repeated copies of rockets is something that may look true from the outside, but, truthfully, it is rare to go very long in a string without upgrading or changing something about the rocket. So you are in this continual process of evolution.    And, certainly, we don't do a non-value-added test flight, a whole separate test flight, with no payload merely because we go from an RL10B to an RL10C. You just wouldn't want to spend that kind of money. On the other hand, when you are fielding an entirely new rocket, you will do a couple of test flights, typically, before you put a valuable payload on it.    So there is an informed engineering and program management judgment that has to be applied to determine when you are willing to risk an upgrade without a test flight and when you need a test flight because the upgrade is just so big that you don't want to risk the payload.    Dr. Griffin. May I come in on this?    Dr. Griffin. The requirement for two providers comes more out of, if you will, my era. Back in 1986, we lost in sequence a space shuttle, a Titan, an Atlas, and a Delta. And so, by the second half of 1986, the United States had no access to space capability at all.    From among the many recovery actions taken following the loss of Challenger, it was determined that we would, in the expendable vehicle arena, keep two independent paths to space at all times for national security purposes. That is now--it is Presidential policy for several past administrations, and it is law. And I think, although the history is now 30 years old almost, I think we depart from that at our peril.    Dr. Griffin. I don't because, in actuality, as was said earlier, NASA relies on the Department of Defense for the procurement of Delta and Atlas launch vehicles for its own robotic payloads. The larger rocket, the SLS, to which General Hyten referred, is intended for human exploration of the solar system, which I devoutly hope we will resume. But to use it for unmanned national security launches is possibly somewhat equivalent to using an aircraft carrier to transport cargo across the ocean. It would be a bit of an overkill.    Dr. Griffin. As General Greaves just said, I can't know yet what the cost of the four-part plan will be. I will offer the opinion that I believe, I very strongly believe that the cheapest way for the United States to regain its national security launch independence is to re-engine the Atlas V. I said that in my testimony for the record. So I can't prejudice the outcome of a procurement process which is ongoing. Even though I am not an attorney, I know that. But I do hope that the outcome of that procurement process results in a decision to re-engine the Atlas V.