    Mr. BUCHANAN. Thank you, Mr. Goss, for coming. We all appreciate it.    I am from Florida, Sarasota, and there are 217,000 people in my district out of 700,000 that count on Social Security.    But I want to go back to the gentleman's point from California about the surplus. I mean, really, as you mentioned, there is really no money there. It is an IOU from the Federal Government. Is that right?    Mr. BUCHANAN. So, basically, what you have is that $2.7 trillion or whatever that number is, is Treasuries from the Federal Government. Is that right?    Mr. BUCHANAN. When you look at your ability to get repaid, my concern is, when I ran for Congress, I was concerned about the $130 billion in deficits when I came in 2007. I remember back then it was about $130 billion that year. We went from $8 trillion and change to almost maybe $8 to $9 trillion, in that range. Today, we are at $19 trillion. We have accumulated, in 10 years, $10 trillion in debt.    So I ask you, do you look at the viability, you know, when you are counting on the government in a sense for their ability to repay? I mean, you are counting on that $3 trillion to make sure you can get to 2034, but as they accumulate debt--and there is plenty of blame to go around. It is not a Democrat issue, it is both, I will put it that way right up front.    But when you look at the health of the lender, basically, or the borrower, I mean, how do you factor that in? Or do you factor that in, the fact that they are almost $20 trillion in debt? And if you had the normal cost of money today, the way it has been over the last 40 years, it would be 4 or 5 percent, you could have interest, $700, $800 billion on that debt if it got back up to where it has historically been.    So I guess I ask you that question. When you look at this, you look at your ability to get repaid the $3 trillion, you ought to look at the U.S. Government and their ability to pay. Are you confident that 10 years from now, if we keep going down this track, you are going to ever see your $3 trillion?    Mr. BUCHANAN. Let me, because we are all limited on time, let me just say, I was born in Detroit. A great city. I lived in the Detroit area, my wife and myself. It is the fourth-largest city in America. It was very viable. It went bankrupt. And you know what, all the firefighters, the police officers, a lot of my family members in the Detroit area, I have heard all the stories--I live in Florida now--but they took a haircut, all of them. And I never would have imagined for a lot of years that that would ever happen to Detroit. It is a great area, great city, but obviously, everybody got a haircut.    And when we are just kind of not paying attention to the debt and the other liabilities that are out there, we are kidding ourselves, frankly. And that is why the sooner the better that we work together on a bipartisan basis to deal with this.    The second thing, let me just ask you, is the cost of living. A lot of the seniors, I do a lot of town halls, they want to know. They didn't get a cost-of-living adjustment for the last year or two. What are your thoughts on that? And then, of course, next year, where do you see that going?    Mr. BUCHANAN. So your thought, there might be something next go around?    Mr. BUCHANAN. Thank you. I yield back.