    Ms. Bonamici. Thank you very much, Chairman Rokita and Ranking Member Fudge. Implementing the Every Student Succeeds Act is going to further the goals of equity, and I am glad that seems to be something everyone agrees on is going to help all of our children across the country, students of color, low-income students, Native students, English learners, students with disabilities.    And certainly the supplement not supplant requirement plays a critical role in achieving this goal. I know educators, parents, and students in high poverty schools are frequently shortchanged, and reports show that about 40 percent of Title I schools receive less personnel funding per pupil than non-Title I schools, and schools that serve almost entirely students of color receive about $700 less per student than schools that are predominantly white.    There is a disparity that needs to be addressed, and it is especially troubling if we know that in some cases, it is not just equal funding that is equitable, the schools serving communities of concentrated poverty actually need additional resources and support. I think that is the goal.    When Congress added this supplement not supplant requirement to ESSA back in 1970, I was not here then, but I think that was certainly the goal, so that those high needs schools would receive that additional support, and for decades Congress has stood by that principle.    I am a former State legislator and I think many of us are, and understanding that need to send that message that these Federal dollars are not to replace your K-12 investment.    We had a hearing in June, and Chairman Kline noted that the law, that ESSA, requires districts to show that funds are distributed fairly before they receive Title I dollars. And I do not think anyone disagrees with that, I mean that is certainly the intention here.    And to uphold our intention, Congress expects the Department of Education to enforce the supplement not supplant requirement, so there need to be some clear standards. I do not think anyone would disagree with that.    I wanted to ask you, Mr. Sargrad, one concern that we have heard is that this supplement not supplant requirement could force districts to reassign teachers in ways that may not be in the best interest of students. As the law supports a move to greater equity, I want to make sure it does not create undue disruption for hard working educators, and given your expertise as a teacher and an official responsible for overseeing Title I, how will States and districts be able to create greater parity in school funding while also minimizing that uncertainty for educators and making sure that school staffing decisions are really driven by the needs of the students.    And if when you are discussing this, could you talk about the difference between like large urban districts. I have 25 school districts in my congressional district, and they really differ. Some of them are very large and some of them are very small and rural. So would you talk about that as well, and how this might affect the difference between rural and urban schools, but really with a focus on whether this is going to create undue disruption for educators.    Ms. Bonamici. Thank you very much. I see my time has expired. Thank you, I yield back. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.