    Mr. Cicilline. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I thank the witnesses for being here today. And also thank you, Mr. Chairman, and Ranking Member Bass for calling this hearing and for being such leaders in the fight against human trafficking, and particularly both here in the United States and around the world.    And thank you, Mr. Chairman, for your legislation that created the TIP Report in your early years upon this issue.    The Trafficking In Persons Report which was authorized by Congress in 2000 is designed to be used as an important tool in our international diplomacy to incentivize countries to take important steps to combat human trafficking and sanction those who fall short. Since the report's inception, more than 120 countries have enacted anti-trafficking laws and many countries have taken other steps required to significantly raise their tier rankings, citing the report as a key factor in their increased anti-trafficking response.    And that is why it is my judgment that it is particularly alarming and really a shame that we are here today discussing what seems to be the obvious politicization of the report in the context of Malaysia.    I do not make that statement lightly. I think that the men and women of the State Department are dedicated public servants who fight every day to promote American values abroad. But it is nearly impossible, looking at the facts, to conclude anything other than the determination to move Malaysia from Tier 3 to Tier 2 Watch List status is without sufficient justification, and ill-advised at best.    Universally, advocates on the ground and in the anti-human trafficking community here in the United States have reported that Malaysia has made minimal progress and, in fact, has fallen in some key areas in their anti-trafficking campaign in the past year. Both The Washington Post and The New York Times editorial boards raised concerns about this year's report.    Moreover, the anti-trafficking amendments that were apparently taken into account to improve Malaysia's score have still not been adopted, more than 7 months after they were used in part to justify the change in ranking. With TPP eligibility for Malaysia hinging on this determination, it certainly comes off as a political one.    I hope to hear a thorough explanation today of how this determination was made and by whom, but I fear that the damage has already been done. Countries around the world, many of whom have made much more progress in their countries than the countries that we are going to be discussing today have seen the discussion around this year's report and decided that politics is more important than their actions. And that is a regrettable consequence.    So I hope to hear from our witnesses how the State Department intends to take action to restores credibility to this vitally important report and to restore our credibility around the world on the issue of anti-trafficking efforts.    And with that I yield back, Mr. Chairman. Thank you.    Mr. Cicilline. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Thank you again to our witnesses for your work and for your testimony today. I really want to focus my questions on Malaysia.    I have looked carefully at the 2014 TIP Report. And when you compare the 2014 and 2015 TIP Reports, the bulk of the recommendations that the Department makes regarding Malaysia are substantially the same. For example, they both report the need to amend Malaysia's anti-trafficking law, to provide protective services to all victims, to implement procedures to identify labor trafficking victims, to offer alternatives to deportation to countries where victims face oppression, to increase efforts to notify migrant workers of their rights, and to better cooperate with other governments in the region. They look like the same recommendations.    And so my first question really is, if the Government of Malaysia had made a good faith effort to improve its anti-trafficking efforts, why did the government fulfill so few of the recommendations that were laid out in the 2014 TIP Report?    Mr. Cicilline. But again, the point is that they should do some of those before they change positions on the rankings, not just----    Mr. Cicilline. But to be clear, those recommendations were not adopted at the time of the issuance of the TIP Report. In fact, it says specifically there were draft amendments that were made to existing anti-trafficking law. The cabinet approved the draft amendments and introduced them to Parliament, but Parliament had not passed the amendments at the end of the reporting period.    So it seems to me the only significant difference is the creation of a pilot program for government workers to be out of detention. Is there anything in addition to that that distinguishes 2014 from 2015?    Mr. Cicilline. Yes.    Mr. Cicilline. I am very concerned because when you take these two reports and put them side by side, while it identifies actions that Malaysia should take, which I think most countries would understand to mean you should do these things or some effort in a serious way to get these things done. And if you get some of them done you will presumably have some opportunity to move up in the rankings. They got none of them done other than this pilot program and they had a significant change in their status.    So my next question is, did any staff in the Office to Monitor and Combat Trafficking in Persons recommend the upgrade from Tier 3 to Tier 2 Watch List for Malaysia?    Mr. Cicilline. So is it the normal course that the Secretary of State's recommendation, without telling what they are, that they mirror regularly the recommendations of your office? Or are departures from the recommendations of your office common? Does it happen once every ten countries? Does it happen once a year? How frequently is the Secretary of State's determination at odds with the determination or the recommendation of the Department?    Mr. Cicilline. No, I know that. My question is, how often is his decision different from the recommendation of the staff of your office?    Mr. Cicilline. So you say this determination is fact based. And obviously you can't tell us what was in the Secretary's head. But the facts that you rely on to make the recommendation, is one difference of circumstances this pilot program?    Mr. Cicilline. So on April 17th, the U.S. Ambassador to Malaysia Joseph Yun said that Malaysia needed to show greater political will in prosecuting human traffickers and protecting their victims if the country hoped to improve its Tier 3 ranking. Given that the 2015 TIP Report covers government efforts undertaken from April 1, 2014 through March 31, 2015, meaning that all actions referenced in the report had already occurred before Ambassador Yun's comments, can you explain why the Department disagreed with the Ambassador's assessment?    Mr. Cicilline. But, Dr. Johnstone, the fact is the Ambassador who is there on the ground makes this determination, says very clearly that they have much more work to do before they can improve its ranking. Your either recommendation or the Secretary of State's determination is contrary to that. And I am wondering if you had a basis for why it is that either you concluded as a recommendation or the Secretary concluded that the Ambassador was wrong? Because you can't both be right. It cannot be that Ambassador Yun is right and Secretary Kerry is right.    Mr. Cicilline. No, but he did say that before they could move to Tier 3 they had to demonstrate greater political will in prosecuting human trafficking and protecting their victims if they hoped to improve from a Tier 3 ranking.    Mr. Cicilline. In addition, Ambassador Yun noted that there had been a failure to engage in sufficient prosecutions of perpetrators of trafficking. And although the TIP Report notes an increase in prosecutions, it also notes that there were only three trafficking convictions. That is a decline of two-thirds from last year's report.    And it also notes that ``The government did not report any investigations, prosecutions or convictions of government officials complicit in trafficking, despite evidence that some government officials facilitated migrant smuggling.''    Do you believe, again, that those facts represent a good faith effort to prosecute traffickers?    Mr. Cicilline. But with all due respect, that is comforting to hear. But in the face of an upgrade it sort of raises the question of why it is that a country would receive an upgrade with very little. In fact, other than that pilot program. I don't see evidence.    And I just want to ask you finally, Tenaganita, which is a Malaysian NGO that helps trafficking victims, claims that police have known about the north Malaysian trafficking trail and the existence of human trafficking camps for many, many years. And, in fact, the organization says that migrants have been reporting about the camps since 2007 and that no police action was taken when reports were made about the camps.    Can you tell me, Dr. Johnstone, whether any officials at Tenaganita were interviewed during the compilation of the TIP Report? And does the State Department agree or disagree with those allegations, and if so, why?    Mr. Cicilline. So you don't disagree with the allegations that were made by that NGO?    Mr. Cicilline. So let me just ask a final question. You said that this is a fact-based deliberative process. Can you tell me specifically what facts you relied upon to raise Malaysia's standing in the TIP Report?    Mr. Cicilline. So no investigation or prosecutions of government officials; correct?    Mr. Cicilline. No prosecution of government officials despite evidence of complicity of government officials. A decline in overall prosecutions by two-thirds. No enactment of any anti-trafficking laws, but some expectation they will, and the pilot program. Those are the facts.    Have I missed any important ones?    Mr. Cicilline. Convictions.    Mr. Cicilline. But a significant decline, and I think it was three convictions.    Mr. Cicilline. But nine wasn't----    Mr. Cicilline. Before I yield back, Mr. Chairman, this raises very serious concerns for me. I consider this report to be sacred and a very powerful international diplomatic tool. And I think the context in which this decision was made about Malaysia and that woeful lack of evidence to support it, and the context of the trade agreement, is something which will do permanent damage to this process. And I am disappointed, frankly, that nothing in this hearing has disabused me of that conclusion.    For all the men and women who put so much work into this and for the mission it is designed to support, this is a very disappointing occurrence.    And with that I will yield back, Mr. Chairman.