    Mr. Burns. Yes.    Mr. Burns. Thank you, and good morning, Mr. Chairman, Ranking Member Kaptur, and distinguished members of the subcommittee. We appreciate the opportunity to appear before you today to discuss the Nuclear Regulatory Commission's fiscal year 2017 budget request.    As you know, the NRC is an independent agency established to license and regulate the civilian use of radioactive materials in the United States. The resources we are requesting in fiscal 2017 will allow the NRC to continue to uphold our important safety and security mission.    Our proposed budget is $970.2 million, which includes 3,462 full time equivalent staff, and for the Office of Inspector General, an additional $12.1 million. Over our base budget, this represents a decrease of about $20 million and 90 FTE from the fiscal year 2016 enacted budget.    For further context, our request is $74 million and 280 FTE less than our fiscal 2014 enacted budget, and the fiscal 2017 budget request reflects our continued focus on our important mission while it also achieves resource savings and improves our efficiency. As we continue to work through the Project Aim initiative, we anticipate additional savings.    We are required to recover 90 percent of our budget through fees, so accordingly, $861.2 million of this fiscal 2017 budget request would be recovered from NRC licensees, resulting in a net appropriation of $121.1 million.    Let me highlight some of the work we plan to achieve. The NRC will continue licensing and oversight activities for 100 operating nuclear power reactors, and 31 research and test reactors.    The NRC expects to continue reviewing three new reactor combined license applications. Additionally, we will continue inspections of four new reactor units under construction, and continue our vendor inspection program.    We expect to review one small modular reactor design certification and to review three applications for medical isotope facilities.    The budget request provides funding for licensing reviews and oversight activities at reactors undergoing decommissioning, as well as continued oversight over nuclear waste and spent fuel storage facilities. We expect to review one application for a consolidated spent fuel storage facility.    We will continue to license and oversee the safe and secure use of radioactive materials, and in fiscal 2017, the NRC will complete approximately 2,000 materials actions, licensing actions, and about 900 routine health and safety inspections.    Of note, our 2017 request includes $5 million in non-fee billable activities to develop regulatory infrastructure and related activities to effectively review advanced nuclear reactor applications and technologies.    As we continue to work through Project Aim, we are confident the agency is on the right track. The savings have already been identified through a comprehensive evaluation that involved staff and stakeholder input, and are reflected in part in our fiscal year 2017 request.    Still, we remain mindful of the importance of a highly skilled technical staff in carrying out our safety and security mission. While our size may change to reflect efficiency gains, the need for the service we provide the American people remains unchanged.    I want to highlight one other area we are focusing on improvement. We are cognizant of the committee's concerns regarding early commissioner involvement in rulemaking, and have approved a new approach to do so, and will provide requested information to the committee later, actually, beginning of next month, as provided in the committee report on the fiscal year 2016 appropriation.    On behalf of the Commission, I thank you for the opportunity to appear before you, and I know you share our dedication to our vital mission, and I would be pleased to answer your questions. Thanks very much.    Mr. Burns. I think there was continued good performance overall within the industry. We had a couple of plants go into what we call Column 4, which required enhanced oversight on our part, the Arkansas Nuclear One and the Pilgram plant both operated by Entergy. We are providing an additional oversight on that.    Again, apart from the operating fleet, I would note that we continue to inspect the construction of the four units in Georgia and South Carolina, and also reached a decision with respect to the operating license for Watts Barr Unit 2 in Tennessee. It has begun pre-operational testing and commercial operation is expected this spring.    The other part of it, which does not sometimes get as much attention, is our engagement with the Agreement States. As you may know, 37 of the states have an agreement under the Atomic Energy Act, where they carry out the regulation of radioactive materials under rules compatible with the national standards.    I think this is a good example of a very good Federal-state partnership, and we continue to engage them. We support them with training and communicate well with that.    As Commissioner Ostendorff elaborated on, we have two issues, one looking forward is the question about--as you will see in the budget proposal--additional areas for engagement on potential advanced reactor design. We expect a new small modular design.    The other issue in terms of again giving electricity markets cheap natural gas and all that, the question about continued operation of some nuclear units in those markets. We have indications of what I will call early shutdowns in the sense of before the end of the licensed life.    We are prepared to deal with that. We have initiated a rulemaking to make our processes for that a little more efficient and effective. That will take a few years. We are able to engage in that and have been.    That is sort of like a 50,000 foot level, if that answers your question.    Mr. Burns. I think there was continued good performance of the nuclear plants in the county overall, and continued work on the enhancements that we identified in cooperation with industry after the Fukushima accident, so improving safety.    Mr. Burns. The NRC has, as the Committee will know, has included within our appropriates for a number of years about $15 million grants program which we have been administering. I can provide the number of institution across the country for the record, but that provides some funding in terms of training programs and similar things. Not only at the engineering level, but I think there are some trade schools. Basically, you know, community colleges and other places where you can get the trades involved.    I know in some of my visits, most recently, to the South Texas plant and the Palo Verde Plant in Arizona that it is interesting. You can see partnerships between the utility and local community colleges in terms of developing trades and a workforce that is, in effect, local that may contribute as employees of those plants in future years. So, again, our role in some respects is a small one, but I think we are trying to do the effect with what we have.    Mr. Burns. That is correct. Again, this is the President's budget and in terms the approach the Administration has taken toward that. What I will say is it has been now, I think about 8 or 9 years, where it is routinely, and we have embraced that and carried it out, I think, in an effective manner.    Mr. Burns. You are correct. Mr. Frelinghuysen, that there are actually two reports that came out, actually fairly close. One a Chatham House report out of the UK, and then a Homeland Security within about a week. The Chatham House was a general perspective on cyber. Not particularly in the U.S. In fact, no one who prepared that report talked to anybody at the NRC about it. It is not clear who they talked to, an unnamed source.    The basic ideas or the issues you want to get at which is, you know, keeping the reactor controls systems, critical safety systems separate from the internet. Those are things that are required. Those are the things that are being done here. The principles they were enunciating I think were good. Homeland Security, about a week or two later, actually gave the nuclear industry a pretty good score in terms of where it was.    Part of that, I think, comes from the fact that we had established a set of regulations several years ago which the industry is implementing that addresses the cyber security type issues. They have gone through the first phase. We are doing inspections and follow up inspections this year. There is another phase it will do, but overall, I think this industry is in pretty good stead. It requires vigilance.    Mr. Burns. Actually. I apologize, I may be referring to different points. Our inspector general issued a report with respect to our internal, NRC internal, issues, and there are some issues we need to address in terms of some of our contracts and the like. But overall, we have not experienced a significant attack. We need to be, you know, vigilant on this as every industry.    Mr. Burns. Ok.    Mr. Burns. My understanding, and I would be pleased to provide more details for the record, is that we are addressing the IG's findings in the contracting process and taking the corrective actions there. So I think we agree with the findings that the IG had. We need to be better.    Mr. Burns. Right.    Mr. Burns. I would expect, and I can certainly confer with our regional staff, but I would not necessarily expect the resident to be present when the spill or the leak occurred or something like that. I mean, our inspectors do go through the plant. They observe certain evaluations, but they would not necessarily have seen that right away.    Mr. Burns. They are looking for any number of things. They have a particular protocol, I believe, that we set that an inspector goes out and looks at. They may observe particular plant operations. They may observe this phase of equipment and things like that. They go through the plant at the various times to do that.    Mr. Burns. Ok?    Mr. Burns. Unless they had observed it directly themselves. After all, the operator is responsible for the operations within the license requirements, and is ultimately responsible for the safety of the plant. If indicated, we will have inspectors, both we have the resident inspectors who make observations during their normal rounds in terms of what the plant is doing as well as send, as you indicated here, we have sent a specialist out there to help with the evaluation of what happened and the significance of it.    Mr. Burns. Well, I would expect, again, as part of our evaluation of this particular incident to understand how that contributed to the tritium spill or the tritium leak. I would expect that to happen. We will inspect during outages various pieces of equipment and in particular sometimes operation of equipment and those types of things during our inspection program.    Mr. Burns. I believe that a supplemental environmental review is due later this year. I can provide you for the record what the timing is. I do not happen to know it off hand. I know there is a supplemental review. The question on the tritium leak. The tritium leak is part of the ongoing oversight process for the plant. I would expect actions related to the performance of Entergy to be taken account of through our normal oversight and evaluative process for that. They would not await the license renewal process.    Mr. Burns. Thank you.    Mr. Burns. I think the response to your question actually crosses over a number of agencies. We may actually have less to do with it than some of the others. What we do is we keep in touch with the Department of Energy, the Customs Agency, and others that might have a role in that. I know, again, this is not something that the NRC operates or licenses.    Mr. Burns. I do not think so. I think we have good cooperation and good communications among the agencies. On our end, what we can do, as the NRC, is we can do our best with respect to licensable radioactive material in the United States in terms of protecting sources, assuring that licenses are issued only to those who should have licenses. There are security aspects to that in terms of the category and quantity of radioactive or nuclear material. So that is where I think our responsibility lies.    In the interagency, and I know Commissioner Ostendorff is experiencing that, there is, I think, good communication, cooperation because we are concerned with that.    Mr. Burns. There are different approaches to it. They are actually going at an approach called DECON, which goes toward a more immediate, although, as you indicated, maybe a decade-long process versus what we call SAFSTOR, which is basically set and do it some years later, even 10 years later. But part of it is that it allows the reduction of some residual radioactivity. It allows them to do it in a methodical way. I do not know that there is a magic date or timing they can do it, but it is a big deconstruction project. I know, having gone out to the one in Illinois, near Gurnee, Illinois, northwest of Chicago, the Zion plant, which they are undergoing, and one of the things they told me, they are actually at a point it is not radioactive material that is the concern, it is actually other heavy metals and other types of hazardous materials that you have got to be careful about as well. It is not just the radiation, for example, if they use lead paint when the plant was built in 1970 for signage and things like that. So from our standpoint, it is a safe approach that they can do; I recognize it may take some time.    Mr. Burns. I would have to supply for the record that there are a number of them, I believe it is true, I do not know, it is a half-dozen or more, we will provide that for the record, that had a higher seismic evaluation conducted. What we have done, and for example, in California, the Diablo Canyon, I think its revised seismic evaluation is due in 2017, and Columbia Station in Washington in 2019. What we do expect is that they are capable of meeting their current design basis, and if they have identified areas which there may be vulnerability, that they may be taking additional measures, but for the most part, the plants themselves, in terms of their design, are extraordinarily robust, so we are satisfied, given what we know at this time, that the plants can operate safely pending the final outcomes on the re-evaluations.    Mr. Burns. On a plant-specific basis, and again, it would be in terms of assessing the significance of what it is, what the nature of the outcome is or what the equipment that might be affected, but we would establish a timeline, and again, if during that time, we would either have interim measures that would assure safety, and that could be a variety of things, I think.    Mr. Burns. I would be pleased to provide. I am not familiar with those two particular sites. There are a number of instances in which licenses that may have been terminated, for example, and I do not know if that is the case with these, under the Atomic Energy Commission, where we have gone back and said that there additional remediation needs to be done, but I would be pleased to provide you some information that is responsive on that.    Mr. Burns. Primarily what we do in terms of close-out inspections, what I would expect us to do is have a thorough assessment of the site, understanding what the historic operations are, that sometimes the challenge with some of these sites is that they may have had historic operations, sometimes that went in before there was licensing either under the AEC or NRC, so making sure you have good site characterization, that you have good oversight of the activities done to decommission, and that, I think, going forward, those are the things for those areas that are under our jurisdiction that I think can help the most.    Mr. Burns. We expect to receive a design certification application from NuScale, which is located in Oregon, at the end of this year, and for, I think, about the last two years or so, I know it was going on before I came back to the NRC in late 2014, our staff has engaged with NuScale to make sure that I think on both sides we have a good understanding of expectations, in terms of we have an understanding in terms of what we are seeing, in terms of the technology, as well as they understand our needs in terms of what is needed for the design certification, and I think that dialogue has gone pretty well and puts us in good stead to receive and act on the design certification that we will get. The funding, we do not provide the funding for the design, develop and all that, that is primarily through the Department of Energy, and I think they have received some funding through the DOE. But one other thing I would add is, in addition to the NuScale application, I think we do expect to receive from Tennessee Valley Authority an application for an early site permit. Basically, it is at the Clinch River site, and basically what that is, it is looking at the site with an assumed technology. It gets you a review of some of the environmental issues and siting issues, geology, seismology, things like that. So I believe we are receiving that this spring, sometime this spring, I think in April.    Mr. Burns. Probably less so from Watts Bar 2, because Watts Bar 2 is completed under the 2-phase licensing process of a construction permit followed by an operating license. Now, it may well be that if some future applicants are interested in going that way, you can use the 2-step or you can use the so-called 1-step licensing that the Summer and Vogtle have gone through, so there may be some things to learn, and I believe our staff is doing the knowledge management on that. Commissioner Svinicki.    Mr. Burns. I agree. Thanks.    Mr. Burns. The interesting part of the answer to that question is, I think if you look, you wind up in worldwide, you wind up having to look at different places. Start with the United States, right now, we have with cheap natural gas, what I will hear from utility executives, distortions in the electricity market in terms of how they see their nuclear units valued, so you have somewhat an uncertainty. You have units being built in the southeast and in regulated markets, and we have applications. We just issued yesterday the authorization for the combined licenses for South Texas Units 3 and 4, and they talk as if they are very serious about that. So that is in the U.S. If you look in Europe, my three years there, it was extraordinary in terms of how people talked about it. You have the Germans with the Energiewende, with turning away from nuclear, though buying some French nuclear and buying Polish coal generation. You have the United Kingdom going forward with its program. You have Eastern Europe going forward in its program. Then you move to Asia where you have India and China, China on a very aggressive building program, and India, less so, but also growing their nuclear generation. Then you have the question of so-called new entrants, with countries like Vietnam. You have a country like the UAE with 2 units under construction and another two, so you have a mixed bag, and I am probably not the best fortune teller or forecaster on that, but that is what I have seen across the world on it.    Mr. Burns. Well, I think that is an interesting question, because some of things, for example, that we will need to look at, we have started to look at some of those in the siting, is what is the security profile for an SMR? What is, in fact, the number of operators that you need in a control room for an SMR; that is more of a safety question. But that is one of those things that we need to deal with. We have put out, I think, for public comment the question on what is the emergency planning profile for the small modular reactors. A lot of what you do here, and I think partly that is going to be to the extent that DOE helps with that, part of it is our engagement, that there is in some of the advanced designs, more inherent protection from a security safeguards perspective. I think those are important things to look at, and I think that is something that not just us in the United States, the extent, like there is a Generation 4 forum, those are the types of things that they will look at as well. Those are good questions; I am not sure we have all the answers yet, but what you hear is that there are some aspects of that just from the safeguard security standpoint that you may have better inherent activates.    Mr. Burns. Yes, and one of the things that we can do as NRC and we are doing, that NRC does to the extent that DOE and some of the broader non-proliferation issues you raise is that we are engaged with the International Atomic Agency in terms of looking, there is a new form on SMRs there, through my old organization, the Nuclear Energy Agency at the OECD. There is a multinational design evaluation program where there is cooperative and they are starting to look at the SMR.    Mr. Burns. I do agree that it is important for us to set objectives like the 2 year objective. Again, they may not be hard and fast in all circumstances but it gives us something to work to. It enhances, I think, communication with licensees and the like. What we have been doing over the last couple of years, we have been working down the licensing backlog and I believe that through 2016, or by 2017, we will have worked it off so we have been giving that some good attention and are trying to meet those goals and objectives.    Mr. Burns. Well, a point of fact, we are the minority tenant in the third building at this point. The most important thing, probably we have in there is our operations center which was upgraded a few years ago and we have some staff offices but we are the minority tenant. As we look at the overall staffing size of the agency, I would agree, we need to look at what our footprint is. What do we need in terms of space? And to the extent that we do not need, be responsible about the space we have and, where possible, reduce our footprint, if it maintains our--I think Commissioner Svinicki wanted to add something.    Mr. Burns. I think my understanding is that we do have the money available in the current budget to address the Waste Control Specialists, which, as you indicated, is the first expected application. It may require some reprogramming of funds and then if it triggers the marks, we would come to the committee on it. Because we did not know and did not expect at the time the 2016 budget was promulgated, we did not particularly plan for it but we think we have the room in there for that, and the one in New Mexico I think is not expected until '17. It is not in the budget so I think we would have to look.    I think again, my understanding is we may be able to shift some funds to be able to cover that but we could make sure we are clearer on that for the record.    Mr. Burns. Yeah.    Mr. Burns. Primarily, the new things are these potentially consolidated storage sites. Other sites, I would have to get for the record. A number of plants already have the storage capacity. They have done the above ground dry storage or they have done the dry storage pads and some are working to it. I would be pleased to provide what new ones we may be getting from individual sites; I just do not have that number on the top of my head.    Mr. Burns. Pardon?    Mr. Burns. I think we are okay on that but I will check back on that.    Mr. Burns. We do have sufficient funds to complete the supplemental statement. I anticipate it being issued this spring. My recollection was that it is sometime this spring, in March.    Mr. Burns. What we have is the remaining carryover that was appropriated earlier from the high level nuclear waste fund. We have, on the order, about $2 million which essentially we have--I believe we have informed the Committee before, targeted towards transferring the bulk of the documentation into our archival--the so called ADAMS document system, and then that expends what we have. The steps, once the staff issues an environmental statement. The remaining steps with respect to what the agency would have to do relate to the hearing process that is required under the act and we have pending, when the hearing was suspended, about 288 contentions that would go in front of our licensing board and then ultimately the decision would be subject to review by the commission.    We have estimated in the past that to complete a review, would take on the order of about $330 million.    Mr. Burns. No, that would----    Mr. Burns. It would be multiple years and I am not quite sure the breakdown of that.    Mr. Burns. I agree.    Mr. Burns. As we develop the budget, I think that is always our top priority. We look those things where it is important for us to maintain oversight, where it may be important to us to have interface. For example, I mentioned our agreement state partners, where it is important to be able to move through an effective licensing process that assures safety and security so I am comfortable with where we are in this budget on that.    Mr. Burns. It reflects about $10 million of those savings and again partly because the process of our development, as you know, the budget development process, these were things we identified when we went through the Executive Branch process. We were fairly comfortable with the $10 million and what we have done and what the staff has identified in the rebase lining paper, which I think we have provided to your staff, is identified about $30-31 million additional areas, which are before the Commission for review right now. We got the paper about a week ago but that do reflect some additional, having taken a hard look, they reflect some additional potential savings.    Mr. Burns. Yeah, I would expect that.    Mr. Burns. I think that is our intention. I have read, myself and my colleagues can speak for themselves, I have read the paper, I flagged--I think the staff did a good job but sometimes they are just talking in shorthand, even to some of us who work within the building and I want to make sure I understand what those things are and I have a handful of those so that is part of our due diligence and I expect my colleagues are probably in the same boat.    Mr. Burns. Congresswoman Lowey, we have looked at the pipeline issue. In fact, our staff met with one of the persons, Mr. Cooper, last week on it. Our evaluation is that there is not an adverse impact on the Indian Point Plan. Having said that, I believe we would look at what the impact might be and I would have to consult with our staff in terms of what they have done or what additional action might be required because of the analysis that they have done on what is called the security--if there is an impact or a potential impact on the security barriers. I do not know the answer to your question immediately but I can ask our staff to inform us and inform you of that but that, again, would be our primary. Looking at it, we would be concerned of--our concern is assuring that there is not an adverse impact on the safe operation of the plant or equipment or barriers involved or security barriers at the plant.    Mr. Burns. The impact of a pipeline on a facility that could have--that has, for example, an explosive--here the question is basically a rapid explosion and release from that pipeline, those types of things are taken into account and are looked at when new projects come in where an existing site is or are taken into account in the licensing of a new facility and what our staff does is make evaluation, whether or not it has an adverse impact from the ability--in terms of the ability to shut down the plant or protect the plant or something like that.    Mr. Burns. I would have to ask and consult with the staff and would be pleased to get you an answer for that.    Mr. Burns. We look at as part of our review what the attributed cause of a failure or a violation or some sort of transient at the plant and I could not speak right now as to whether or not Entergy is blaming vendors more than another licensee may. Ultimately the licensee is responsible for the safe operation of the plant. It may have issues in terms with respect to its vendors but ultimately they need to have processes in place that ensure the quality of the material that they are installing in the plant as well as maintaining the plant.    Mr. Burns. Well we certainly work with a Federal and state partners with respect to emergency planning and emergency preparedness around nuclear power plant sites. Ultimately those entities, other Federal entities such as FEMA and the state are responsible emergency preparedness backgrounds. We have found that the emergency plans for the Indian Point plant meet Federal requirements but we continue to work with as I say with Federal and state partners in terms of improving and exercising those plans.    Mr. Burns. Our evaluation of the tritium leak will go into our normal oversight process and the consequences or the significance of the leak would be taken into account as part of our day to day evaluation and oversight of operations. My understanding about the Indian Point renewal proceeding is that there is a supplemental environmental statement that is due out this spring, later this spring. There are potentially some additional hearings with respect to that and there could be a decision later this year but I think rather than--let me make sure we supplement that for the record because I think there is more time. There happens to be an unusual situation. I am actually recused from the decision on the renewal because of my prior role as senior staff counsel at the agency some time ago. But I would be pleased to get you the information that you want.    Mr. Burns. I think the current regional distribution does make sense. Sometimes you get some questions about whether it might make more sense to say move the oversight of a particular reactor into a different region because you have other reactors operated by the same company in that other region. We once had five regions in the NRC. About twenty years ago we eliminated Region 5 which was primarily the West Coast and it is now overseen by our Region 4 that operates out of Dallas. What we have done with some of the regional offices is we have actually consolidated some activities into those regions. I am satisfied about where that is now. For example our Region 2 office out of Atlanta is doing new reactor construction over sight at the Vogtle and Summer plants and at the Watts Bar plant. They also do the fuel facilities across the country. Our Region 1 and Region 3 offices because that is where the bulk of the materials licensees that are still under direct NRC jurisdiction they have responsibility for that. So I think in the past we have taken some advantage of that leveraging in efficiency by consolidating some of those activities when the activity is not as prevalent in one of the regions. For decommissioning that is an interesting question but I think right now because you have activity in the various regions it probably makes sense to continue with that model. Because--in most of the regions that there is ongoing working in that area.    Mr. Burns. We have been holding public meetings with mostly fee payers are probably most of the folks that come to that meeting as you would expect so our chief financial officer has been doing that. She is responsible for the development of the fee rule. We have been doing some things to align the fee rule more closely to our budget process and budget request so I think that helps transparency because you are not trying to interpret two different ways of looking at it. So those are some of the steps. We will be publishing soon the Fiscal Year 2016 rule probably about the beginning of March. Again I think having some public outreach on that it takes some work but I think we are getting better at it.    Mr. Burns. I will take the last question you asked. I think only indirectly in the sense that we provide experts who may attend meetings. Some are our technical experts. I attend the general conference that is held once a year as part of the US delegation. So my understanding, that's the primary way that they direct. The rest of it is through primarily the State Department budget. The Department of Energy probably has this in a similar way in terms of support. But I think primarily the funding comes through the State Department's support for international organizations. The first part of your question, our engagement again primarily is on civil nuclear safety, civil nuclear security and where that has interfaced with nonproliferation. IAEA has always had in a sense that dual role. In many ways when it was founded coming out of President Eisenhower's atoms for peace speech in the early 1950s part of the idea was to move down from nuclear weapons but make the availability of atomic energy for civilian purposes available and necessary. That is the primary place that we play a role in terms of participating in some of what I will call standards making activities. We also do that through the NEA and a good example of where standards and this is more on the--I will give you an example both on what I call a purely safety side as well as a security side. We adopt the IAEA transport regulations. They are guides and then we and DOT will adopt them and that helps in terms of protection of material both from a safety and security standpoint. The other thing for example and source security one of things going on before 9/11 because I think as Mr. Calvert noted it came out of the problems identified with basically abandoned material in the former Soviet Union. But then after 9/11 the new concern about terrorists getting material so there was an IAEA code of conduct which the US has subscribed to and in many ways our PAR 37 which is for source security reflects those types of ways of trying to protect and provide security over sources. So that is a quick illustration about we contribute, where we try to use the standards that are developed.    Mr. Burns. It may be too early to tell but I think for the most part we have seen continued performance. The Indian Point issue is one we are following up on, but I would note again that we were informed of it by the licensee at a reporting below what was the mandatory reporting threshold. They are obviously in a highly charged environment up there and they are closely watched. But we will see issues in performance. I think we are on top of it and overall so far about six weeks into the year generally good performance.    Mr. Burns. Yes. Under Project Aim one of the other things that we have done besides the rebaselining report is we as a Commission approve what is called a strategic workforce planning and why that is so important I think is because it is having our human resources office in coordination with all of our staff technical offices focus on what are the technical skills we need to maintain as an agency so we can do those things we are expected to do. Inspect. Review license applications. Learn from operating experience and the like. That is one of the keys and that came out of Project Aim. When we talk about corporate support one of the things we were looking at through Project Aim is how to be more effective in providing the support to the staff, corporate support and overhead type activities. It is your computer, it is your office space you are in, it is the training. It may be the training that you undertake. We need to make sure our people are supported with those things, but what we have identified and that is what we are going to look at in this rebase lining report. I think primarily you are looking at a lot of areas where you may get administrative type efficiencies. We need to be careful as Commissioner Baran said that some of those that have the interface with the safety mission to make sure that making a decision--no we do not need to do that, that we are making a good, well informed decision.    Mr. Burns. Where I think we maintain our presence and our oversight--particularly through our resident program sites--when we have incidents such as Congresswoman Lowey described at Indian Point where we send out specialty inspectors and have that type of reactive inspection that is where we are providing substantial value in the inspect area and those are the types of things we are not pulling back under Project Aim.    Maintaining that core staff, undertaking that responsibility remains at the centerpiece and the central point of our activities.    Mr. Burns. I would have to give you something for the record on that.    Mr. Burns. Yes and I ask Commissioner Ostendorff to supplement my answers since he visited Ukraine last year, but we do have some bilateral arrangements with them and we provide a cooperation and advice to them and I know I will pass it to Commissioner Ostendorff because he was there last year.    Mr. Burns. Yes, madam. That decision that you refer to relates to an environmental review that we are required to do with respect to licensing. It is not a decision in favor of extended storage. What it says is that from an environmental standpoint, from a safety standpoint it can be safely done, it can be safely done. That decision is actually in litigation here.    Mr. Burns. Yeah, it is in litigation here and I think in the D.C. Circuit Court of Appeals.    Mr. Burns. Well, I think the court should side with the agency on that. They are challenging our decision. I think the four of us are comfortable with the decision we made. It is hard for me to speculate what the court--if the court agreed even in part with the petitioners it is hard for me to speculate what that would mean--that they may remand it to the agency for further evaluation, they may issue some sort of an order. I would not want to speculate too far because there is multiple things that the court could possible do.    But we are confident that we reached an appropriate decision on the matter that was put before us and again I want to emphasize it is not a decision that was intended to reach in effect a license for an interminable period of time or to encourage that type of approach to ultimate treatment in handling of nuclear waste.    Mr. Burns. I believe at the end of this year--there is none from fiscal 2016 if I am articulating this right. We plan to fully obligate for '16. We have some carry over from prior years. I believe the total is maybe up to about $25 million--about $13 million fee based. That is what I understand.    Mr. Burns. Yes, that is correct. It does not.    Mr. Burns. Yes, I do expect you will get it by that date and it will conform to the language. It will be consistent with the language provided in the report.    Mr. Burns. Actually I have been talking to my colleagues about supplementing that report. The report that we gave you focused on what was expected to be worked on in fiscal 2017. I think the number is higher. We are going to provide you a supplemental report. What we did not include in that report is some things like petitions for rulemaking and other things.    We need to get you some more up to date and better information about that. The other aspect just to highlight one other, there are some things that if you look at what is technically a rule making activity in front of the agency includes some things that are sort of long suspended, there are no activities on it, but I think in the interest of full disclosure and transparency we are going to give a supplement to that report.    Mr. Burns. I have not experienced--I think we worked well together. I do not know of anything we have put off because we do not have a fifth commissioner.