    Mr. Courtney. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank you for holding this hearing on our Air Force long-range strike capabilities. Given the impending award of the contract for the Long-Range Strike Bomber in the coming weeks, this is an excellent opportunity to discuss the future of this critical part of our Nation's power projection abilities.    The Air Force long-range bomber fleet has long provided our Nation with a flexible and effective deterrent tool. From composing one the three legs of our strategic triad to providing a full complement of conventional long-range strike options for decision makers, the ability to project power and convincingly strike from far distances is one of the most important components of our military arsenal today.    Our long-range strike fleet, composed of our B-52s, B-1s and B-2s, are also amongst the oldest aircraft inventory today. However, the current timeline projects that the Long-Range Strike Bomber will not actually be ready for operations until 2030, adding 15 years to the average ages of our existing bombers, effectively making the B-52 eligible for Social Security by the time the Long-Range Strike Bomber comes online.    I am interested in hearing from our witnesses about the kinds of ideas they have in regards to sustaining our current fleet in the years before the new bomber comes on line as well as lessons that we should draw from the longevity of these aircraft as they would apply to this new class. The strategic importance of demonstrating our Nation's long-range strike capability cannot be overstated, especially as it applies to the Asia-Pacific region. As noted by one of our witnesses today, Lieutenant General Elder, our bombers were an important part of deterring North Korean sabre-rattling in 2013. When B-52 bombers flew 6,500 miles from Missouri to South Korea to drop bombs on a test range, North Korea quickly toned down its threatening rhetoric, and the bombers effectively deterred further provocation in a volatile region.    As our near-peer competitors, especially China, develop formidable anti-access/area denial technologies, our ability to maintain a military advantage hinges on our ability to penetrate those defenses. I hope our witnesses will share their views with the committee on how the Long-Range Strike Bomber and long-range strike capabilities generally fit into the strategic priorities of the Asia-Pacific rebalance.    This new program is going to occur at a time of intense budget pressure, not just within the Air Force alone but also the entirety of the Department of Defense. Yet, with the aircraft expected to be in service well into this century, it is important that we get this right. As such, it is important that this panel and this Nation fully understand the challenges ahead and the options available to ensure that we retain a credible and robust long-term strike capabilities well into the future.    Thank you again, Mr. Chairman, and I look forward to the discussion today.    Mr. Courtney. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    In terms of just trying to assess the value, which the chairman's first question certainly zeroed in on, obviously, this program's ability to operate jointly with other branches in terms of the Navy or ground forces, I was just wondering if you could maybe help us sort of understand the value from that aspect.    General Elder. That is a great question, and one of the things about this particular airplane--although when you are operating in a contested environment and people are shooting at you, you definitely don't want to present yourself as an easy target. But if you were to look today, even where it is relatively an uncontested environment in Afghanistan and you look at where the bulk of support to our ground forces is coming from, it is actually coming from B-1s that are providing that close air support. That wasn't something that was really that easy to do before we had the weapons we have today. They have the same type of targeting pods that the fighters have; they have the GPS -guided weapons. The big thing they can do is they can persist for a long time and get there quickly. And because of that, you can provide quite a bit of coverage. So it is invaluable from that standpoint.    If this were a contested environment, those airplanes wouldn't be able to just loiter there because they would become targets themselves. So having that advanced stealth, while not going to be a panacea, but they will have a capability to operate that our current platforms would have difficulty being able to operate in. From a naval standpoint, there is a different way of looking at this, and it goes back to all those--I guess it is going a little bit out of vogue now, the whole AirSea Battle.    But there are advantages to air forces and vulnerabilities, and there are advantages to sea forces and vulnerabilities. But it turns out that when you put those together, they are actually pretty complementary, and that was the whole idea behind AirSea Battle: Let's take advantage of some of the things that the maritime force can do to help make the air forces be more effective and vice versa. This platform operating in conjunction with maritime forces is going to be able to do quite a bit. One of the things is, as a sensor platform itself, it is actually going to be able to see targets and relay that information back to where a maritime force could be launching weapons as well.    And if you understand how special forces operate, there is a nice advantage to that because if you have one group that is actually doing the surveillance and another one is doing the shooting, you don't give away your surveillance position when you shoot and then you can leave. So operating together, you are going to have a nice complement there.    Without going into any classification, there are a lot of things that maritime forces can do from a sensing standpoint. I wouldn't want to go into detail here; the committee I am sure is well aware of those. That information can be used to make bombers more effective and actually also help protect the bombers. So you can see that these different forces are supposed to have--particularly when you are talking about undersea forces--have their own kind of stealth, a different kind of stealth but they are a stealthy force. You put those together, and it provides a very complex environment for an adversary to believe that they could defeat us. That is useful not only actually when you go to fight, but when someone is trying to think about fighting, they might want to give it a second thought and say: You know, they have so many different ways they can deal with us; we might think we have a leg up, but in reality, we can't be sure because particularly when they put these capabilities together, we have no idea just how significant those forces, the synergistic capabilities that would come from bringing those forces together, would be.