    Ms. Matsui. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And I am not a constitutional lawyer so I cannot provide any more clarity to this but I appreciate the discussion and Commissioner Rosenworcel's response.    We need to talk something I am passionate about and that is Lifeline. Access to broadband is absolutely essential for participation in the 21st century economy. We all know this that affordability has been a major obstacle for the Americans that live on the wrong side of the digital divide. We all know that broadband is not a luxury but an absolute necessity. And as Commissioner Rosenworcel always says, for parents helping kids with their homework, and for businesses in all our communities, and for every American to succeed.    I am thrilled that the FCC is finally modernizing their Lifeline program into the 21st century. It has been something I have been calling for since 2009, when I introduced I believe the first legislation to expand Lifeline to broadband.    Now, as we do so, I hope the FCC makes sure that these changes are beneficial to the low-income consumers the program is designed to help, and I believe others have brought up this concern, and does not harm the vulnerable consumers in the Lifeline program today.    What I have heard are concerns about the FCC's proposed changes to support for mobile voice service. And as we expand Lifeline to broadband, we can't forget that low-income consumers still need to be able to make voice calls, especially 911 in the event of an emergency.    Chairman Wheeler, quickly, can you explain the proposed changes you are making to Lifeline support for mobile voice services?    Ms. Matsui. OK. Commissioner Clyburn, do you think that you struck the right bands here?    Ms. Matsui. Right.    Ms. Matsui. OK, thank you. I often speak about the need for global access to spectrum to fuel our wireless economy. Spectrum is the invisible infrastructure that powers mobile networks.    As we look ahead to 5G, networks will be transporting more data than ever before. But wireless services also rely on wires, which is one of the reasons I care about special access reform.    Commissioner Rosenworcel, do you agree that we need a competitive special access market so that the United States can continue to lead the world in 5G?    Ms. Matsui. OK, thank you and I yield back.    Ms. Matsui. So, if I may, yes, I yield.