    Admiral Grosklags. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, distinguished members of the subcommittee. We appreciate the opportunity to appear before you today to address our Navy and Marine Corps aviation programs.    As you well know, the United States is a maritime nation. We have global interests and global responsibilities. Our Navy and Marine Corps provide the continuously forward-deployed persistent presence which ensures our Nation's global reach, global access, and ability to project power, regardless of changing alliances, permissions, or circumstances on the ground.    We move at will across the world's oceans, the seas, and the littorals, providing our Nation's leaders with offshore options where it matters and when it matters. The aviation component of our Navy and Marine Corps team enables our sea-based and expeditionary naval forces to bring simultaneous influence over vast stretches of maritime environment, across the shoreline, and deep inland.    As such, it is critical that our aviation forces remain always ready and poised to engage in a moment's notice, with the required capacity and capability to influence events and, if necessary, to fight and to win.    Last year, we saw significant advancements in many of our aviation programs: the first P-8 deployment to the Western Pacific; the standup of a second Special Purpose MAGTF formed around the capabilities of the V-22 and the KC-130J; initial qualification of the Joint Strike Fighter onboard an aircraft carrier.    This year, we look forward to a number of additional milestones, to include the initial operational capability of the F-35B with the Marine Corps; initiation of sensor testing on our MQ-4C Triton ISR platform; the first flight of the Marine Corps CH53K by the end of this year; our first deployment of the the E-2D Hawkeye started this month on the Theodore Roosevelt. Along with the Air Force, we have declared initial operational capability for the AIM-120D and will IOC the AIM-9X Block II this month.    For 2016, our naval aviation budget request is based on a number of central themes: fifth generation fighter and attack capability; netted persistent multi-role intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance; critical supporting capabilities in electronic attack, maritime patrol, and vertical lift; advanced strike weapons programs; readiness recovery; and targeted modernization of the force to ensure continued relevance and sustainability.    As this subcommittee is well aware, while our security interests face an increasing array of threats and demands, our budget position grows ever more challenging. We will continue to prioritize the readiness of the forces currently forward deployed over all other investments. However, we must also recognize that those Navy and Marine Corps forces this Nation deploys to meet the future threat will be dependent upon the modernization and the readiness efforts provided by the programs of today.    Across the Department, our strategies for the development, procurement, and sustainment of both current and future weapon systems are critically dependent upon stable and--excuse me--predictable funding at a level commensurate with our President's Budget 2016 budget request.    The alternative has been made clear by our secretaries and our service chiefs. A smaller force, a force less forward deployed, a force slower to respond in a crisis, and a force which, when it does respond, will be less capable and more vulnerable.    Mr. Chairman, we request your leadership and the support of this subcommittee to provide the resources that enable your Navy and Marine Corps to be our Nation's first responders. We again thank you for the opportunity and look forward to your questions.    Admiral Grosklags. One statement for the Department, sir.    Admiral Grosklags. Sir, I will talk real briefly about the engine and without diving too far--it is on. Yes. I will speak louder.    I will touch on the engine. But I don't want to take too much time to dive too deeply into the technology piece. But that occurred last summer. We had a--we very quickly identified the root cause. There was two components rubbing on each other internal in the engine, created a lot of heat, and thus a failure. That root cause was identified.    Some restrictions were put on the fleet while we searched for corrections to that. We have essentially two temporary fixes in place today that allow the fleet to continue to fly across all type model series. Depending on the degree of the correction they have had, equates to the amount of flight envelope that they are able to utilize.    The long-term fix is still being worked with Pratt & Whitney, the engine manufacturer. But other than the, I will call it temporary disruption to our test program, where we had to basically stop flying for a few days and then bring things back on slowly. As General Davis noted, the aircraft are back flying. They are flying real-world-type training missions. And the engine is performing the way we expect it to.    General Holmes. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I think General Davis and Admiral Grosklags did a great job of describing the progress, both in the software and the engine issue. I would just note that the investigation into the engine was something new for us as we worked together among the three services and the partners to make sure that everybody knew what was going on, that everybody was aware of what we were finding, and that everybody was involved in the decision.    So we did a joint safety board and a joint accident investigation board that let us all understand where we were in the process and be able to adjust. It has had a little bit of an impact in delay on testing program. Because when we temporarily grounded the aircraft and reduced their flight envelope as we worked through the issues, it delayed some of the test points.    The JPO has been dedicated to supporting the Marine effort to reach IOC. And we are happy to help with that effort. We know that they plan to reach it first, and we have worked together with them to do that. And we look forward then to progressing toward our IOC sometime next year then.