    Mr. Meeks. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and I thank the gentlemen for their testimony. I have been running back and forth from different hearings.    But I traveled to Vienna not too long ago and had a conversation with the head of the IAEA because for me--and I guess my question, you know, is one can frame the potential deal as one that would eventually roll back some sanctions in exchange for a significant reduction of centrifuges and increased transparency, transparency being the key issue as well as the IAEA getting to do the work that they need to do and access.    Now, they told me that at least so far while the framework was being worked on Iran has lived up to whatever its commitments were.    But would you say that the key is what would allow an inspector to be satisfied in their work in verifying Iran's implementation of a deal and is that where and what we should be pushing to make sure that there is, in this deal, this transparency issue? Is that--would you think that is the key here?    Mr. Meeks. See, here is what my concern is and I have to rely a lot on the IAEA and I hope that the committee has a chance to go and talk again while--with some of those. I think that would be good instruction for all of us.    Mr. Meeks. That would be great. But my concern is this, if we don't engage for example. From what I understand, and you correct me if I'm wrong, back in 2003 Iran had 164 centrifuges and then by 2008 that figure was close to 5,000. In other words, the number of centrifuges increased by 30 times between 2003 and 2008.    And so what other alternatives--it seems to me by engaging we have rolled back the program. I don't know what the other alternative is if we don't continue to engage and try to work it out.    Mr. Meeks. So that is why I say the transparency issue was tremendously important. So then the question would be what are the minimal verification measures that you believe are needed in a final agreement to ensure that Iranian compliance would provide the high level of confidence that there is not a secret Iranian program?    Mr. Meeks. Well, we have got a framework. We don't know what the final deal is going to be until we see it in writing on June 30th, correct?