    Ms. Slater. Thank you. Chairman Burgess, Ranking Member Schakowsky, and members of the subcommittee, thank you for the opportunity to testify before you today.    My name is Gail Slater, and I am the General Counsel at The Internet Association. The Internet Association represents over 40 of the world's leading internet companies. As the voice of the internet economy, part of our job is to ensure that all stakeholders understand the benefits the internet brings to our society.    Today I will highlight three issues for the committee which my written testimony provides greater detail on. First, the Federal Trade Commission plays an important and respected role in our society. However, there is always room for modernization and increased transparency at any agency.    Second, one FTC process bill, in particular, the TIME Act, is important to The Internet Association's members. The internet is a fast-moving and dynamic marketplace, and the framework for FTC consent orders should recognize this reality.    Lastly, the Consumer Review Fairness Act will protect consumers nationwide from meritless attempts to silence free speech, in addition to bolstering the growing online economy.    Regarding FTC process, it is important, first, to acknowledge the valuable role the FTC plays in promoting competition and protecting consumers in our society. Beyond our borders, the FTC plays an equally important role, most recently in the extensive negotiations around the U.S.-EU Privacy Shield with which the committee is familiar.    The Internet Association thanks Chairwoman Ramirez for her leadership of the agency, both here in the U.S. and overseas. However, while we recognize the FTC for the important work that it does, there is always room for modernization and increased transparency at a 100-year-old agency.    Although FTC consumer protection and substantive law and policy commands most of the spotlight, Commission process can be equally important to stakeholders, which brings me to my second point. Of the bills before the committee today, the TIME Act is of particular importance to Internet Association members. The TIME Act would create an 8-year cap on consent orders the FTC enters into; whereas, under current agency practice, consent orders expire only after 20 years.    To put 20 years in context for internet companies, it might be helpful for the committee, first, to cast their memories back to the year 1996, if they can, and then, to fast-forward to the year 2036. In 1996, AOL and CompuServe were the largest internet platforms in the world. Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg was 12 years old, and Google was still just a research project for two Stanford grads. Dumb mobile phones barely existed, and smartphones were a figment of Steve Jobs' imagination. In 2036, it is hard to even begin to predict the ways in which we will use the internet.    This time travel exercise is a lighthearted way of illustrating that the internet changes a lot in 20 years. Yet, while internet markets are highly-dynamic, the FTC consent orders applied to them are static. This matters because 20-year consent orders serve to slow down the pace of innovation of the companies involved and are often outstripped by marketplace developments during their term. The TIME Act corrects this imbalance by creating a presumptive 8-year limit on FTC consent orders.    The third and final topic I wish to address today is the Consumer Review Fairness Act, also known as CRFA, which will protect consumers nationwide from meritless attempts to silence free speech online, in addition to bolstering the growing online economy. The FTC would play an important role in the CRFA as backstop enforcer.    To put the CRFA in context, it may be helpful, first, to talk about the importance of online reviews to consumers. Included in the benefits the internet brings to our economy is the so-called consumer surplus, which exists because the internet empowers consumers to make smarter and quicker choices about how and where they spend their money. This consumer surplus is calculated to be valued at billions of dollars per year.    A great example of the consumer surplus in action is consumer reviews. Every day Internet Association members like Amazon, Trip Advisor, and Yelp democratize purchasing and access to information by crowdsourcing the experiences of others in consumer reviews.    In today's digital economy, nearly 70 percent of consumers rely on online consumer reviews for information on where to eat, shop, travel, and more. However, although most businesses have come to accept this shift in consumers' knowledge, a minority of holdouts refuse to let consumers share their experiences online through onerous contractual terms.    Consumers usually have no idea they are signing up for contracts attempting to limit speech, which are usually only provided in small print at the moment of check-in or purchase. A patchwork of state laws, court decisions, and federal agency actions, including the FTC's, have attempted to protect consumers subject to non-disparagement clauses. However, we must address the issue on a national level to ensure the protection of all consumers online.    The CRFA, which would prohibit the use of these onerous clauses, will protect consumers nationwide from meritless attempts to silence free speech. The Internet Association strongly supports this legislation's effort to protect online reviewers of goods and services from clauses that inhibit honest reviews, and commends the committee for examining this issue during today's hearing.    I welcome your questions on these important topics. Thank you.    Ms. Slater. Thank you for the question. Although I didn't address in oral remarks, I think the FREE Act is a very important piece of legislation before the Committee.    Some context on me. I worked for the FTC for 10 years prior to my current job. The last three years I spent as an attorney advisor to a Commissioner. So, I am quite familiar with the process that Commissioner Wright also was familiar with.    I would say that, when you take a step back and look at the statute of design of the FTC, the Commissioners were intended by Congress as the board of directors. Given the vagaries of the Sunshine Act, they are often inhibited from acting like a board of directors. And it is sometimes the case that the power devolves from the Commissioners to Bureau Directors, to attorney advisors. I was one. I need to be a little bit careful because we are sitting next to a former Bureau Director here.    Ms. Slater. But I don't think that was the actual intent of Congress. And so, I see in your Act measures to course-correct back to the original design for the Commission, which is a good thing.