    Mr. Cummings. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    I agree with you that we need to have all the information, we need to have all the documents, we need to have everything that you just talked about sooner rather than later.    Mr. Chairman and my fellow committee members, I am a bit sad to report today that there are major, major problems with this committee and its work. Democratic members have grave concerns about the partisan path this committee has taken over the past year--a path we believe undermines the credibility of the investigation itself and the very things that the Chairman just said he is fighting for--to make sure that we come out with a credible report.    We spent months trying to resolve these problems privately, but we can no longer remain silent.    When the committee was established last May, many questioned whether it would devolve into unseemly partisanship. Many worried that it would become a repeat of the Oversight and Government Reform Committee, where ridiculous allegations were made with no evidence--no evidence--to back them up, excerpts of documents were leaked out of context to promote false political narratives, and Democrats were cut out of the investigative process. I know because I was the ranking member and I was cut out over and over and over again.    In response, Chairman Gowdy assured the families of Chris Stevens, Sean Smith, Ty Woods, and Glen Doherty that this investigation would honor their loved ones by being bipartisan, fair, and based on the facts. One of the things that I said to the father of Tyrone Woods is that I would do everything in my power to seek the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth, so help me God.    The chairman said that he would ``transcend politics,'' and that is a quote. He stated these words, and they meant so much when he said them. He said, ``If we engage in a process that is not fair according to the American people, we will be punished, as we should be, for that.''    Unfortunately, since then, Democrats have been excluded from core components of this investigation. People may find it difficult to believe, but eight months into this investigation, Democrats and Republicans on this committee have not spoken jointly with even a single witness. Instead, we were stunned to discover that the chairman and his staff have interviewed at least five individuals on their own without including Democrats or even notifying us.    We learned about these interviews from the witnesses themselves and from press accounts, not from our Republican colleagues. Even worse, when our staff inquired about some of these interviews, Republicans downplayed their significance. They said these interviews were not important, that one of them said nothing, quote, ``of note,'' and that the committee did not plan to use them.    But when we spoke to these witnesses, we got a different story. They shared key facts that undermine allegations the committee is investigating. Let me repeat that. When Democrats had a chance to interview some of these individuals, they provided factual information that counters the allegations this committee is investigating. Rather than bringing this information forward when the committee first obtained it, the information was buried.    The chairman is right; we need all of the facts--facts that may not be consistent with some of the things that we are hearing--because the families of those four Americans deserve that, and the American people deserve it--the truth, the whole truth and nothing but the truth.    These are not actions of a bipartisan investigation, to have secret meetings with witnesses. The way to honor the four Americans killed in Benghazi is to seek the truth, not to ignore the facts that contradict a preconceived political narrative. A credible investigation recognizes the importance of collecting these facts and putting to rest false allegations rather than allowing them to fester.    To try to address these problems, we asked the chairman to hold a vote on basic committee rules. We just want some rules. We wanted to ensure that all members, both Republicans and Democrats--and I emphasize that, both Republicans and Democrats--could participate fully in the investigation and would no longer be excluded.    Some may recall that our hearing in December was delayed because Democrats were meeting with the chairman beforehand to discuss these problems. As a matter of fact, there were some of our Republican colleagues that had drifted into that meeting. Following that meeting, the chairman promised that we would hold a vote on the committee rules. We even met with the Speaker, and he gave his blessings. But no vote has been held.    What is so disappointing is that this has been going on for months. We wrote private letters to the chairman laying out these problems in detail, hoping to resolve them. We explained that this will not be a credible, fair, or factual investigation until the committee holds joint meetings, interviews, and discussions with potential witnesses and includes all members in key aspects of our work.    That is not an unreasonable request. In fact, it is exactly how several other committees currently operate, such as the House Armed Services Committee. And there are those who will say that, ``Well, maybe it is not in their rules.'' Well, House Armed Services apparently has not decided to move to common ground; they decided to move to higher ground.    But today, after eight months, we still have no committee rules, so we have no choice but to make these letters public.    As we explained last May when we agreed to join the committee, we need someone in the room simply to defend the truth. But we cannot defend the truth if Republicans lock us out. Until this changes, the committee will be viewed as nothing more than yet another partisan, expensive, and time-consuming campaign to continue politicizing this terrible tragedy.    Finally, Mr. Chairman, let me say a few words about today's hearing. Many people are concerned about the glacial pace of this committee's investigation. But, rather than blaming Federal agencies, we should acknowledge that the reason for the delay lies in the committee's own actions. The fact is that the committee waited six months before sending its first request for new documents--six months. It took the committee almost a month longer to request witness interviews from the State Department. And even now, eight months into the investigation, the committee still has not sent a document request to the Department of Defense and it has yet to request a single witness interview from the CIA.    Although I continue to believe that the best way forward for our committee is to reach agreement on a truly bipartisan approach, I can no longer say that I am optimistic that this will happen. Nevertheless, our door is always open, and we will always be willing to sit down in pursuit of the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth.    With that, I yield back.    Mr. Cummings. Mr. Smith.    Mr. Cummings. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    As I sit here, I just want to make sure that we are all pursuing the same thing. I have heard a lot of comments that concern me.    Let me be clear. We have never, ever tried to veto the chairman's subpoena power. It just never happened. And I have made it clear to him over and over again. What we have asked for is to be true partners in this investigation.    And, you know, I think it is sad that, I mean, over my now 18 years in the Congress, to see how distrust wells up. And when distrust wells up, it is very hard to get anything done, period.    Mr. Rubin, I was watching you a minute ago when you talked about Ambassador Stevens, and I watched you as you--you may not have even realized it--became emotional talking about your friend. And as you became emotional, I couldn't help but think about all the other employees at State who are probably watching this right now and how they go out and give their blood, their sweat, their tears, away from their families, to do the jobs that they do. So the first thing I want to do is thank them.    Same thing for you, Mr. Higgins.    I mean, when I think about this effort that we are making--and I don't care what anybody says--it is a search for the truth. And be clear that what is one person's truth, somebody else may say something opposite and that is their truth. But our effort is to bring our heads together, our best efforts, and hopefully have some trust to look at all the facts and come to some conclusions.    Mr. Schiff was absolutely right. If we end this with a Republican saying this and a Democrat saying that, what have we really accomplished?    You know, one of the things that we did--and I thought it was great that we did it--was to sit down and meet with the families. And I made every one of those meetings. And it was painful. It was painful. They did not ask for Republicans to sit on one side of the room and Democrats to sit on the other. They wanted us to sit down and work together, period. One of the things that they said over and over and over and over again, don't make this a political football. One of the family members said, ``If you are going to do that, don't even bother.'' They talked about how they wanted closure. They talked about how they wanted us to truly work together.    And what we have asked for is to merely be partners, to do what we were sworn to do, what we do every 2 years, and affirm when we put up our hand and swear that we are going to support the Constitution and we are going to support the people that we represent.    And I have said it before, and I will say it again, and I will say it until I die: Each one of us represents over 700,000 people, and all of us have value. All of us bring something to the table. And so it should not be about the ``gotcha'' moment. It should be about the ``big-picture'' moment. It should be about how do we make sure that this does not happen again.    And, you know, as I listen to a lot of the discussion, there was an issue of the question of whether the Democrats had put forth witnesses. And the fact is that we need a scope, we need an idea of what we are going after.    And I wouldn't even be here, wouldn't even be talking about this if we didn't already have eight reports. And, I mean, we talk about a surety, but, dammit, we have a situation where millions of American taxpayers' dollars have been paid for these reports. We have had Members of Congress that have been paid to sit in hearings. We have staff members that have produced those reports. And some of them are bipartisan. Some of them are bipartisan.    And so, when the Democrats on this committee--while we were waiting for things to move forward--we got our staff involved, and we created something that answers questions. And contrary to what the Chairman has said in writing, we weren't trying to--we didn't say that these are things that we--we were not judging the facts. We just went to the sworn testimony. We went to the various documents on various hearings, documents that had been presented, and just the very questions that had been asked, the main questions. We just presented the documents. ``Just the facts, ma'am.''    Mr. Cummings. That is all we tried to do.    And then we said, now that we have done that, now that we have that, let's see what it is that we can work together on, if there is something, that has not been answered. Just want some scope. And we have been asking for scope.    So, Mr. Rubin, you talked about priorities. The chairman basically lays out, as I understand it, basically what he wants. Have you been given priorities?    Mr. Cummings. And how did that come about? In other words, how did it come about that there was a list of priorities? How did that happen? And why did it happen?    Mr. Cummings. And, see, this is the thing. That is why we need to have an idea of where we are going. And I assume that the chairman's goal is to address certain issues in a certain order, and he needs certain information. I agree with that, that he needs certain information.    Mr. Cummings. But when it comes to priorities, he sets those priorities, not you.    Mr. Cummings. And, now, tell me the priority list right now. What is that list?    Mr. Cummings. Number one?    Mr. Cummings. I just emphasize as I close that we have got to--it is just not common ground, we have to move to higher ground. That is what these families deserve, that is what the American people deserve, and I think that is what we all want.    With that, I will yield back.    Mr. Cummings. Would the gentlemen yield----    Mr. Cummings . Just for one question?    You know, as I listened a few moments ago to the last questioner I just want to make sure that the--consistent with what you just said, us getting the job done--that apparently they have priorities that are being set, and I want to make sure that they have the proper instructions.    I mean, on the one hand, we have some Members saying, you know, give them everything and don't worry about priorities. But, on the other hand, they say that you have set certain priorities. And I just--I mean, I want to make sure that they are clear as to the marching orders--that is all.    Mr. Cummings. Will the gentleman yield?    Mr. Cummings. The reason why I asked that question is because it is my understanding that your staff had told them that it was okay to not make the top priority the ARB information--and you can correct me if I am wrong--and then concentrate on the other things.    Is that right? Is that----    Mr. Cummings. Yeah.    And so all I am saying is, I just want--I understand what you are saying, and it makes a lot of sense. I just want to make sure that we are clear. And that way, we--you talk about not wanting to have more hearings. I understand that, too. But then I don't want folks to be in a position where they come back and say, well, you said one thing, and we tried to do what you asked us to do, and then there is--I don't want any wiggle room, I guess.