    Dr. Wenstrup. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    When we went to Eglin, we spent some time with the pilots and asked them what are the problems that they are finding. And, you know, that is certainly the best way to find out, I think, is to actually talk to them. And I know that I think you have been briefed on it and seen the list.    And I guess kind of parlaying on what Mr. Walz asked, how many of these things that you see here--and I could go through them all; don't necessarily have to--will we be able to address in the next year?    General Bogdan. Over the past 2 years, we have faced a number of technical issues that 2 years ago or a year ago, if you had said, ``Where will you be in April of 2015?'' I would have told you, ``Well, I would like to have this retired and that retired and that retired.''    So let me give you a list of a few of the things that we have retired and now a few of the things we are working on in 2015 when we come back next year will hopefully retire.    A year ago there was a lot of speculation and discussion about how good the helmet was going to be, the Generation III helmet, because the Generation II helmet had some shortfalls. It had a jitter problem. It had green glow problems. It had latency problems. It wasn't good enough for the warfighter.    Today I can tell you we are flight-testing the Gen III helmet right now and all indications are from the test pilots is that it is much improved, much improved. So I put a half a checkmark in that box and say, ``Okay. We are controlling that.''    Last year we had a major engine problem. I will tell you today we have the solution for that engine problem. It is being put into the field. And by this summer, I will have the final production version of that fix into the production line and that will be behind us.    We had a problem with lightning. We were having a problem qualifying the airplane to fly in lightning last year. That problem is basically behind us.    And, in fact, I don't know if the guys at Eglin told you, but 2 weeks ago a CF-8 flying--returning from base was struck by lightning. He was in clear air and he was struck by lightning, and absolutely nothing bad happened to the airplane.    The pilot landed the airplane. No warnings and cautions. No problems. And we could see where the lightning went into the right wing tip and came out. So lightning is another one we would put on that list of last year a problem, not a problem this year.    Fuel dumping was a problem last year because the fuel dump on the airplane comes from the bottom of the wing. And so, when you dump fuel from the bottom of the wing, there is high pressure there. It pushes the fuel up onto the wing and it sticks and it makes the wing wet. We have solved that problem.    So those are just a few of the things that a year or two ago were high on our list. What is high on our list this year?    We already talked about ALIS. ALIS has a long way to go, sir. It is a complicated 5-million-lines-of-code piece of equipment that we started treating like a piece of support equipment. It is not. It is an integral part of the weapon system.    So we have had to take steps in the last 2 years to change fundamentally the way we develop ALIS. We have applied the same techniques we used in developing software on the airplane to now developing software in ALIS. It is just going to take us some time to realize those results.    We had a problem with the hook. When we first tested the hook on a C-model a year and a half ago, we missed seven out of eight traps at Lakehurst. We went out to the boat last year and hit 124 out of 124.    So I guess what I am expressing here is we are going to have more technical problems on this program. It is a measure of a good program for you to be able to absorb those, find fixes for them, and then continue moving the ball down the field on the program. I think we are in a better position now than we ever have been to address those kind of problems.    Dr. Wenstrup. Well, you are there and you know these things are being addressed. I think it kind of took us a little by surprise, the 80 percent, and it was said kind of casually, like, ``80 percent? Like, that is far from good.''    General Bogdan. Can I make two comments about that just to kind of put it in context?    The first thing is--and that is not to mitigate the fact that we know we have a problem there--the jets down at Eglin are the oldest ones we have. They are flying 1B software and 2A software, and they are Lot 3 and 4 airplanes.    So they are flying the dogs of the fleet, quite frankly, because many of the newer lots of airplanes have many of the improvements we have learned over the last 2 to 3 years. And the newer software that we are using on the 2B airplanes is going to make that even better.    So I can understand the guys down at Eglin feeling like, ``I don't have a very good airplane here after all this time, energy, and money, General Bogdan.''    When it comes to the false reporting, we call those things HRCs, health reporting codes. And on any given sortie, you may get two or three or four of them.    What I believe when they are telling you 80 percent is, when you actually get a health reporting code on the airplane and you land, the ones that you get, 80 percent of them turn out to be not good, not that 80 percent of all--every flight you have got problems with the airplane that you don't know about.    What we have done is we have gone in and we have started to change the software both in ALIS and the airplane to address that. But at the same time, we now have a history of which health reporting----