    Mr. Shimkus. The hearing will come to order, and I will recognize myself for 5 minutes for an opening statement.    Today's hearing on the disposal of low-level radioactive waste continues our detailed examination of what it takes to manage, store, and dispose of nuclear material.    Nuclear science and technologies take advantage of radiation and nuclear properties of the atom to perform many useful activities such as improving food safety, protecting our homeland, and providing for precise industrial production.     However, these invaluable technologies generate low-level radioactive waste which must be carefully managed and transported for disposal, even though it has a lower level of radioactivity and a shorter decay time than spent fuel from a nuclear power plant.    Additionally, as our fleet of nuclear power plants ages, more reactors must go through the decommissioning process. For example, the decommissioning plan for the Vermont Yankee plant will outlast the license for the West Texas facility where the low-level waste is currently planned to be sent.    Over 35 years ago, Congress passed the Low-Level Radioactive Waste Policy Act of 1980 to establish a system by which States would form regional compacts to have a consent-based siting process for low-level waste disposal facilities.    In 1985, after limited success in implementing the act, Congress had to amend the law to provide greater authority to host States. Ten compacts are in place today, 6 of which do not have an active disposal site, including the Central Midwest Compact, which is comprised of Illinois and Kentucky.    Eight States and the District of Columbia are not affiliated with a compact. Prior to 2008, the 6 compacts without a disposal site and the unaffiliated States had access to the Barnwell, South Carolina facility for Class B and C waste.    However, starting in 2008, the South Carolina legislature made a political decision and opted to allow access only to members of the Atlantic Compact. As we will hear today, that left a significant portion of the country without a disposal pathway for Class B and C waste until 2012, when the Texas Compact opened for business, the only facility to open as a result of the Low-Level Waste Policy Act.    While Texas is currently filling a national need, political considerations could once again shift and force States to store material onsite until a new facility is located, licensed, and accepting waste.    It is important for Congress to provide oversight of low-level waste policy to make sure States have uninterrupted access to a disposal site. While compacts must address commercially generated low-level waste, the Department of Energy must manage the low-level waste generated by its research activities and the nuclear enterprise. DOE works with the communities around the Nation to assure safe management and permanent disposal.    Today we will hear how DOE can improve its engagement to assure those communities are heard and a part of the process. Additionally, the Federal Government is responsible for disposing of greater-than-Class C waste, or GTCC, which is more hazardous than other classes of low-level waste.    The Nuclear Regulatory Commission requires that GTCC waste be disposed of in a geologic repository. In 2005, Congress directed DOE to examine disposal options for GTCC waste and to make recommendations to Congress.    Congress has not yet received any GTCC recommendations. However, DOE walked away from the most practical disposal pathway for GTCC waste when President Obama quit work on the Yucca Mountain project.    The longer DOE puts off its recommendation, the longer this material must remain onsite in temporary storage instead of in a permanent disposal repository.    The sole geologic repository that has been in operation for the Federal Government to dispose of radioactive waste is the Waste Isolation Pilot Project, or WIPP.    In 2014, WIPP experienced an incident that closed the facility. I am interested in hearing from DOE how this incident has had repercussions in the Federal Government's waste management strategy.    Today's hearing will inform this committee's efforts to advance a comprehensive policy to manage spent nuclear fuel and high-level waste.    Let us look closely at the experience of siting low-level waste repositories and how the Federal Government engages States and local communities in the decision making process.    The Department of Energy carefully and constructively engaged with the State of Nevada to provide for a mixed-level waste disposal site at the Nevada National Security Site adjacent to Yucca Mountain.    We should consider how these conversations between the Federal Government and Nevada can continue to advance the development of a deep, geologic repository for used fuel.    Thank you again to our witnesses, and I look forward to your testimony this morning.    Mr. Shimkus. I now recognize the ranking member, Mr. Tonko, for his opening statement.    Mr. Shimkus. Ranking member yields back his time.    Chair now recognizes the chairman of the full committee, Mr. Upton, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Shimkus. The gentleman yields back his time.    The Chair now recognizes the ranking member of the full committee, Mr. Pallone, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Shimkus. Gentleman yields back his time.    So we want to welcome our witnesses today and first, I would like to recognize for his opening statement Mr. Mark Whitney, Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary for Environmental Management with the Department of Energy.    Your full statement is in the record, and you have 5 minutes. Welcome.    Mr. Shimkus. Thank you very much.    Now, I will turn to Mr. Michael Weber, deputy executive director of operations for materials, waste, research date and compliance program with the Nuclear Regulatory Commission.    Again, your full statement is in the record. You have 5 minutes. Welcome.    Mr. Shimkus. Thank you very much. Now I will recognize myself 5 minutes to start the round of questioning and I would start with Mr. Whitney first.    The Nevada National Security Site currently serves as a disposal Site for DOE-mixed waste. I understand that there was extensive conversations between the Department and the Governor in order to come to an agreement on the type and amount of material to be disposed there.    Will you please describe the process and the lessons learned from DOE's engagement with the State of Nevada to agree on the memorandum of understanding?    Mr. Shimkus. So when you say broad discussions on numerous things, can you give us some examples?    Mr. Shimkus. Transportation discussions?    Mr. Shimkus. Are part of the protocols?    Mr. Shimkus. OK. Good. Thank you.    Mr. Weber, the proposed revision to Part 61 standards include a provision that, and I quote, ``defense in depth is considered.''    Will you please describe how defense in depth is intended to be implemented for a facility that has very limited operating component?    Mr. Shimkus. And that would also--you use that same theory in high-level waste disposal?    Mr. Shimkus. Thank you.    Again, Mr. Weber, in its proposed changes to Part 61 requirements the NRC has concluded that a back fit analysis is not required.    Given the potential for disruption to existing low-level waste disposal facilities and for entities like the Nation's uranium enrichment facility that must dispose of depleted uranium would the NRC consider or reconsider the decision to conduct a cost benefit analysis?    Mr. Shimkus. Great. Thank you, and I will try to get this last one done.    Current regulations require the disposal of greater-than-Class C and transuranic waste in a geological repository. However, NRC staff recently recommended that the commission delegate authority to the State of Texas to develop disposal criteria for a near surface facility.    Has the NRC established limits on how much greater-than-Class C or transuranic waste could safely be disposed in a near surface site and if not would limits need to be established as part of any rule making process?    Mr. Shimkus. Is NRC contemplating allowing the State of Texas to establish these limits or would they just be considering granting a license that complies with NRC limits?    Mr. Shimkus. Based on your knowledge of greater-than-Class C and transuranic material, do you expect the limits would be necessary prior to licensing such a facility?    Mr. Shimkus. Thank you very much, and I will turn to the ranking member, Mr. Tonko, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Shimkus. The gentleman yields back his time.    The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Mississippi, Mr. Harper, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Shimkus. Aren't we in the first quarter of 2016, so you mean the second quarter? Is that right?    Mr. Shimkus. Thank you for clearing that up.    Very good. Now I would like to recognize the gentleman from Texas for 5 minutes, Mr. Green.    Mr. Shimkus. Oh, it is that big. It is that big. It is the first time I have heard a Texan say it is not that big. Now, I don't know what is going on here. If you don't mind, I will correct the record. It is that big.    Mr. Shimkus. The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Indiana, Mr. Bucshon, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Shimkus. The gentleman yields back his time.    The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Texas, Mr. Flores, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Shimkus. OK. The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania. Do you have any questions, Joe?    Mr. Shimkus. Gentleman's time has expired.    The Chair now recognizes the ranking member of the full committee, Mr. Pallone, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Shimkus. Gentleman's time has expired.    The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Ohio, Mr. Johnson, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Shimkus. Chairman yields back his time.    Seeing no other members present, we would like to thank you for being here and answering our questions and your testimony, and with that we will excuse the first panel and seat the second.    So we will begin with the second panel. Thank you for coming. I will do similar as I did at first. I will just introduce you when it is your time and we want to welcome you here.    So first to speak to us is Ms. Jennifer Opila. Is that--Opila. All right.    Ms. Jennifer Opila, director, Organization of Agreement States. Thank you. Your full statement is in the record. You have 5 minutes.    Mr. Shimkus. Thank you very much.    Next, I would like to turn to Ms. Leigh Ing, executive director of Texas Low-Level Radioactive Waste Disposal Compact Commission.    You are recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Shimkus. You are welcome. We are happy to have you here.    Next, I would like to turn to Mr. Chuck Smith, council member of Aiken County--I visited in Aiken County just last spring--South Carolina, chairman of the Energy Community Alliance.    So welcome. You are recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Shimkus. Thank you, Mr. Smith, and I will recognize myself 5 minutes for opening for the round of questioning and just say to start is that the whole idea of having these hearings is to get that input as we try to move on legislation. So we appreciate that.    Let me start with Ms. Ing. Your testimony notes that starting in 2008 States which were not a part of an interstate compact with a host facility were left stranded without a disposal option.    This was the result of the State of South Carolina choosing to exclude non-Atlantic Compact Commission States from having access to the Bardwell site. Is that correct?    Mr. Shimkus. To your knowledge, was that decision the result of any technical or legal issues or was it a policy change as a result of a political process?    Mr. Shimkus. Due to the nature of low-level waste compacts, will host State governments always have the ability to modify acceptance criteria depending on political and policy preferences?    Mr. Shimkus. The--and again, Mr. Smith, you have already mentioned the definition of waste and dealt with the transuranic. That was going to be one of my questions but you covered that.    So your testimony also notes that the Department of Energy successfully engaged with the State of Nevada to dispose of DOE-owned mixed waste at the Nevada National Security Site.     In your view, what were the key steps that enabled DOE and Nevada to come together in an understanding for how to dispose of the nuclear material.    Mr. Shimkus. OK. There is a--is there a common thread through the local communities represented by the energy community's association?    Mr. Shimkus. And some of them might be evaluation of legislation that is proposed and being engaged and helping us craft that.    Mr. Shimkus. Very good. Thank you.    Ms. Opila, many of the types of radioactive material are disused radioactive sources. Disused sources are sealed sources of radioactive material that is not currently being utilized and will never be utilized again for the intended purposes.    According to the disused sources working group, there are approximately 2 million sealed sources and tens of thousands of disused sources in the United States.    How are agreement States currently managing disused sources?    Mr. Shimkus. Is the NRC working with agreement states to track and dispose of disused sources?    Mr. Shimkus. If so, are there additional actions the NRC could undertake to improve the handling of these sources?    Mr. Shimkus. Great. That is the end of my questions and I now--I will yield back my time and yield to the ranking member, Mr. Tonko, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Shimkus. Gentleman yields back his time.    Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Texas, Mr. Flores, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Shimkus. Are you going to yield back?    Mr. Shimkus. Yes, thank you.    I just want to--Mr. Smith, in part of these discussions I have always tried to figure out what the word local communities mean.    What is your definition of local communities?    Mr. Shimkus. With respect to your association and----    Mr. Shimkus. Savannah River is in the county of Aiken, South Carolina so that is kind of a good definition. Is the country next to Aiken part of the association?    Mr. Shimkus. So what about the county that is to the east of Aiken County?    Mr. Shimkus. Are they all bordering Savannah?    Mr. Shimkus. Because of the river?    Mr. Shimkus. So they all border the----    Mr. Shimkus. So a county that is one time removed probably isn't a local community?    Mr. Shimkus. The only point I raise is because especially it kind of pertains to even Mr. Tonko's comment on the European model.    There is a definition of--I would argue that especially at in Nevada, the local community, especially when you are talking about Yucca Mountain, the local community is Federal Government.    BLM land, DOE land, all that, and then some of my friends who are 90 miles away--an hour and a half away--aren't really part of the local community in this debate. So that is kind of why I raised that question.    Mr. Shimkus. Very good. Thank you.    I want to thank my colleagues for giving me this time and I will now yield to the ranking member of the full committee, Mr. Pallone, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Shimkus. The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania, Mr. Pitts, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Shimkus. Gentleman's time has expired.    We want to thank the second panel for testifying and just remind the first and second panel we are glad to see the NRC stayed. We appreciate that.    We will note that the DOE did leave, though. So having said that, the hearing record will be open for 10 legislative days for us maybe to receive questions and then get them to you. If you would respond when you can, I would appreciate that.    And the hearing stands adjourned.