    Mr. Grijalva. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Today's meeting continues a very familiar trend of holding hearings to criticize the Administration's work under the Endangered Species Act without inviting the Administration to testify. A balanced hearing on this topic would include witnesses from the Bureau of Land Management and the U.S. Forest Service, which together manage the 64 percent of the remaining greater sage grouse habitat that is located in the U.S. public lands.    It would also include the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, the agency that will decide, based on the best-available science, whether the bird warrants protection under ESA. Instead, the Majority has invited political appointees, not scientists, from three states who claim they have been frozen out by Federal managers and their efforts to conserve sage grouse--and their efforts are sufficient.    As far as their claim of having no access, nothing could be further from the truth. Federal agencies have worked closely with the 11 relevant states throughout the process of developing science-based strategies to conserve sage grouse and their habitat. I am sure if the Republicans had invited any of these agencies, they would have told us more about this collaborative effort.    Even as they have worked closely with state officials, Federal agencies have gone out of their way to let states prove they have sufficient local conservation measures in place. Federal officials have asked states to submit plans that balance conservation needs with other state priorities for public and private lands. Last year, the Fish and Wildlife Service approved such a plan for Wyoming, and I am hopeful other states will take advantage of this opportunity.    To be clear, the states cannot reach their goal of avoiding an ESA listing of the greater sage grouse unless their plans create certainty that the bird is not threatened with extinction. The greater sage grouse has been wiped out in two states, and has seen its range nearly cut in half because of habitat destruction. At one point, as many as 16 million greater sage grouse called the sagebrush sea ecosystem their home. Now the population has been reduced to as few as 200,000 birds.    I am confident that the necessary work can be accomplished in advance of the September 30 deadline, and that the greater sage grouse can become an ESA success story. Fish and Wildlife Service and the states themselves agree that a not-warranted decision is within reach.    Unfortunately, some Members are attempting to snatch defeat from the jaws of victory. They support legislation to delay a listing decision and give up control of the people's lands to state governments that lack the resources to manage them. Instead of supporting an unprecedented cooperative conservation effort, some Members on this committee are undertaking efforts to undermine the entire process. They have gone as far as arguing that protecting the greater sage grouse could impact military readiness, a claim which has been roundly discredited by the Defense Department.    I understand why some people want to short-circuit this process. If it works, then ESA works. A successful plan that avoids species listing and protects a landscape stretching across multiple states, while also allowing for economic development, would undercut arguments in favor of weakening the Act.    The ESA has been the catalyst for conservation of many species and landscapes across this country. We are close to another success with the greater sage grouse. The only thing standing in the way is a group of people more concerned about the extinction of their talking points than the extinction of the species.    Again, I thank the witnesses for being here today, and I yield back the remainder of my time.    Mr. Grijalva. Yes, thank you.    The Chairman. You are recognized.    Mr. Grijalva. Thank you.    Doctor Arnett, something that I think we need to clear up in this hearing. Is it true that activities relating to existing energy leases, mining claims, grazing permits, and other existing legal arrangements will not be affected in any way by Federal land management plans now under consideration for the sage grouse conservation, particularly even in the strongholds? It has caused all this unnecessary consternation at this point. Can you explain to the committee that point?    Mr. Grijalva. Thank you. One quick question, Mr. Miller. Mr. Swartout mentioned that a delay is unnecessary, and that adequate conservation measures could be put in place to reach a non-warranted decision for the greater sage grouse. Do you agree that a delay is unnecessary?    Mr. Grijalva. OK. So, you don't know if a delay is necessary or not.    Mr. Grijalva. Would you consider significant progress as also a part of the criteria for an extension?    Mr. Grijalva. No, I am asking. Would that be part of the criteria?    Mr. Grijalva. OK. Dr. Arnett, early on, the comparison was made between the northern spotted owl and the sage grouse, and how that comparison is valid or not. How fair is this comparison?    Mr. Grijalva. The collaboration issue that we have been talking about today, states and the Federal agencies, how did that nexus work with regard to the spotted owl, or----    Mr. Grijalva. Would you compare the job, in terms of collaboration on the sage grouse process as we are now, better than or----    Mr. Grijalva. Thank you, I yield back.    The Chairman. Thank you.    Mr. LaMalfa.    Mr. Grijalva. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman. Let me, if there is no objection, place into the record this statement from the Department of Defense. Mark Wright, their spokesman, essentially indicates, ``While some of the management actions we have instituted have necessitated changes in when and how we use certain areas of our installation--especially during breeding season--none have resulted in unacceptable limits on our military readiness activities,'' and it goes on.    Mr. Grijalva. I want to ask Mr. Arnett. Some of the comments that were made, maybe you could comment quickly on them. Is the heavy regulatory hand of the Federal Government, some of the conclusions, the lack of cooperation with states, and human development not a threat to the sage grouse, only natural threats. State, Federal, and local have worked on collaborative efforts. Do they take into account other threats? If you could, sir.    Mr. Grijalva. Mr. Arnett, it seems the underlining theme, the efforts, legislative proposals, both at the Federal and state level, would give away the authority to manage U.S. public lands to the states. Do you believe it is sound policy to go in that direction? Do the states have the resources to adequately manage such land, that much land? And how would such a policy set back the topic today, which is the sage grouse and other species, in terms of the future?    Mr. Grijalva. Thank you. And if I may, Mr. Chairman, my experience back home in Tucson, where I was a county commissioner, was the pygmy owl. It was listed as a threatened species. A lot of pressure. Everybody in the community was screaming that the sky was going to fall, and that this pygmy owl was the end of growth, development, and ruining the economy of the county of Pima.    With collaboration with Fish and Wildlife, Forest, and other Federal agencies, a management plan was developed with the county and accepted. The consequence has been that you have managed growth, and detailed managed growth, as to how the county grows. You have two bond elections that have been passed overwhelmingly by the public to continue to pursue and purchase open space to continue to preserve the corridor, the habitat corridor, for the pygmy owl.    I mention that because it was a collaborative effort, but that there was a regulatory guidance and a listing that prompted local government and state government to begin to work in earnest with the Federal Government to come up with an acceptable plan. That was the impetus; and, without an impetus, I don't see this happening. Thank you, and I yield back.    The Chairman. OK. Before I recognize Mr. Tipton and ask Mr. LaMalfa if he will take the chair for a second--let me, because I have to run here, thank all four of you for actually being here and taking the time to testify.    Mr. Grijalva asked for unanimous consent for a statement by a DoD spokesman. Anybody is a DoD spokesman--I even have a military fellow here who could qualify as a DoD spokesman. And I won't put in the slides that the Army, Air Force, and Navy gave us when they told us this is a problem, nor will I put in the record the statement on the Army in which they asked not to have this provision taken out of the NDAA. But that is beside the point, isn't it?    Before I actually--let me thank you for being here one more time. I apologize for leaving you very quickly, but I am late for another engagement. I just appreciate your testimony.    Mr. LaMalfa, you will take over. And, Mr. Tipton, you are recognized for questions.