    Mr. Blake. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Chairman Benishek, Ranking Member Brownley, Members of the Subcommittee, on behalf of Paralyzed Veterans of America, I would like to thank you for the opportunity to testify today.    Let me say up front that we believe that the VA's community care consolidation plan lays out a positive path towards the delivery of timely quality care and improving access for veterans. However, we do believe that there are questions that remain as it relates to the veterans that we serve, veterans with catastrophic disabilities like spinal cord injury and disease.    As eligibility dictates access to health care, so, too, does the capacity of the systems to provide that care. Over the years, the VA health care system has relied upon a number of methods and standards to measure access and timeliness of health care delivery.    We have seen the VA standard evolve from the 14-day wait time to the 30-day wait time. We have seen Congress and the Administration seemingly accept an arbitrary 40-mile, geographic-based access standard. The fact is, there is no evidence to suggest that arbitrary wait time standards are an indicator of quality.    Rather, they are bureaucratic tools to self-assess output performance. They are not a measure of quality care. To suggest otherwise is unfounded. Similarly, geographic-based access standards are not derived from industry best practices for the provision of health care.    The independent assessment on access standards conducted by the Institute of Medicine determined that industry benchmarks for health care access vary widely throughout the private sector. IOM was unable to find national standards for access and wait times similar to the Veterans Choice Program 40-mile and 30-day standards.    PVA, along with our partners in the Independent Budget, DAV and VFW, strongly agree with the IOM's recommendation that decisions involving designing and leading access assessment and reform should be informed by the participation of patients and their families and their providers. We believe that this concept will also best serve the needs of our members and all veterans.    The irony of all this discussion about access standards is PVA members often travel farther than any other population in the specialized population of veterans or even all veterans in general seeking care from the VA. It is not unusual for PVA members to travel more than several hundred miles to reach one of the 25 SCI centers of care in the VA system. They do this because the VA SCI system of care is far and away the best option that they have to meet their specialized health care needs.    The access problems these veterans face are usually not wait times or distance. They are the burden of cost. Ms. Brownley, I would like to thank you for bringing attention to that issue in your opening remarks.    As a result, veterans may wait to be seen until their condition deteriorates requiring more costly and intensive care. This Subcommittee is reviewing the question of eligibility without even considering this important fact.    Congress should expand travel benefits to include non-service-connected, catastrophically-disabled veterans who are already granted a higher priority in the system to ensure that they are able to receive quality specialty care.    PVA believes that the 30-day and 40-mile eligibility standards that determine access under the new VCP do not consider what is best for veterans with catastrophic disabilities to include SCI and D or any other veterans seeking care for that matter.    PVA along with our IAV partners also support the plan to expand emergency care and urgent care in the community. However, we strongly oppose the proposal to charge $100 as a co-payment for emergency care and $50 for urgent care. This proposal seemingly makes no exception for veterans with service-connected disabilities or who are currently exempted from co-payments. These veterans should not be required to bear a cost share as it may disincentivize that veteran or their caregiver from accessing emergency treatment or urgent care defeating the whole purposes of expanding these two opportunities.    As an alternative, VA should also consider establishing a national nurse advice line to help reduce over-reliance on emergency room care. The Defense Health Agency has reported that the TRICARE nurse advice line has helped triage the care for TRICARE beneficiaries.    Those who are uncertain if they are experiencing a medical emergency and would otherwise visit an emergency room call the nurse advice line, and are given clinical recommendations for the type of care they should receive, when and where they should receive it.    This advice line must also include, must include SCI trained providers who are able to identify potential complications specific to an SCI or D veteran.    Mr. Chairman, I would like to thank you again for the opportunity to testify. Be happy to answer any questions that you may have.    Mr. Blake. I think it is fair to say that part of the reason the Institute of Medicine couldn't find examples of 30 days and 40 miles is because that is not how the larger health care system in America works. I think it is based on the idea that I meet with my provider and we determine as a partnership, as it were, what is best for me as a patient, when should I be seen, where would it be most appropriate for me to be seen, what procedure would be most appropriate.    And while I think on some level that exists in VA in some places, the strictures that are in place right now, as Mr. Atizado mentioned, allow it to be maybe more rigidly managed is just not optimal. That is why we have joined with our partners in the IAV to say that the VA should move to a clinically-based access standard.    I don't know if Dr. Yehia would admit it, but, you know, we were involved in a lot of the meetings, and I think they understand that. But they have to figure out how to develop a workable plan within the construct that they have available to them. I think 30 days and 40 miles allows you as the Congress to control based on how much it is going to cost. And if you open up the possibilities with a clinically-based access standard, it is a little more uncertain what the cost might actually be.    Mr. Blake. I would only offer this much. I think there has been a number of studies that have probed at the question about cost differences and no definitive answer has ever been delivered.    I think from the perspective of having done some of the budget work with the Independent Budget, I think the challenge is the VA health care system is not the private health care system. And we have to accept that up front first, so you can't just assume--you can't make it an apples to apples comparison even down to cost because the nature of the system and how it provides its services is not entirely reflective of the private health care system.    So I don't know that we can ever get to a definitive answer and maybe that is the challenge. Maybe we need to set that aside as the question. Unfortunately, that is a key focus that Congress has to be focused on because you decide how much resources the VA is going to have to operate. And I don't envy that position that you set in.    Mr. Blake. Well, I wouldn't say they presume it. I mean, everybody, I think, understands that this program will sunset either on a date certain or when the money runs out. You know, your district is one of those ones that has always sort of befuddled me.    It was sort of tailor made for the old fee-basis standards which had written in regulations geographic inaccessibility. And for the life of me, I never understood what it would take to define it. That is what was attempted with the Choice Program with 40 miles in particular.    Adrian mentioned an interesting point about the networks that TRIWEST and Health Net are trying to build. The challenge is building a demand-appropriate network. Within the construct of the framework that we propose with DAV and VFW is the idea that through the integrated network, which is the right way to deliver care by and large, it needs to be distilled down to the most local level.    Mr. O'Rourke looked at this idea in El Paso. They went out and figured out exactly what the community was capable of, particularly in the area of mental health, to figure out what it would take in a partnership between VA and the community to meet demand.    All that being said, most of our members from the PVA perspective just don't use Choice because the networks do not meet the demand that they have. And at the end of the day, the private sector struggles to meet the unique needs of SCI veterans, blinded veterans, veterans with polytrauma.    So there is a complicated circumstance that exists here where the VA has to meet demand for principally primary care and mental health care which are sort of the big elephants, but you can't forget that there are many veterans who the VA is their only and best option and how that gets right-sized with whatever the new VCP ends up looking like.    Mr. Blake. Well, I would say that the Choice Program is simply not built to meet the specialized health care needs of veterans like SCI and D, substance abuse, polytrauma, and TBI, blinded veterans.    I think that wide spectrum of unique populations of veterans that the VA serves, I don't think the Choice Program is designed to serve because they might be able to go outside the system, only in a perfect world might it work, where full integration with the community so that it is seamless, but that might be a dream.    Mr. Blake. Well, I think there is a reference in my testimony what they have done through TRICARE shows that it is certainly a workable solution. That is not to say that TRICARE is the model of perfection in this case. But I think what we are trying to do is ensure that veterans are making the right decisions when it comes to emergency care and urgent care.    I think we all believe that urgent care is a must. It is something the VA has not really ever done and, unfortunately, I think you have seen in the community in private sector now, a lot of health care is delivered through an urgent care setting. And so it is probably time for the VA to get involved in that because that alleviates the pressure on primary care. In the health care setting in VA, it relieves the pressure potentially on the mental health care which is--    Mr. Blake. And I wasn't suggesting that urgent care is the solution. I mean, what we find now is a lot of veterans go to the emergency room. That would be true in the private sector except now you have urgent care everywhere, so the solution in the community has become everybody goes to urgent care. Veterans don't even have that option so they just overrun the emergency care setting in the VA while the primary care system just sort of lumbers along because it is overwhelmed as well.    Mr. Blake. Mr. Abraham, I want to go back to something you said at the beginning about escalating costs and I am using this to piggyback on comments that Ms. Brownley made at the beginning.    We have been advocating for travel reimbursement for, while it is a non-service-connected population, it is catastrophically-disabled veterans, and usually we get folks who balk at the idea that we recommend that for non-service-connected disabled veterans.    But they are already granted higher priority in the VA system because of the nature of their disabilities and the ability of the VA to meet their demands for health care when the private sector struggles with that challenge.    And one of the reasons we have advocated for the beneficiary travel issue is because what we have seen in our membership is those folks who are non-service-connected will choose not to go to the VA and wait as long as possible because it is costly for somebody with a catastrophic disability to fly long distances, drive long distances, or whatever it may be to go seek that care.    And the long-term cost to the VA when they finally show up, because they will show up and the VA is obligated by priority to care for them, will be substantially higher. So we would hope you would take a look at that as an issue, because it is a unique population that the VA serves because, yes, they are non-service-connected, but they have some of the most profound disabilities that VA serves.    And that is the reason they go to the VA and yet the VA, many times, they are bearing a higher cost burden than they should have to because the veterans are disincentivized to get that care as soon as possible.    Mr. Blake. I don't think you can cherry pick and say, well, we are just going to let this group of veterans with this unique need have this option. That is probably--    Mr. Blake. I think that is why you can't just sort of apply a national fixed standard to it. When I mentioned earlier in my comments as they flesh out the details of an integrated network, you can't just sort of lay a national standard on it and say this is what the network should look like. I think that is probably the challenge that TRIWEST and Health Net are experiencing now.    It has to be distilled down to the lowest level possible. That is the idea I think that Mr. O'Rourke was trying to get at with what he was looking at in El Paso because you have to understand every individual city, every individual town, the rural counties across America, everything is going to be different.    So you can't just say, well, we are going to grant all these folks who maybe have a cardiology need, you know, access and nobody else when some veterans might be perfectly served by the VA and some not in that little cohort alone.    Mr. Blake. Well, Mr. Bilirakis, I would point you to the concluding part of my written statement which suggests that perhaps it is time to consider whether veterans should just be eligible to enroll in the VA health care system.    The vision of the Affordable Care Act which I hasten to mention because that brings up all kinds of political ramifications is to expand access to care for people in general. And we fought when the law was being written for the Affordable Care Act to ensure that VA was deemed credible coverage under that law.    And the law says VA is deemed acceptable coverage under the strictures of the Affordable Care Act and yet there is a large group of people, particularly in the priority group 8 arena who are denied even accessing that. So why would you deny them an option for health care and say, well, you can only go over here under the rules of the Affordable Care Act, but under the rules as set for VA, you can't actually come into the system?    So we think maybe it is worth considering whether there is this fear that if you just sort of open enrollment, sort of if you build it, they will come, that it will flood the VA system, but history has never proven that to be the case. When VA's system was open, veterans didn't flood the system. Even then, fully two thirds of all veterans chose not to enroll in the VA. So I think it is sort of a scaring assumption that, oh, all these veterans would enroll, which would increase utilization. It might, it might not. And I mean it is high risk, but there is a potential high reward from allowing veterans to access the benefits of VA health care.    Mr. Blake. I would answer the question in this way. I would throw out the concept of choice all together for a second. If you had a fully integrated health care network, which is a division, I think that the VA has even though this is billed as just for community care, the way the health care network should work is a fully integrated health care network, and you have the patient-provider relationship within the construct of that network. The veteran goes to their provider, that veteran and that provider, which is the way in the private sector it also works, decide what is best for that veteran. Should I be seen at the VA? Should I be seen in the community? What is available now, what is available later? What services do I need?    So the question of choice is sort of a false question.    Mr. Blake. Army.    Mr. Blake. It should be an informed choice.