    Mr. Awad. Madam Chairperson, Ranking Member Deutch, members of the subcommittee, thank you for this opportunity to be here to talk about security in Egypt. In fact, I have recently returned from a long research trip to that country where we have met with colleagues, top security officials, and went to areas like the Western Desert and Suez Canal area to see the situation there on the ground for ourselves. I am going to provide a threat assessment of the situation in Egypt with some relevant recommendations.    The most important thing to understand is that Egypt is facing what is the deadliest and most lethal, complex insurgency in its modern history. Since the Muslim Brotherhood was ousted from power in July 2013, at least 900 security service members lost their lives to an array of terrorist groups seeking to topple the government. The threat in Egypt comes from three different geographic theaters and three different types of groups.    First, there is northeastern Sinai where Islamic State-affiliated militants wage insurgency against the Egyptian Government and poses severe threat to Egypt and Israel.    The second is in the Nile Valley, the heart of Egypt, where 97 percent of the population lives. There, also Islamic State-affiliated elements, some al-Qaeda elements, although small in number, and other violent Islamist groups suspected to be affiliated with some members inside the Muslim Brotherhood, also seek to topple the government there.    Finally, the Western Desert with the vast border with Libya, the Islamic State is attempting to build a presence there.    Let me focus a little bit on the situation in Sinai. You will find in my written testimony detailed information on the Nile Valley and the Western Desert. The situation in the Sinai continues to be quite challenging. Since the fall of 2014, the local jihadist group called Ansar Bayt al-Maqdis, or the Champions or Supporters of Jerusalem, saw its capabilities increase significantly as it pledged allegiance to the Islamic State. Since then, they were able to launch large-scale defensives on the ground, culminating in a July 1, 2015, attack that attempted to hold parts of the city called Sheikh Zuweid in North Sinai. Only after a 12-hour-plus battle and the intervention of Egyptian F-16s was the jihadist threat neutralized.    Since then, Egyptians launched a massive counteroffensive that has had some successes. It should be noted that the jihadists in North Sinai do not control any population centers. Also, their areas of operation have largely been contained. Despite these successes, they have shifted their tactics and have used more IEDs and focused on terrorist attacks like the downing of the Russian airliner in October 2015. As a result, the first quarter of 2016 is the deadliest 3 months on record for Egyptian troops in North Sinai. The frequency of attacks has also increased, but again, they have not been back to the same quality of capabilities that they had prior to July.    Quickly, on the Nile Valley and the Western Desert, the most important things to understand there is that the situation is comparatively better compared to the Sinai. With that being said, although the government has had great successes in the Nile Valley, cracking down on some of the violent Islamists connected to the Muslim Brotherhood and al-Qaeda, the Islamic state has recently been attempting to bring armed insurgency closer to Cairo. However, these attempts have been thus far checked.    And finally, of course, in the Western Desert smugglers continue to operate, and as pressure increases against the Islamic State in Libya, they are more likely going to look more into the Western Desert to find ways to entrench themselves there.    Finally, let me offer some recommendations. I think for these reasons a continued security relationship with Egypt is of course important for U.S. strategic interests in the region. However, the relationship should reflect the changing nature of the challenges Egypt faces in confronting asymmetric threats from non-state actors and advance U.S. interests. The Obama administration announced that starting in Fiscal Year 2018 the U.S. will channel FMF funds toward procurement in four categories. Counterterrorism, border, maritime, and Sinai security is a good basis for the future of the FMF program. This pathway for updating U.S.-Egypt cooperation is sound and will require close coordination and support between Congress and the administration in order to implement it effectively.    The U.S.-Egypt relationship requires new anchors that go beyond security but also requires updating the security relationship. It should be built on mutual trust, respect, and frankness. The United States should encourage Cairo to implement a comprehensive counterinsurgency strategy in the Sinai that integrates technologies and training with economic development and tribal outreach in order to effectively defeat terrorist elements, all while minimizing collateral damage. Both governments should ensure that defense officials are able to discuss issues related to counterinsurgency frankly and be granted the access necessary to adequately provide training and assistance.    More cooperation is also needed with Egypt's General Intelligence Directorate and to the Ministry of Interior, specifically the State Security. These institutions are key actors in Egypt's fight against terror and thus warrant this further engagement.    Egypt should implement a comprehensive counterterrorism and countering violent extremism strategy that in part cracks down on human rights abuses and improves conditions in prisons to combat radicalization. All assistant should be on the basis of advancing U.S. interests in providing the necessary weapons and training that can help Egypt address its security challenges in ways that align with U.S. interests and values.    Finally, U. S. security cooperation and assistance with Egypt should be conditioned on Egypt's performance in the security field itself instead of political and economic reforms. I look forward to getting into more details in the Q&A. Thank you.    Mr. Awad. So let me discuss the situation in the Sinai. Counterinsurgency really relates to the Sinai. The issue is that the Egyptian Government and the military has articulated different parts of the strategy: Economic development, tribal outreach in an informal way, and beginning to update some of the doctrine and integrating intelligence surveillance and reconnaissance methods and how they are fighting the terrorists.    The problem is, thus far, we don't necessarily see a unified central command that is implementing a counterinsurgency strategy. Different parts, again, are articulated. There is supposed to be a command that is for countering terrorism and economic development of the Sinai. However, it remains to be seen if in fact we will see the Egyptian Government saying that it is going to do counterinsurgency. The problem is some officials don't even like the term insurgency, but that is a whole other set of issues.    When it comes to the Islamic State, as I have written in the West Point Sentinel in multiple articles, the Islamic State looks at Egypt as, most importantly, a base of operations that can be used to launch attacks against Israel. This is the case of the Sinai. Also, it can link the Sinai in the Libyan theater, so being able to have assets in the Western Desert that can secure the smuggling routes. Being able to have access to the Nile Valley that can continue that route from the Western Desert to Sinai is key and vital. Egypt also has a lot of Western interests, tourist targets, so Islamic State looks at it as a place where it can do external operations against Western targets.    Finally, Egypt is an untapped reservoir, from their perspective, of recruits. We look at tiny Tunisia and the thousands of people it exported to that group, whereas in Egypt only a fraction of that number. So the Islamic State is looking to try and recruit as much as possible inside Egypt to feed its different branches but also to increase its operations in Egypt proper.    Mr. Awad. Well, we can't say that there is much impact. However, I can say that definitely people across the region appreciated the rhetoric coming from the President of a major country in the Arab world to speak in such frank terms against Islamic extremism and against many of these extremists.    However, for Egypt to have impact, it will have to lead by example. This is not necessarily something that we have seen. Again, we have seen parts of a strategy articulated when it comes to countering violent extremism or CVE, but the government hasn't completely established a unified strategy that can set an example for less stable countries to follow or aspire to.    Mr. Awad. If I may just to comment on the issue of the MFO in North Sinai----    Mr. Wilson of South Carolina. Yes, please.    Mr. Awad . Our troops are not there to fight ISIS, so the issue of removal is not taking them out of Egypt necessarily but a more secure location in the South Sinai so it won't have necessarily a negative impact on the fight against ISIS. The troops are there to observe the peace treaty between Egypt and Israel, and that is no longer as acute of a problem as it used to be. So it is for our troops' protection. We are not removing our people from Egypt or we are not limiting the pressure that is applied against the Islamic State there.    For the most part I think there is room for improvement when it comes to how our military assistance is lining up with Egyptian priorities and how that is advancing our point of view toward counterinsurgency in a place like Sinai. When it comes to the use of Apaches, F-16s, they have been effective, as I have noted, as the situation escalated in the Sinai. It is not so much an issue of the major weapons systems that we provide them but how best to provide them ISR-related technologies, drones, and things along those lines, but at the same time ensuring that they will be used in an effective strategy.    So we have made some gains. It is doing some work, but there is a lot that can be done with the type of weapons that we give them. But at the end of the day there needs to be an effective counterinsurgency strategy, an articulated strategy that we can actually latch onto and provide the necessary equipment for.    Mr. Wilson of South Carolina. Thank you very much. And, Ambassador Green, how could you explain, sadly, the relatively low voter turnout in Egypt selections? What can the United States do to encourage greater participation in the political process?    Ambassador Green. Well, obviously, the most important things that can be done are by the Egyptian Government itself. It is creating meaningful opportunities. Where outcomes are predetermined or preordained, people see less reason to participate, and so genuine choices, genuinely citizen-centered choices at the ballot box are the long-term answer.    We recognize in a challenging security situation there may be intermediate steps and there may be a path to be followed, but clearly, there has to be some hope for Egypt's young people that they will get back to the traditions that they have had of civil society being vibrant and citizen-centered government being the norm.    Mr. Wilson of South Carolina. And again, I have seen it firsthand with IRI and NDI. Again, it is fun when you visit these countries and you can't tell who is R and who is D, which is amazing. But working together and by encouraging youth groups, different civic groups to participate, it is very positive, and I wish you continued success.    And I yield back to the chairperson.    Mr. Awad. On that narrow question of reliability, to rely on a member of the Egyptian military over a member of the Muslim Brotherhood to combat terrorists, the short answer is yes. There was a question asked earlier about whether or not the Muslim Brotherhood is compatible with democracy. That question can be debated, but I believe they are wholly incompatible with liberal democracy. I am not really sure that this is a question that is necessarily up for debate, the Egyptian Muslim Brotherhood, that is.    On the question of whether or not they are a foreign terrorist organization, I don't necessarily see evidence that the entire organization is a terrorist organization. That does not make them pacifists. They have problematic views. They have proven themselves to be----    Mr. Awad. They do support groups like Hamas. However, we are talking about material or financial support. The extent of that has to be investigated to be able to make a designation that every member of----    Mr. Awad . The Muslim Brotherhood is a terrorist.    Mr. Awad. That is true. And let me clarify. There is increasing evidence that one faction inside the Muslim Brotherhood has engaged in violence since January 2014 at least. Some of their members have engaged and do engage in violence. The question here is not, again, whether the Muslim Brotherhood is a pacifist organization or a problematic one. It is. It is incompatible with liberal democracy, and its views are regressive.    But for the United States in designating a foreign terrorist organization, if we want to take a step like that, perhaps we should take a look at the specific individuals or the specific faction that is actively engaging in these things because there are many members of the Muslim Brotherhood who may hold regressive views like members of white supremacist groups here in the United States that we wouldn't necessarily designate as terrorists. But again, the lack of designating as terrorists does not mean that the organization is a good organization or compatible with liberal democracy.