    Mr. Hultgren. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And thank all of you for being here.    I am going to address my first question to Chairwoman Matz, if that is all right. You said earlier that designation of insurers was not about life insurance activities; it was about financial activities. My understanding was at the time of the designation, which again, my records show to be June 30, 2013, the reference date for much of FSOC's analysis, 98 percent of MetLife's consolidated assets, 96 percent of its liabilities and 95 percent of its revenues were in these highly regulated insurance subsidiaries.    So I just wanted to make sure I understand the basis for your decision. Are you saying that FSOC analyzed only 2 percent of MetLife's consolidated assets and only 4 percent of its liabilities and 5 percent of its revenues? These activities are outside of regulated insurance entities at the company, I believe, and found that those assets alone to be systemically important and a threat to the financial system? Is that your testimony?    Mr. Hultgren. I am going to stick with Chairwoman Matz on this, then open it up to others as well.    As all of you should know, insurance companies are extensively supervised by States. Despite the existing regulation, FSOC has designated three insurers as systemically important. Chairwoman Matz, could you provide an overview of how and why you determined the State insurance regulation, and in particular, State guarantee system for failed insurers, is ineffective?    Mr. Hultgren. With making that determination of what you should pull away from the States--again, clearly legislatively, authority--most authority of regulation for insurance companies is with the States.    I would argue both for protection of policyholders, but also--protection of policyholder would, by definition, State--you know, financial stability of that company. Those would be directly related. Those aren't separate issues.    So what specific information analysis did you, as a voting member of FSOC, rely on to reach the determination that should be separated out, that States were unable to handle this?    Mr. Hultgren. As you are making this decision, was there an independent analysis done by your agency?    Mr. Hultgren. Again, the standing, I guess, of these insurance companies, their ability, if there was a threat nationally to financial markets or--I would say also to policyholders, was there an independent analysis done by your agency to make the determination, again, that the States weren't capable of doing this, that this was something that you all needed to do?    Mr. Hultgren. Let me switch in my last minute here--a little-discussed provision of the Dodd-Frank Act, Section 170, directs the Fed, on behalf of and in consultation with FSOC, to issue regulations setting forth criteria for exempting certain classes or categories of non-bank financial companies from heightened Fed supervision.    However, to date, no such regulations have been issued. This requirement represents a tool Congress created to delineate between those entities that pose systemic risks and those that do not, and provide clear criteria for institutions on how to conduct their business and structure their operations in such a way as to be non-systemic.    Chair White, in the last few seconds I have, why has this provision never been used?    Mr. Hultgren. I guess, in my last seconds, just a show of hands, following on my friend from Texas, who among you has advocated for a class of financial company to be exempted from heightened supervision? If you could raise your hand, if you have advocated for a class of financial company to be exempted from heightened supervision?    For the record, nobody raised their hand. My time has expired. I yield back, Mr. Chairman.