    Mr. Zarrilli. Good morning, Chair Donovan and Ranking Member Payne. My name is Daniel Zarrilli. I am the senior director for climate policy and programs at the New York City Mayor's Office. I would like to congratulate Chairman Donovan on his appointment as Chair of this committee, and on behalf of Mayor Bill de Blasio I want to thank the Members for this opportunity to speak about our efforts to build a more prepared and more resilient city.    Nearly 4 years ago Hurricane Sandy hit New York City with unprecedented force, tragically killing 44 New Yorkers and causing over $19 billion in damages and lost economic activity in the city. Here on Staten Island we saw some of the worst of Sandy. In the Staten Island University Hospital, where we are having this discussion today, it was nearly inundated, which is why we were proud to support the hospital with $28 million for a resiliency program, and why we are working with so many partners on critical resiliency investments on Staten Island and across the city.    Today I plan to briefly describe the city's resiliency program and how we are investing to ensure that our city will be ready to withstand and is much stronger from the impacts of climate change and other 21st Century threats. I also plan to offer suggestions for how Congress and our Federal partners can continue to support cities like New York with disaster recovery and preparing for the inevitable impacts that climate change will bring.    In the aftermath of Sandy, we put forth a comprehensive plan to rebuild the neighborhoods hardest hit by Sandy and to also prepare our city for the impacts of climate change. That plan, ``A Stronger, More Resilient New York,'' launched our over $20 billion resiliency program, improving our coastline, upgrading our buildings, rebuilding homes, improving our infrastructure, and generally improving our neighborhoods across the city.    In April 2015, Mayor de Blasio expanded and accelerated that work through OneNYC program. With OneNYC, we are putting in place a multi-layered resiliency plan, making our city safer, and we are holding ourselves accountable for these results by publishing an annual progress report of that work, the last of which was published in April 2016.    In so many ways, Federal support has been critical to these efforts. We have been blessed with the necessary funding, we have seen innovation, and we have witnessed challenges along the way. In the spirit of constructive feedback, I would like to offer several recommendations for how Congress and our Federal partners can better support cities as we continue to recover from Sandy and prepare for the future.    First, in response to Hurricane Sandy, the city and FEMA developed a hotel sheltering program and our Rapid Repairs Program, two innovative sheltering solutions tailored to an urban environment where traditional approaches like trailers are unworkable. Between November 2012 and September 2013, the hotel program provided emergency shelter in city hotels to over 1,300 displaced households. Rapid Repairs restored basic services to over 20,000 flooded homes and helping those households avoid long-term displacement. Both programs could be a model for responding to displacement in the future.    Second, Congress authorized an innovative FEMA public assistance pilot program called Section 428. To date, the city has been the single biggest user of this program, with nearly $5.9 billion worth of infrastructure investments underway. This more flexible and accountable program should be made a permanent feature of the Federal Government's disaster response and resiliency toolkit.    Third, FEMA's National Flood Insurance Program requires fundamental reform. Congress should act to expand mitigation options and funding, including increasing pre-disaster mitigation funding and offering partial credit on insurance premiums for partial mitigation measures; and No. 2, to ensure the affordability of flood insurance for those most in need of its coverage.    Fourth, the city is working toward a successful resolution to its appeal of FEMA's 2015 flood insurance rate maps, which we have demonstrated overstate the size of the city's 100-year flood plain due to inaccuracies in FEMA's underlying analysis. We urge FEMA to resolve the appeal and adopt accurate flood maps for the city.    Fifth, FEMA's Hazard Mitigation Grant Program has been a mechanism for the city to fund long-term and cost-effective resiliency projects, but to ensure that funds go where they are needed most, FEMA should consider issuing guidance to States to direct a fair share of HMGP dollars to local jurisdictions most affected by disaster.    Sixth, climate change is proving we need to improve Federal coordination to expedite implementation of key projects. For example, as you noted, although $32 million in USDA funds have been secured for bluebelts here on Staten Island, it is stalling because USDA and Army Corps can't agree on conservation easements. Benefit/cost ratios could be rationalized across agencies since each agency has its own methodology. These methodologies should be amended to support faster recovery and improved so as not to disadvantage low-income communities when comparing mitigation projects. Similarly, Congress should also urge Federal agencies to coordinate environmental reviews when multiple agencies contribute funding to a single project.    Finally, as we all know, fuel shortages plagued the city for weeks after Hurricane Sandy, and the lack of information sharing regarding the fuel supply made decision making difficult. Congress should urge the Department of Energy to establish data-sharing requirements for the industry to report critical facility-specific information.    To conclude, as our understanding of the impacts of climate change continues to improve, we are improving now to reduce risk and prepare for the future. This requires even greater partnership with Congress and the Federal Government to support local climate adaptation. We thank our Federal partners here today for their tireless work to support recovery and resiliency in New York City and urge them to continue to help us maintain our momentum as we build a more resilient city.    I would like to thank Chairman Donovan and Ranking Member Payne for their leadership as we work together to confront the challenges that climate change will bring to our Nation. Thank you very much.    Mr. Zarrilli. Well, I think one thing that I was talking about the challenges, that those dollars that come, the CDBG dollars that come without the payback provisions were not authorized until 3 months after the storm. So the timing, I think, was the challenge, that people were out telling residents here are the different sources available to you. The other sources were not yet known, and so there was an information disconnect on how those programs could work together ultimately.    So I think in an ideal world we would know what the full Federal response would be at that moment and we could advise accordingly.