    Mr. Weimer. Thank you. Good afternoon, Chairman Whitfield, Ranking Member Rush, and members of the committee. Thank you for inviting me to speak today on the important subject of pipeline safety.    The Pipeline Safety Trust came into being after a pipeline disaster that occurred nearly 17 years ago. At that time, we were asked by the federal courts to create a watchdog organization over both the industry and the regulators. We have been trying to fulfill that vision ever since, but the increase in the number of significant incidents over the past decade driven primarily by releases from liquid pipelines from causes well within pipeline operators' control, makes us sometimes question whether our message is being heard.    Today, I would like to dedicate my testimony to the memory of Peter Hayes who I met shortly after a Chevron pipeline dumped oil into Red Butte Creek in Salt Lake City. Mr. Hayes, a school teacher, was raising his family in a home that set on the banks of Red Butte Creek and he was extremely concerned about the possible long term health effects to the people in that area who were not evacuated immediately and experienced many different health symptoms associated with exposure to crude oil. He pushed hard for better emergency response and for someone to follow up with a study to determine whether people so exposed would experience any long term health problems. No one ever did such a study and in a tragic twist of fate, Mr. Hayes came down with a rare lung disease that may, in part, be caused by such exposure to environmental pollutants. He died last year.    The need for studies on the health effects of exposure to oil spills has long been a void in our national pipeline safety system and was recently again called for by a National Academy of Sciences panel. Often in these hearings the focus is on how PHMSA has failed to implement various mandates and moved too slowly on regulatory initiatives. While we agree that those things are all important and fair game at such hearings, today we would like to focus our testimony on how the pipeline safety system that Congress has created also has much to do with PHMSA's inability to get things done.    PHMSA can only implement rules that Congress authorizes them to enact and there are many things in the statutes that could be changed to remove unnecessary barriers to more effective and efficient pipeline safety. The pipeline safety statutes are the responsibility of Congress and today we will speak to issues where Congress needs to act if there is a real desire to improve pipeline safety    Some of the things that Congress could change fairly easily would be to provide PHMSA with emergency order authority like other transportation agencies have. This would allow PHMSA to quickly correct dangerous industry-wide problems such as a lack of minimum rules for underground gas storage or the lack of valid verification of maximum allowable operating pressures. At the same time, by eliminating the unique and duplicative cost benefit requirement in the program statute, normal rulemakings could proceed at more than the current glacial speed.    Congress also needs to harmonize the criminal penalty section of PHMSA's statutes so in the rare case when pipeline companies willfully or recklessly cause harm to people or the environment, they can be prosecuted as is necessary. And Congress should also add a strong mandamus clause as suggested in this committee's working draft bill to allow the federal courts to force PHMSA to fulfill their duties when it is the agency that is dragging its feet.    As I mentioned earlier, the National Academy of Sciences recently completed a congressionally-mandated study that showed there were a number of serious issues with the way that PHMSA oversees spill response planning and the contents of those plans. We hope you will rapidly move to ensure that PHMSA is reviewing these plans not only for completeness, but also for efficacy as other agencies do and require companies to provide clear information so first responders know what they are up against.    We also ask that you honor the memory of Peter Hayes and request an additional study by the National Academy of Sciences to help alleviate the lack of information about how to better protect people from the short and long term health effects of when pipelines fail.    Finally, we have a few concerns with the language included in various reauthorization bills and hope you can address these concerns in your own bill. In particular, we think the wording in the statutory preference section of your draft bill may slow needed rules. We also think the language regarding underground gas storage needs to be clarified to ensure an open rulemaking process happens as soon as possible and that whatever is passed allows states to set stricter standards for facilities within their borders.    And finally, we think the language in the Senate bill regarding small LNG facilities pushes PHMSA too much to rely on industry-developed standards and hard to enforce risk based systems.    I see my time is about up, so I thank you for this opportunity to testify today and I would be glad to answer any questions now or in the future.    Mr. Rush. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Mr. Weimer, in your testimony you state that reauthorization should include directing PHMSA to conduct a study with the National Academy of Sciences to better understand the potential long term health benefits from pipeline failures and provide recommendations for threshold levels in order to better inform the evacuation decisions and the equipment necessary to measure such thresholds as part of the spill response plan.    How did you come to this conclusion and why do you think this issue is so important that Congress should address it in the upcoming reauthorization bill?    Mr. Weimer. Yes, thank you for the question. We came to that conclusion from a number of sources. The recent National Academy of Sciences study mentioned the need for greater studies on both human and environmental impacts of crude oil spills. But we have seen it over and over again after incidents that have happened in the last few years. The first one that I became aware of was the one I mentioned in my testimony in Salt Lake City. A number of people and their children got quite ill after a spill when they weren't evacuated. There was general confusion at that spill of who was in charge, whether it was the local health department, whether they had equipment to measure the vapors and what people were breathing and when evacuation should occur. We saw similar things in Michigan after the big spill into the Kalamazoo River. And then in Mayflower, Arkansas when crude oil ran through a neighborhood there, we saw the types of illnesses.    Each state seems to have different thresholds for when they might evacuate people. There seems to be confusion who is in charge in those on-going incidents of those spills and those same health effects. Regardless of the type of crude oil has led us to the desire, along with the National Academy of Sciences that such a study be done to clarify what equipment needs to be on scene, how quickly and what those thresholds should be measured at.    Mr. Rush. That is pretty alarming, and it seems as though we are--that is a real nightmare of a thought that you have a pipeline rupture and not have any idea about its effect on your family's health. That is pretty alarming.    Are communities around this nation, are they generally well informed and educated about pipeline projects and the number of pipelines and the capacity of things and what really is being transmitted through those pipelines? Are they aware about the benefits of these pipelines and potential costs of these pipelines and if they are not, then what are some of the tools that we can use to help spread awareness among the American people regarding these pipelines?    Mr. Weimer. Yes, thank you again for that question. I think communities are becoming more aware. Unfortunately, the communities that seem to pay attention are the ones where there has been an incident, so it is after the fact.    PHMSA has done a very good job, actually, putting a lot of information available on their Web site in trying to push out information, but it still hasn't sunk in. A lot of it falls on the industry. There is a lot of emphasis from the industry to work with the local communities to make sure emergency response and emergency plans are in place. But we need the communities to pay attention to that.    There is a lot of lack of information. I am an elected official in the country where I am from and I have been on the Emergency Planning Committee. When I ask these questions about do we have MSDS sheets like the National Academy of Sciences asked for or do we have monitoring equipment that will be put in place quickly if there is an incident, most of the emergency planners in my community and other places we have checked with just don't have that information. So there need to be more proactive efforts by all of us involved to make sure local governments are paying attention.    Mr. Weimer. It is funny that you ask that question because Mr. Black and I were joking about that because we are both on a committee with PHMSA working on indicators and there is a number of different reporting requirements depending--there are serious incidents. That is when somebody gets killed or hospitalized. Those number of incidents have actually been declining so that is a good trend. There are significant incidents. That is when you do $50,000 worth of damage, property damage, you kill or injure somebody or you spill a certain amount. I think it is like 50 barrels for liquid pipeline.    Mr. Weimer. Fifty barrels, a couple thousand gallons. That would be considered a significant incident or if there is an explosion or fire.    Mr. Weimer. And then there are reportable incidents and I think that is as low as five barrels or maybe even five gallons for hazardous liquid pipeline.    Mr. Weimer. All right, thank you for that. Yes, we saw that after the California, the San Bruno incident you mentioned. I think the City of San Francisco and others----    Mr. Weimer. Yes. Were pretty aghast at the way that the California Public Utility Commission had overseen the law over the past few years. There is still, I think, even criminal investigations going because the connections between the California Public Utility Commission and the industry out there. And that led San Francisco to file that.    We are agnostic on the arguments that San Francisco made, but when we saw the federal court step in and try to throw out the idea that the citizens or local governments could go to court to try to force PHMSA to do what their jobs requires them to do that is when we thought it was important.    Mr. Weimer. I think Congress has given them a huge budget increase that allowed them to add over a hundred new inspectors. That was good. And they are also working on some program enhancements. So I think time will tell over the next couple of years whether they can fill those slots and whether that is an adequate number.    Mr. Weimer. Sure. I think it was back in the '90s. It might have been the 1996 Act. Congress put in a cost benefit requirement in the pipeline statute. As far as we can determine, this is the only administration that has kind of this double cost benefit, both in the statute and also then when the rules go to OMB. Talking with a number of people that do those things, they really think that can kind of slow down the process and as everybody on this committee has mentioned you know, PHMSA has been kind of slow to meet some of these. So since all of the rules that go to OMB have to go through a cost benefit, this double cost benefit analysis early on and then when it goes to OMB may be slowing down rules unnecessarily.    Mr. Weimer. You would probably have to ask them.    Mr. Weimer. Yes. Thank you for the question. I think you hit the point right on the nose, that there is a number of issues that come up that are found because of an incident on a specific pipeline. And PHMSA has the authority to order that specific pipeline to change their ways, but currently they don't have the authority to change, order the whole industry, nationwide, to change things. Whether it is pipeline that wasn't made to specs, that I think you were mentioning that came to light a few years ago, the fittings that Ms. Dominguez mentioned or other serious things that become obvious that it is a nationwide problem, at this point they have to go through a rulemaking that can take years as we have seen. They do have the ability to put out advisory bulletins like Mr. Black mentioned, but the industry is a broad spectrum of different people and while we think most of the industry pays attention to the advisory bulletins, there may be some within the industry that don't.    Mr. Weimer. Well, I think specific to the statute, there are two things that are precluded from use of the money. One is lobbying. You are not allowed to use any of the TAG grant money for lobbying and you are not allowed to use it for any type of lawsuit against a pipeline company.    Mr. Weimer. Correct.    Mr. Weimer. Well, there has been over 160 TAG grants that have been let out over the course of the program. I am certainly not knowledgeable of all of those, but I don't know of any specific grants that have gone toward lobbying or lawsuits. Most of them have been used by local governments, local communities, looking at improving safety through GIS works, emergency response, looking at specific issues and not for lobbying or lawsuits.    Mr. Weimer. Yes, absolutely. And we certainly have seen evidence of that. We were involved with a TAG grant from a group that got a TAG grant in California this past year and they had a concern about a hazardous liquid pipeline that ran through their community. Once we looked at the incidents from that pipeline and went and met with that community, we kind of assured them that that pipeline wasn't as big a deal as perhaps working with the local governments in that community to ensure that they are dealing with emergency response correctly. Their concerns for that particular pipeline were kind of overblown once we shared the correct information with them.    Mr. Weimer. Yes, thank you for the question. And there was a graph in my written testimony.    Mr. Weimer. That showed that the significant incidents on liquid pipelines has been increasing. It is again one of those measurement things about what are the things that make up incidents, but there certainly has been a rash of big incidents like the one that happened in your own district, the Marshall, Michigan spill; the one in Mayflower, Arkansas that kind of brought this to a head.    The major causes, when you look at the PHMSA data are things within pipeline operators' control, things like use and operation of the pipeline, corrosion and bad equipment.    Mr. Weimer. Yes, clearly, if PHMSA had emergency order authority it could help in situations where they learn something. Like the pipeline that failed in your own district, there is evidence coming out now and it is not for sure yet, that because that was an insulated pipeline that may have affected that pipeline differently.    Mr. Weimer. If it turns out that is the truth, an emergency order would allow PHMSA to correct that problem nationally.    Mr. Weimer. Sure. There is a number of things. The National Academy of Sciences pointed out that PHMSA mainly looks at these response plans for completeness, not for effectiveness.    Mr. Weimer. They need to change that. They need to ensure more testing.    Mr. Weimer. Sure. The language currently in the pipeline safety statute is different than what it is on the hazmat side for PHMSA where they include recklessness as one of the things that can be prosecuted. We think it should be harmonized with what they have on the hazmat side and with what a lot of other safety agencies also have.