    Mrs. Davis. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and good to have you with us, Madam Secretary. I wanted to really go to one of the areas where as you said we are trying to create a smarter system.    In that regard, I think there has been some early success of the diabetes prevention program. We have seen evidence that really is common sense, I think, that if you speak to the need for providing better nutrition, exercise training, that you are going to see a reduce on the onset of diabetes. We have seen that particularly in seniors.    I just wanted to mention that there is bipartisan legislation to expand the diabetes prevention program to Medicare. There have been numerous pilots to demonstrate that really can have a demonstrable effect on saving lives, as well as cutting costs.    I am hoping that you can take a look at that as well, how can we work to expand that. I would love to see all my colleagues come together on that legislation, but there may be some other tools that we have as well. I hope you will take a look at that.    I want to shift quickly to early childhood, because that is an area that you are going to be working heavily in as we go forward, and certainly reflected in the legislation, the transition is in 2017.    I know that within that legislation, there is a call to expand the length of the school day among other requirements. I am wondering what you are doing, what the staff is looking at now, how are we going to move forward with that while at the same time being certain we are keeping the quality the same or at least better, maintaining quality, and certainly finding ways that we hit the bar of lengthening but we are not losing some of the other ingredients that make up such a successful program.    Mrs. Davis. I appreciate that. I know that what we do not want to see is enrollment have to drop as a result of that. That is a big concern.    The other one is regarding homeless children. In San Diego, we certainly have a number of children who come in and out of the school year. As you are working on the rulemaking, how can we provide for spaces for children who may be in and out of the program and be sure we guarantee they have a spot when in fact they are present and they need to be part of that program?    Mrs. Davis. Yes, thank you so much. I know in terms of stability of young children's lives, it is key they are in a program and they can count on that when their families are moving and not stable. That is so important to them.    Very quickly, just on one other issue. In the Administration for Children and Families, the plan is to provide about $9.5 million in demonstration grants to help prevent youth sex trafficking. I am wondering if you could just speak briefly to how you expect different States to utilize these funds.    Mrs. Davis. Thank you.