    Mr. Lynch. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And I want to thank the members of the panel.    I would like to talk about H.R. 4852, the Private Placement Improvement Act, so-called.    Mr. Beatty, the Form D--is that required right--is there a penalty for not filing a Form D?    Mr. Lynch. So any talk that we have heard on the panel today about the problem of filing this and the encumbrance on companies--they don't have to file this and there is no penalty if they don't file it, right?    Mr. Lynch. Right. However, I do know from talking to some of the State Secretaries of State and Attorneys General that this exemption under Rule 506 is the--and I will quote here--it is reported as the most frequently reported fraudulent product or scheme involved in enforcement actions by State securities regulators.    Mr. Lynch. Popular meaning what? The most frequent--    Mr. Lynch. --fraudulent product.    Mr. Lynch. Second-most. Okay.    Mr. Lynch. All right.    Form D is just four pages. It is not a whole lot of--    Mr. Lynch. There are four pages of instructions.    Mr. Lynch. Okay. Maybe I don't have it all then. Still, it's fairly brief and not very complicated, from what I can see.    As far as enforcement of Rule 506 and the exemptions, what is the wisdom of preempting States to protect small investors? I don't get that.    I do think that, as Mr. Keating says, he has a job to do, but I think that protecting investors from fraud is also part of the job, as well.    And, Mr. Laws, this is great, this new idea, crowdfunding. It is very exciting. But if we get into a situation where it is seen as an area that is rife with fraud and people are being taken, I think we might have a big disincentive of people getting involved, smaller investors especially, who are not sophisticated.    Mr. Beatty, what about taking the State regulator off the street here and preempting them from conducting enforcement actions?    Mr. Lynch. All right.    Mr. Lynch. I only have 38 seconds left, so the bill that is being offered today by Mr. McHenry would only require filing after. There would be no prefiling submission, so that investors wouldn't be able to look at this until after the offering was made. Is that right?    Mr. Lynch. Wow. Okay.    My time has expired. I yield back. Thank you.