    Mr.  Matheson. Thanks, and I'll, Mr. Chairman, just note initially that Mr. Cabrera is credible, despite the fact that he has far too much hair for this panel.    Mr. Chairman Whitfield, Ranking Member Rush, members of the committee, I am Alan Matheson, the executive director of the Utah Department of Environmental Quality.    Improved air quality is a high priority for Utah. Under the direction of Governor Gary Herbert, we have taken aggressive action to clean our air--imposing stringent new control requirements, expanding public transportation, implementing travel-reduction strategies and a public education campaign and conducting research to understand Utah's unique atmospheric chemistry. The results have been meaningful.    In the appropriate pursuit of cleaner air, we need to ensure that our regulatory system is rationally aligned with that goal. Today, I share Utah's concerns with the periodic review cycle of the National Ambient Air Quality Standards--or NAAQS--the implementation schedule for the ozone standard, and the challenges our State has in meeting the new 70 parts per billion threshold.    In general, extending the 5-year NAAQS review cycle so that it better aligns with the prescribed NAAQS implementation time lines is appropriate. An area designated as moderate nonattainment for ozone has 8 years from the date the NAAQS is set to achieve attainment.    At the very least, there should be 8 years between NAAQS reviews to accommodate this compliance schedule. Extending the review cycle to 10 years would more closely align it with the prescribed planning period of an area designated as serious nonattainment for ozone.    Further, EPA has been unable to provide States with timely and necessary implementation guidance under the current 5-year NAAQS review cycle. The implementation rule for the 2008 ozone NAAQS was published in March 2015, only seven months before the ozone standard was lowered to 70 parts per billion in October.    As another example, new PM 2.5 nonattainment areas were designated in 2009. State implementation plans for those areas were due to EPA December 2014, but EPA has yet to promulgate the guidance establishing what is required in those plans.    EPA cannot even review for completeness the plans that they have received. Extending the time line for implementing the 2015 ozone NAAQS will allow better coordination among States, tribes, and the Federal Government.    One of the areas in Utah experiencing difficult challenges with ozone and expected to be classified as nonattainment is the energy-rich Uinta Basin. The unique chemistry underlying winter ozone formation differs from the typical summer urban chemistry anticipated by the Clean Air Act of 1990.    In addition, this region has a complex mix of State, tribal, and EPA air jurisdictions. Utah has coordinated a significant multi-agency study into the causes of winter ozone and is working with EPA and the Ute Tribe in developing State, tribal, and Federal implementation plans for the area.    These efforts take an extraordinary amount of time and an extension of the implementation period is needed. Under the Clean Air Act, another review of the ozone NAAQs will occur in 2020. If EPA sets a new standard then, it will hamper the coordination efforts that are already underway.    Background ozone levels present an additional challenge in meeting the new 70 part per billion standard. International transport can, at times, account for up to 85 percent of the 8-hour ambient ozone concentration in some Western States. Many areas in the West have little chance of identifying sufficient controls to achieve attainment, leading to severe consequences.    Utah recommends that EPA work with States to determine what portion of ozone pollution and its chemical precursors is coming from background ozone and to clarify how exceptional events and international transport will affect attainment designations and compliance.    Making the right choices to improve air quality in ozone nonattainment areas will depend on how well we understand the science, and our understanding of science needs to improve. The tools available to States to account for nonanthropogenic ozone are administratively burdensome and subject to second guessing, often due to a lack of reliable supporting data.    Effort spent analyzing uncontrollable pollution to satisfy EPA's administrative requirements is simply administrative overhead that does nothing to improve air quality or people's health.    The Department of Environmental Quality's mission is to safeguard public health and the environment and our quality of life by protecting and enhancing the environment, and it is a mission that we take seriously.    We must address the public health impacts of ozone with reasoned approaches. As we move forward with this more stringent ozone standard, EPA needs to have in place the necessary tools to allow States to succeed.    Thank you very much.    Mr. Matheson. It is a significant challenge, and I know the Western States Air Resources Council, which is the 15 States in the West and their air directors, have been looking at this issue and they found that there has been some recent research suggesting that there are 12 counties in six States in the inter-mountain West where the design values exceed the 70 parts per billion but the human in-State contribution to that pollution is 10 percent or less.    Mr. Matheson. And I will give you another example in Utah. San Juan County, where Canyonland National Park is far away from any urban areas, it's about the size of New Jersey, has a population under 16,000. The industrial emissions for NOx are 400 tons a year total. For VOC it is 100 tons a year total.    So if you look at the standards that are applied based on ozone formation typically in the East and in urban areas, the requirements are looking at fuel reformulation, looking at emission testing for cars, control requirements on business, traffic controls, et cetera. Those provisions don't apply and don't work in a county like San Joaquin County that does at times exceed the 70 parts per billion.    Now, we are committed to clean air and we are looking at every option available. But at times those options just aren't available. We have seen many situations in the southwestern part of the State where we measure the air mass coming into the State, and it is above the standard.    It goes through the metropolitan area of St. George and measured on the other side. The ozone is just the same. And in fact, if you measure at night, ozone goes down because of NOx scavenging.    It's a--you have a chemical reaction that takes some of the ozone out of the air. So, again, we are finding it hard to justify how in the East you reduce NOx and VOCs and ozone has gone down. In many parts of the West, we have dramatically reduced NOx and VOCs and over the last 20 years ozone has stayed relatively constant.    Mr. Matheson. Thank you. We share some of those concerns and I think we've been talking generally about two different issues.    One is the standard itself and its health impacts. The other is how you implement that, and the implementation does have an impact on our air quality.    When we've got limited resources and are spending that time on paper exercises rather than on working on getting the information, the science, the data to ensure that in the unique chemistry that we see sometimes we are actually targeting those emissions that make the biggest difference, not just those that are imposed on it.    Mr. Matheson. It does, and we've been able to measure that and see that in several counties we've seen pollution come in that's very close to the standard or above.