    Mr. Bera. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and I thank the Ranking Member.    You know, when I think about weather forecasting, thinking about this with my district, state, and much of the American West in mind because we're going through a devastating drought right now, and it's the fourth year of historic and unprecedented drought. When I think about my district, you know, Folsom Lake, which supplies drinking water for, you know, close to half a million people in my region, it's a historic low right now. So just having the predictability of weather is going to be incredibly important because again, in California and in Sacramento, we have this dual risk. We have years where we have incredibly high flood risk and then obviously now we're living through this drought. So better forecasting allows us to better manage a precious asset: water.    And you know, that's why I share the concern of my colleagues here. If there is a gap in that ability, that does put us at risk, it puts the Nation at risk and, you know, it really does make it difficult to manage.    I'm going to shift a little bit. If in fact there is a gap, we know there's commercial weather satellites out there that are providing commercial data. Is that true, Dr. Volz?    Mr. Bera. So there's no commercial backup that would be available.    NOAA's data that comes from GOES and the other satellites, that's publicly available to anyone who wants it, or is that still----    Mr. Bera. So it's a public asset?    Mr. Bera. That's available to anyone around the world?    Mr. Bera. And you'd consider that really would be a critical public asset for the common good?    Mr. Bera. If we think about commercialization then, and this data--so if we were to shift from, you know, a public expenditure for the common good to more commercialization of this data, is there a risk that, k, that's no longer available, you folks have to pay, subscribe et cetera? Is that going to----    Mr. Bera. But again, from my perspective, there is some concern that if we're taking the taxpayer assets and then, you know, contracting that out to commercial vendors to replace some of the work that NOAA's doing, you, over time, can lose the ability of this public good, this common good data set, and I don't know if that's a concern that, you know, folks at NOAA have.    Mr. Bera. And knowing that, you know, when we look at space exploration, you know, there's, you know, what is ongoing both at NASA and, you know, what we're talking about here in NOAA, this public-private partnership that is emerging, if you're kind of forecasting where weather forecasting--a little oxymoron there. But if we're predicting where weather forecasting is going, where do you see this commercial public-private partnership in the near future?    Mr. Bera. Great. Thank you.    I'll yield back.