    Mr. Harper. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thanks to each of you for being here. This is an issue that is very important.    Obviously, we made--sometimes in the public when you hear low-level you let your guard down and don't realize that these are issues that are--have to be addressed and certainly we expect to figure out a way to cooperate and work together to achieve those goals, both with DOE and with the NRC.    And first, for you, Mr. Weber, if I could, the NRC, I know, is evaluating changes to its regulations affecting LLW disposal including Part 61 regulations--how low-level waste is classified and greater-than-Class C disposal pathways.    There appear to be areas of overlap and a precedence among these various initiatives.    Has the NRC conducted a high-level analysis to determine whether there should be more--a more comprehensive rule making or at least greater coordination of seemingly disparate activities? If not, why not?    Mr. Harper. OK. And in March of 2015 the proposed rule was released for public comment. What type of responses have you been getting?    Mr. Harper. And that public comment period is still ongoing?    Mr. Harper. OK. Great. Thank you.    Mr. Whitney, the Federal Government is responsible for the permanent disposal of greater-than-Class C waste which the NRC determines is not suitable for a near surface disposable facility.    In addition to commercially generated GTCC, the Department of Energy has an inventory of GTCC waste, which must be stored until Congress approves the disposal facility.    So, Mr. Whitney, what is the current inventory of GTCC waste owned by the Department of Energy?    Mr. Harper. Got it. Congress directed DOE to recommend a disposal pathway for GTC or, I guess, GTCC-like waste in 2005. When do you expect DOE will provide the final report to Congress and what are the costs and risks of delay?    Mr. Harper. So when you say next quarter, you don't mean the quarter that we are in--you mean the first quarter of 2016?    Mr. Harper. OK. I believe my time will expire before I can get an answer here, so I will yield back.