    Mr. Guthrie. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Thank you all for being here and speaking to us today. Ms. Raskopf, on Dunkin' Donuts, I know you all are located in New York City. So New York City started this, what, in 2007 I believe? So you have been working on menu labeling for how long? Seven years, seven or eight, almost eight years?    Mr. Guthrie. Was it difficult complying with New York City's laws?    Mr. Guthrie. You say you have been working on it for the last year. But how long were you working--New York City has had it since 2007.    Mr. Guthrie. Are the New York City standards similar to the Federal standards? Are they more difficult or are they----    Mr. Guthrie. OK. Another question, so, just acknowledge, I mean, when you look back, and all of us want people to eat more nutritional. I mean, I was at something last evening, they had a menu label up, anywhere from, it was a soda, anywhere from zero to 1,080. And so I guess it picks on the size you get or whatever. That was enough information for me to say I know which one I am going to get because I want to go closer to the zero than the other way. And so just trying to, what is reasonable to make people more healthy.    I just went to our schools. And we actually have a lady in Daviess County, Kentucky making sure that kids only get three pickles if they get a cheeseburger. Because if they get four pickles, they violate Federal law. I mean, that sounds silly to sit here any say that. But that is absolutely true. And so what we are trying to say, I mean, that is actually fair. I will take people and show it to you.    And so how do we get information in people's hands that I think the vast number of American people want. I think that they want the information but in a way they can sit back and say Washington is doing things that are reasonable. And so we talk about having to display 34 million different pieces of information if you take, I don't know how many ingredients you have, but if you factor it out, I understand, 34 million, it just gets almost, online, I think, Dr. Wootan, you said something to the point that menu labeling software is very inexpensive.    But if you take menu labeling software that is very inexpensive to come up with your calories and you have to print 34 million different combinations or if you have to print it all through your stores, you know, I think what is simple, we talk about young people wanting information, my kids live on their phone.    So why not have it displayed in an electronic way that people have access to and they can always have it. That just seems to make sense to get the information to the people and take care of all the different problems. I don't know why that doesn't make sense. Would that be easier, Ms. Hubbard, if you were, down the line, if you were able just to do electronic?    Mr. Guthrie. I agree with my friend from Washington's legislation, it says we agree, we want everybody to have information, how can we do this in a way that people don't hold back? I mean, I could take you to Daviess County, Kentucky and show you the lunchroom lady making sure kids get three pickles with a hamburger, there is a labor they are putting there, instead of four. And they can't reach in and get it out of the jar and put it on their plate because if they put the glove on and do it, they might give them four. And it violates Federal regulations. And so those are what we are trying to get to.    I don't know, Mr. O'Quinn, if you want to talk, and Ms.--just dealing with, I know you all want to offer this information in a way that works and doesn't look absurd when you go, when reporters go with you to a school and say are you kidding me, is there somebody in Washington, D.C. Worried about whether a kid gets three or four pickles? Is that what our Federal Government is doing? And I said that is absolutely true. That is why you are here. I didn't stage these lunchroom workers to tell you that. They are here doing that. So----    Mr. Guthrie. I am one, I know I am over my time, but I am one that, I almost never pick up something that has that label on it and not read the calories. So I am one that is coming from I want to know the calories. But let's do it in a reasonable way. Thank you.