    Mr. Takai. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Aloha, generals. I am concerned about the cycle we go through in upgrading and modernizing the technologies that our warfighters employ in combat on the ground. As you know, we have found ourselves in situations in the past where we had deployed troops without the proper equipment because of our modernization cycles that have been underfunded.    Today I want to ask about a couple of programs, mainly on the ground system acquisition and communication. First General Williamson, it appears the Army has issued an unfinanced requirement list which seeks 16 additional M88A2 improved recovery vehicles. Will these be the older A1 vehicles that are improved to create the A2 versions? And how many M88A1 Hercules, the older variant, will remain in the Army's inventory after completion of the current program funding?    General Williamson. So sir, I will have to come back and tell you what the total number is, but the answer to your first question is that it is an upgrade to the existing 88s.    Mr. Takai. Okay. Yes, please get back to us on the other question.    And then General Walsh, the Networking-on-the-Move system is a transformational command and control capability for all elements of the Marine air-ground task force. The LOC was received in October 2014 requiring an increase in approved acquisition objective from 56 to 140 NOTM systems. Where is the program office at with contracting production of these remaining systems?    General Walsh. Thank you, Congressman. I will start off by giving you a broad overview of where we are at on the NOTM program and then I will turn it over to General Shrader to finish the question on exactly where we are at.    What I would say is the Network-on-the-Move program is really, as you look at the modern battlefield, is really trying to connect our capabilities. So if we have been in Iraq and Afghanistan in very immovable forward operating bases, combat outposts, we have been in the same location in the same area for a long time.    We are operating on there and we have got our command operations center there. And we have been able to bring that technology and really have a lot of situational battle space awareness of what is going on in that area.    On the future battlefield, operating in a distributed manner, when we have to push our forces out they are more on the move and have to be able to distribute it more, the ability to share, sense, and share that information and enable our forces to operate as a command post on the move. And that basically is what our Network-on-the-Move capability is doing.    So as we are going through this program we started off with our ground combat vehicle program, have now moved it into our ITV or smaller vehicle program, and now what we are also seeing it is we have got the urgent needs requests from our special purpose MAGTFs that are forward requesting the same type of vehicle that would tie into the aircraft that are deploying.    So we have changed the program to also add the addition of a Network-on-the-Move airborne into the Network-on-the-Move ground program that we have, so the ability to connect, mesh-net that capability from the aircraft down to the ground commanders.    And the specific requirement came out of the special purpose MAGTF was when they are en route for long hours on a mission they want to be able to have the battlefield awareness like a moving jump CP would have when they get on the ground. So we have increased the program to also take that into consideration.    So the program is changing like that because technology is changing so rapidly, of using that Network-on-the-Move program to be able to bring more capabilities into it to give more added capabilities as technology continues to spin up. And with that, I will turn it over to General Shrader.    Mr. Takai. I had another question, so if you could, General, just answer the question regarding the where we are in terms of contracting?    General Shrader. Sir, to be honest with you, specifically where we are in the contracting I will have to come back to you. I do know that the 140 systems is fully funded. Right now the issue that we are really getting at with NOTM is that that capability is really key to where the Marine Corps is trying to go with regard to distributed operations in the command and control mode.    The big thing we are getting at in NOTM is the size, weight, and power issues. We are trying to shrink the size and that weight and the amount of power that it draws on that system. But I will, if I could, sir, come back to you exactly where we are with the contracting and fully funding on the program.    Mr. Takai. Okay. Thank you. I have run out of time, so Mr. Chair, I yield back.