    Ms. Longi. Thank you.    Chairman Ros-Lehtinen, Ranking Member Deutch, and members of the subcommittee, thank you for the opportunity to discuss U.S. assistance to Tunisia and our partnership with the Tunisian people as they work for a stable democracy and economic prosperity.    We agree with Chairman Royce's recent assertion that Tunisia represents hope for democracy, peace, and security in the Middle East and North Africa. U.S. assistance serves as an important demonstration of our commitment to Tunisians as they work to consolidate reforms. We recognize that the 2011 revolution was sparked by the Tunisian people's frustrations with the stifling of political discourse, a corrupt economic environment, and a predatory security apparatus.    I would like to talk briefly about how the U.S. Government quickly and effectively responded to support Tunisia's aspirations for change, describe what we are doing in Tunisia today, and outline how we plan to scale up our support for the democratic transition and economic reforms.    Since 2011, USAID has provided approximately $300 million to support Tunisia's economic growth and democratic transition. This includes two sovereign loan guarantees that provided access to $985 million in financing, and helped support Tunisia's efforts to reform and grow its economy.    In the fall of 2011, the United States provided assistance to organizations in Tunisia that were organizing and administering multi-party elections for a Constituent Assembly charged with drafting a new constitution. Among our activities, we were able to connect U.S. Supreme Court Justices Stephen Breyer and Ruth Bader Ginsburg with members of the Constituent Assembly, political party representatives, and Tunisian legal scholars. This and other real practical engagements with emerging Tunisian leaders and civil society immediately after the revolution helped us to identify areas we could help going forward.    Another major area of U.S. engagement in Tunisia centers around its struggling economy. Through careful analysis, we identified significant constraints to job creation and economic growth in Tunisia, which we are working to address in many ways, including helping Tunisian firms unlock opportunities for growth and supporting job creation, training young entrepreneurs in marginalized areas, and providing technical assistance to Tunisia's Government as it drafts and implements laws to improve the investment climate and encourage private sector development.    These efforts have the immediate benefit of educating and employing Tunisia's youth to ensure a better future for them. As an example of how our work is directly responding to the needs of aspiring Tunisian workers, I would like to highlight a program for training Tunisian entrepreneurs in marginalized areas, primarily those close to Tunisia's borders with Algeria and Libya. This is a partnership with Hewlett Packard, the United Nation's Industrial Development Organization, and the Government of Italy, where USAID leveraged our resources to bring online entrepreneurship training for 12,000 Tunisians. More than 1,600 Tunisians have found new employment through this activity.    Among these entrepreneurs is Anis Assali, a young man who spent 14 months unable to find a job in the capital, Tunis, after earning a degree in aerospace engineering from the University of Tunis. He returned to his hometown in western Tunisia and decided to create his own employment by starting a business selling and installing solar panels. USAID-backed programs supported him with training and marketing and identifying reliable partners. His business has now grown from solar electricity to include solar water heating.    Another USAID program is working with businesses like Nozha Dates, based 300 miles southwest of Tunis. Nozha traditionally sold to an export company that wanted to develop direct export capabilities. USAID helped the company improve its standards, which enabled it to hire 55 new employees for its direct export business. All in all, USAID's programs in Tunisia have helped create more than 14,000 new jobs in 2 years alone and we are on track to create even more jobs by this time next year.    Thanks to the support of Congress, USAID's assistance is addressing targeted areas where U.S. and Tunisian partnerships can have the most impact. Our economic growth activities will continue to focus on employment through a firm level approach that helps firms identify and overcome internal blockages to growth, while also working with the Government of Tunisia to reform critical policies, regulations, and processes to limit the competitiveness of Tunisian businesses.    The U.S. will work to strengthen local governance capacity, placing a special emphasis on marginalized communities and underserved governorates and localities. Our programs will aim to provide citizens groups and civil society organizations with advocacy and outreach skills to articulate community priorities.    Right now, we have highly skilled technical teams in Tunisia consulting with key stakeholders to design targeted and strategic programs that will support Tunisia's democratic and economic transition. As we know well, the transition to a more democratic society and a more open and inclusive economic environment can be rocky and can move at intermittent speeds. Tunisia has made impressive strides in the past 5 years, and we recognize that there are a still long way to go.    With the support of Congress, USAID hopes to do even more to partner with Tunisia in its transition, working hand in hand with the Tunisian people to fulfill their aspirations. A successful Tunisia benefits the Tunisian people, the region, and the United States.    Thank you, and I look forward to your questions.    Ms. Longi. I will also say that the increase that we saw in Fiscal Year 2016 has prompted us to go out and design some really robust and new democracy programs. And so as I have mentioned, our teams are in the field right now designing those, and they will address some of the issues that you raised, Chairman, on the local governance and the decentralization and the empowerment of youth.    And so we are excited to get those designs completed and entrained, and I guess time will tell how much more we can absorb on that front. But we are moving forward robustly on expanding.    Ms. Longi. Yes. So the Enterprise Fund was created almost 3 years ago, and they did make their first investments about, almost 2 years in, which is--from what I understand, it is pretty commensurate with prior investment funds. They did have to figure out how to work in the complex legal and regulatory environment, which is as we have mentioned is changing and improving. So that was part of their start.    They have invested about $10 million to date in about five or six companies, and our most recent discussions with the fund tells us that they have about $45 million in projects that they are doing due diligence on right now, and they have told us that those are very, very promising projects. And so we expect to see a lot more investments this year and next as they get through the due diligence.    I think as far as what would be successful, the goal of the Enterprise Fund is to create a robust private sector and help the SME sector and on lending to micro finance. And so as they make more investments, those will be the types of things that we are monitoring. I am not clear yet on the jobs created. We can go back and bring you some information on that. I would assume that it is probably not too high yet with the five companies, but we can get back to you on that one.    Ms. Longi. USAID has not addressed the Libyan refugee issue specifically, and so I am going to punt.    Ms. Longi. Longi.    Ms. Longi. Well, with the increased funding that we received in Fiscal Year 2016, real and robust. So we are looking at the needs on the ground and consulting with stakeholders. The areas where we are most likely to engage are on the decentralization in the local government, reforms that were enshrined in the new constitution. And so we are going to be collaborating with the World Bank, part of the World Bank program that was reference earlier. We will do work in this area and we will try to plug in where we can have an impact there.    Some of the other areas where we will work is with these new and stronger local governments, working with them on public financial management so----    Ms. Longi. The municipalities.    Ms. Longi. They are defined as municipalities. Right. And so the constitution enshrine that they will now have elected officials. And so those elections are slated for early 2017 or some time in 2017. So right now we are working with our State Department colleagues, our Embassy, other donors in the field to decide how we as the international community can help support and help the Tunisians make this transition decentralization a success. And so that is going to be a big push over the next year for our assistance as well as for the Tunisians as they work on this.    Another piece of that is to work with citizens, and civil society, and the private sector, on how to work with these new decentralized communities.    Ms. Longi. Sure. NGOs, other civil society groups, private businesses that work in these areas, investors from abroad, investors from within Tunisia. So there is a lot of groups.    Ms. Longi. No.    Ms. Longi. What have they done wrong.    Ms. Longi. Well, USAID doesn't do the border security work.    Ms. Longi. But I can say, and maybe this just gets to the right, but continues to be a challenge is the unemployment issue. Because the unemployment issue and combined with the security issues does create a real challenge for Tunisia to overcome a lot of this at once.    And so the pace of it probably may seem slow, but if you look how this, you know, new vibrant democracy is working, they have passed some very important private--or business reform laws that, over time, if they keep that commitment will help create those private sector jobs which will balance out.    Ms. Longi. The passage of a lot of these foundational laws is one thing, because that is creating a better environment for the private sector to create jobs. Tunisia historically has had a very large public sector. And so the shift that they are making now is to encourage a stronger private sector where this job creation can actually take place, and so that is one thing.    Another thing that we have been working--the partnerships that we have included partnerships with the Minister of Employment and the Ministry of Education, because a lot of the reason for the youth unemployment is the mismatch between the jobs that are there and that can be created and the education that people are getting. And so we have worked to create some career centers, career development centers, within the universities, within the vocational schools to try to make that match better.    And so I think those are some of the challenges that exist and why the youth unemployment is so high. And we have seen great engagement and requests for assistance directly from ministers on this.    Ms. Longi. I can start.    Ms. Longi. We have been looking at the drivers of violent extremism in Tunisia. USAID, State Department, the Department of Defense, we are trying to figure out--and the reasons the drivers they are very local. Sometimes it is by neighborhood and sometimes by region. So the drivers that we've identified in certain areas of Tunisia include the unemployment, the disaffected population, including youth, some of the people not happy with the pace of reforms, people not happy with how their government is including them.    And so if you look at some of the programs, we are trying to target to address these, they include creating transparent and accountable local governments so people can--citizens can feel like they are a part of that. And so the employment is part of the solution as well as the citizen engagement. That is one way to address the specific drivers. There is a security aspect to it too.    Ms. Longi. I am optimistic. The engagement that we have, if you just look and the economics here, the engagement from minister level to working level on really truly being committed to creating jobs, and improving the business environment and, to getting youth engaged in a constructive way, it is positive.