    Mr. Cicilline. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank you, Ranking Member Bass, for holding today's hearing, and thank you especially, Chairman Smith, for your long leadership on human rights. All people deserve to be respected and to live their lives free from violence, persecution, discrimination, and oppression.    Protecting fundamental human rights is an important responsibility. It should and must remain a cornerstone of American foreign policy, which is why the United States has a responsibility to respond to egregious human rights abuses by imposing sanctions on those who commit or contribute to human rights violations.    Last Congress I introduced the Global Respect Act, which would direct the President to impose visa sanctions on foreign persons who commit egregious human rights violations on the basis of sexual orientation or gender identity. I think it is important to recognize the particular plight faced by LGBT individuals around the world, especially as many continue to be victims of violence and murder at shocking rates.    This bill ensures that we take that approach, a comprehensive approach, to protecting human rights and to be certain that those who are responsible for human rights violations are held accountable. It is critically important to continue to protect the basic human rights of all individuals, all vulnerable and marginalized populations.    The United States must be vigilant in protecting the human rights of racial, ethnic, linguistic minorities, women, and children, religious minorities, and political dissidents, among others. That is why I am very proud to co-sponsor the Global Magnitsky Human Rights Accountability Act.    I look forward to the testimony from our very distinguished panel, and thank you, again, Mr. Chairman, for calling this hearing. And with that, I yield back.    Mr. Cicilline. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I appreciate the indulgence. I just want to welcome the students who are here from Shea High School in Pawtucket, Rhode Island, my constituents, and welcome them to the subcommittee. You guys should stand up, and we would like to recognize you. Thanks for being here.    Mr. Cicilline. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.