    Mr. Hurd. Thank you, Madam Chair, for this opportunity to have this hearing. I think it is an important issue.    To our panelists, thanks for your presence here today.    My first set of questions I think are for you, Mr. Kubiak, about the PATRIOT Program. It is my understanding this is a program that helps screen and vet visa applicants and that it is only at posts overseas where they have an existing visa security program, is that correct?    Mr. Hurd. Is that 19 or 21?    Mr. Hurd. So why can that program not be exported to other places that don't have the VSP program?    Mr. Hurd. So I was in the CIA for 9 years. I was undercover. At one of my posts I was the consular officer, so I stamped visas by day and did my real job at night. So we can have just a hearing on just this topic. But my question is: So when that person comes up to the window, and I am not a VSP consulate, their name is not being ran against the PATRIOT database? Is the information in the PATRIOT database different than what is in TIDE or the TSTC database?    Mr. Hurd. So what are the limitations of this? This should be an automated process where you take whatever identifying information that you are collecting through the visa application and it should be run against every single one of the databases that are in our systems. That is the purpose of TIDE. I would also welcome your response to that.    But, Ms. Gambler, I would welcome and appreciate your perspective on this too if you have one as well. But, Mr. Kubiak, over to you.    Mr. Hurd. In 21 locations.    Mr. Hurd. Why not 220?    Mr. Hurd. Do we have a time line?    Mr. Hurd. Thank you, Mr. Kubiak.    Mr. Hurd. Ms. Gambler, do you have insights?    Ms. Gambler. The thing that I would add, based on the work that GAO has done, and the last report was in 2011, so it kind of predated sort of the implementation of this program that we are now discussing, but at the time ICE had a plan for expanding the Visa Waiver Program, but we found there were some gaps in how they were addressing risks through that plan.    So from our perspective it is important, and this is what we recommended, that ICE needed to assess ways to address these higher-risk posts that don't have a visa security program presence to be able to be better-positioned to address the risks in the process. So from our perspective it is important, as ICE considers plans going forward for the visa security program, that they take a risk-based approach to doing that.    Mr. Hurd. Mr. Wagner, do you have anything to add?    Mr. Hurd. Thank you, Mr. Wagner.    Madam Chair, I think this may be an area that the terrorists, the foreign fighter pipeline, the subcommittee should continue to look into.    Mr. Hurd. Thank you.    Mr. Wagner and Ms. Gambler, this question may be for you. I represent 820 miles of the border with Mexico, and the amount of goods and services that are coming across the border is increasing, it is going to continue to increase, and I think one of the programs that I think is helpful.    Increased traffic means more work for you all folks to do, more things to weed through to find the bad guys, which is I know a difficult proposition. But I am just interested to hear about the C-TPAT program and how it is working in Mexico or the steps to implement it in Mexico, and are there any efforts to do pre-clearance in Mexico as well.    Mr. Hurd. Are you having any difficulties implementing that? Are there any barriers that you are finding in the Mexican bureaucracy to do these kind of programs?    Mr. Hurd. Good copy.    Ms. Gambler, any comment.    Ms. Gambler. GAO has issued a report on CBP's Trusted Traveler programs, to include the FAST program, which Mr. Wagner noted. What we found through the program was for commercial vehicles, for example, that are in the FAST program, which relies on C-TPAT, that those participants in the FAST program did experience benefits relative to shippers or vehicles who are not part of the FAST programs, including having shorter wait times at ports of entry. We also found that trusted travelers committed fewer violations than did non-trusted travelers.    That being said, we did find some challenges with the program, but it was as it related to the enrollment of individuals into CBP's Trusted Traveler programs, including sort of how long it is taking to get through the vetting and the enrollment processes for certain trusted travelers and at certain enrollment centers. We made recommendations to CBP to try to improve the efficiency and effectiveness of the enrollment process.    Mr. Hurd. Great. Thank you.    Look, I think we can secure our border and facilitate the movement of goods and services at the same time, and those should always be our twin goals. So thank you all for your time today.