    Mr. Castro. Thank you, Chairman DeSantis, and thank you for the courtesy of allowing me to be here. This is an issue that I take great interest in. I served in the Texas legislature when the legislature passed the Texas voter ID law. It was around the same time that redistricting plan was passed in Texas, which a Federal court found intentionally discriminated against minorities in Texas, African-Americans and Hispanics. So I apologize, like all of us who have been running around, I may have a few questions over which you have already tread.    But let me ask each of you very quickly what was the participation rate in each of your States for the 2014 mid-term elections? Just a number real quick, or ballpark.    Mr. Castro. OK. No, no, that is fine.    Mr. Castro. Sure. I don't mean to make an argument of it; I just need a number.    Mr. Castro. Fifty-one percent?    Sir, what was yours?    Mr. Castro. OK, so somewhere between 39 and 60? And which of your States has voter ID laws in effect now?    Mr. Castro. OK.    Mr. Castro. So did you pass a State voter ID law or not?    Mr. Castro. Certainly, Mr. Dunlap, would you agree that when there is photo ID passed or voter ID passed there are some legitimate voters who are not going to be able to vote because they don't have the ID with them?    Mr. Castro. And do you know of any estimates about the percentage of people that might be denied their legitimate right to vote because of these laws?    Mr. Castro. OK. So let me ask any of you this: Do you think that the argument here is that the President's executive action may cause undocumented folks to vote? Do you think these folks are more patriotic than, in Kansas, 61 percent of your Kansans? I guess what I mean to say is you really think that these folks are so patriotic and so wanting to go vote that they want so much to go vote more than 61 percent of the Kansans who didn't want to go vote?    Mr. Castro. No, please answer my question. If you are going to, yes or no?    Mr. Castro. Do you think--I need to reclaim my time.    Mr. Castro. Mr. Chairman, I asked a direct question for which the witness won't give me a direct answer.    Mr. Castro. But, Mr. Kobach, you believe that----    Mr. Castro . There are so many undocumented folks there who just want to vote so much in Kansas that this is going to be a problem?    Mr. Castro. OK, so you feel there are so more patriotic than 61 percent of your Kansas out there, that they are just dying to go vote. OK.    Mr. Castro. Now, let me ask you this.    Mr. Dunlap, do you think that there are more people who are going to be legitimately disenfranchised, Americans, legitimate voters who have the right to vote, disenfranchised by laws passed in Kansas and other places, or are there going to be more undocumented folks who actually turn out and vote? Which number do you think would be higher?    Mr. Castro. Yet, these were laws that were very graciously passed in places like Kansas and Tennessee, which the Government Accounting Office has said cost the vote for a lot of people. I know you have disputed that report, but the GAO has said that it was solid and credible.    Mr. Castro. So you think that putting roadblocks in front of people is OK, right, even though legitimate voters, everybody agrees that are going to be some legitimate voters who aren't going to be able to vote. Even you agree with that, right?    Mr. Castro. Not a single legitimate voter is going----    Mr. Castro. Wow. That is a remarkable answer, that you won't even admit a single person is not going to be able to vote.    Mr. Castro. So there are going to be more legitimate people, right, who can vote, there are going to be more legitimate people that can vote because of the laws that you all passed versus these undocumented folks that you are worried about today.    Mr. Castro. No.    Mr. Castro. Mr. Kobach, you are being unreasonable.    Mr. Castro. Thank you, Chairman.