    Mr. Currie. Thank you, Chairman McSally, Ranking Member Thompson, other Members of the committee. We really appreciate the opportunity to be able to be here and testify.    Before I get into some of our specific work that we have done at GAO in this area, I would like to make a couple broader points.    FEMA is a much different organization than it was in 2005, and has made a lot of progress. I think the proactive preplanning and response to Sandy were evidence of that, and that the Federal Government at large was much better prepared for another catastrophic storm.    However, FEMA and other agencies operate in a different disaster and fiscal environment today. Extreme weather events are now the norm, and Federal disaster spending has exploded. It is not just traditional disaster relief funds from FEMA. Now, many other Federal agencies are contributing more to disaster relief either directly or indirectly.    Over the last decade, we at GAO have reported on progress and challenges, as you mentioned, in numerous areas, including efforts to implement over 300 provisions in the Post-Katrina Act.    Today, I would like to focus on some of our work in three of those areas. The first is National preparedness, the second is response and recovery, and the third is what I would categorize as FEMA management issues.    So let me talk a little bit about preparedness or, just more simply, how capable we are to respond to a disaster. Some of the biggest changes to FEMA in the Post-Katrina Act were in this area. For example, there has been much progress in establishing the coordinating structures, or the emergency support functions, across the Federal Government.    Also, FEMA and other agencies have conducted numerous exercises to test their readiness and identify capability gaps. Challenges still exist in this area, though. Specifically, FEMA doesn't necessarily control other Federal departments' preparedness efforts and resources.    For example, FEMA manages National-level exercises, but we found that other agencies don't always report back on actions they took to close the gaps that are identified during those exercises. So this impacts FEMA's ability to assess overall preparedness.    The second area I would like to talk about is response and recovery. Again, there has been much progress since the problems we remember after Katrina. But more work is still needed.    For example, we have recently evaluated FEMA disaster payments to individuals, which was discussed in the opening statements, after Sandy and compared them to Katrina. Due to better controls that FEMA implemented after Katrina, we found about 2.7 percent of payments at risk of being improper or potentially fraudulent--it doesn't mean that those were all fraudulent--compared to upwards of 22 percent after Katrina.    So this is unbelievably great progress, given the challenge that Mr. Fugate mentioned of getting money out quickly but making sure it is to the right people.    However, there are still improvements and some challenges that exist, such as ability to validate Social Security numbers with the Social Security Administration, and we made some recommendations to address these issues.    I would also like to emphasize our work on mitigation and resilience-building during recoveries. Given the increase in Federal costs and extreme weather, mitigation is one of the few solutions to buy down risk and decrease future cost. Mr. Koon talked about this in his opening. We have reported recently that resilience-building efforts were a much higher priority in Sandy recovery, and States were able to use a number of the Federal programs to mitigate against future disasters. However, more work is needed to break down the barriers that still exist in mitigation.    For example, States and locals had difficulty navigating multiple fragmented Federal programs, all with rules, regulations, and time frames. These weren't all FEMA programs; these are programs across the menu of Federal agencies.    We also found that the Nation lacks a comprehensive strategic approach to prioritizing our investments in resilience. We made recommendations to begin addressing these issues, but determining how to better invest our resilience dollars won't be easy.    The last area I wanted to discuss is FEMA management. For example, FEMA has taken a number of steps to better manage and control the rising administrative costs. Now, these are the costs of actually providing and managing disaster assistance.    Specifically, in response to our recommendation they developed specific goals, and a plan to better manage and try to reduce these costs.    Also, over the last decade we and others have found continued challenges in FEMA's ability to complete and integrate important strategic workforce planning efforts. We just reported, back in July, that the agency had not completed its plan to identify workforce gaps and lacked data on the cost and performance of certain workforce components. That has been a pretty consistent message across some of our reports over the last 5 to 7 years.    So this completes my prepared remarks. I look forward to the discussion, and any questions.    Mr. Currie. Yes, ma'am. We haven't been on record talking about specific suggestions for legislation. But what I would say is kind-of similar to what Mr. Fugate said. I think what we have seen over the last 10 years in this explosion of disaster spending is not just spending by FEMA. It is spending across all departments.    The example I like to use is, the Forest Service now spends almost half of its budget on wildfire suppression. It is way different than it was 6 to 8 years ago. So there has been a growth and an expansion of this.    So I think this is really a whole-of-Government response and approach to preparing for disasters. Because every, almost every, agency in the Government is getting involved in this. So, you know, looking at it from that perspective may change the way we think about our programs and how we need to prepare.    Mr. Currie. No, ma'am. Unfortunately, at GAO we just haven't really done any work on that. A very interesting issue, though.    Mr. Currie. Not this issue specifically. But one thing that comes to mind is the threat and hazard reduction analysis that each State has to do in order to get preparedness grant funding. So I would expect that a State with large rural populations would look at that as part of its preparedness in that process and figure out that that is an area of risk. That is something we are going to have to address in a large disaster and something we need to prepare better for.