    Mr. Pallone. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I wanted to ask Mr. Kennedy first about Jersey Net, and then I wanted to ask a question about tribal lands, so I am trying to get this all in.    Nearly 3 years ago Hurricane Sandy devastated New Jersey. The natural disaster was compounded by communication failures across the State, and that is why I have been such a supporter of making New Jersey's one of FirstNet's early builder projects. I know that early on, however, critics pointed to the struggles Governor Christie had getting this project off the ground as an example of why FirstNet couldn't work, and I believe that we have been able to turn this project around since then.    I had hoped to ask one of the architects of the success in New Jersey about how he did it, because I thought his experience would help make other jurisdictions successful, but, unfortunately, the Governor prevented him from being here today, so I have to ask you, Mr. Kennedy, what do you think of the progress Jersey Net has made, and can you elaborate on the lessons that FirstNet hopes to learn from New Jersey's early deployment of its public safety broadband network?    Mr. Pallone. All right. FirstNet was created to be part of NTIA, which is part of the Department of Commerce. It seems to me, though, that you might be able to deploy the network faster if FirstNet was spun out of the agency. So do you think FirstNet has reached the point where it can stand on its own as an independent corporation, and if we are not there yet, what needs to happen first?    Mr. Pallone. OK. I want to ask you about tribal lands. I try to bring up American Indian issues when I can. Nowhere is our Nation's digital divide more apparent than on tribal lands. The lack of communications on tribal lands has not just had an economic impact, it is also led to real difficulties with public safety communications. And I think one of the overlooked virtues is this potential importance to improve deployment of broadband infrastructure to tribal lands.    So how is FirstNet coordinating with tribal public safety entities, and how will FirstNet address areas like tribal lands, which may have very little existing communications infrastructure?    Mr. Pallone. All right. Thanks a lot. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.