    Mr. Salmon. On the evening of January 6, North Korea likely conducted its fourth nuclear weapons test. North Korean leader Kim Jong Un claimed that the test was a fusion reactive hydrogen bomb. Most experts are skeptical, given seismic evidence and North Korea's penchant for overstatement. But it is, nonetheless, incredibly concerning.    We convene this hearing today not only to join the international community in condemning the test, but to work to find a feasible lasting solution to address the North Korean nuclear threat.    For many in the United States, if we think of North Korea it is usually the butt of a joke, reference to either The Interview or Team America movies. Despite repeated calls from both respectable civilian thinkers and top military leadership citing North Korea as a top threat in the Pacific theater, North Korea seems to have been off the Obama administration's radar.    Instead, they have dismissed the imminent threat by employing its so-called ``strategy of patience''--or, excuse me, ``strategic patience.'' For our allies in the region, North Korean provocations mean so much more, and it should for the United States as well.    History has proven that North Korea has every intention to continue advancing its nuclear program. In an effort to strengthen both domestic and international positions, the United States has shown a willingness to negotiate with North Korea if it is simply willing to first take steps toward denuclearization. North Korea has shown no interest in doing so, but it has successfully extracted food assistance and other foreign assistance from us by threatening nuclear activity. This is an unacceptable cycle that cannot continue.    Due to North Korea's nuclear threat and proximity to our allies, South Korea, and Japan, our response options are limited, but they largely fall into two categories--sanctions and information flow. Some argue for United Nations sanctions, but others say that would exert little pressure on North Korea, largely due to China's lack of enforcement. Some speak of North Korea as the most heavily sanctioned state in the world, but that is simply not the case.    For example, Iran is subject to sanctions under 18 U.S. executive orders, and North Korea is subject to six. I applaud Chairman Royce for his work on the North Korea sanctions legislation which passed the House yesterday. I am proud to vote for that, and I think it is a good start. But I think much more to be done, and that is why we are here today.    China's relationships with North Korea continues to be a problem. China favors North Korea's status quo over the demise of the Kim regime, which it fears could mean a unified United States allied Korea as a neighbor and a sizeable flood of refugees crossing their border.    These vested interests are why China continues to prop up this pariah state with food, oil, and assistance. I am deeply disappointed that China continues to allow North Korea to destabilize the region in this manner. China must tighten sanctions and really enforce the sanctions that are in place and apply the unique pressure that only it--North Korea's patron--can provide.    While a nuclear test quickly draws the world's attention toward North Korean leadership, we must remember that there are 24 million people living in this closed-off state, starved of basic necessities. Furthermore, citizens are brainwashed into believing that their leadership is actually helping them.    The North Korean Human Rights Act of 2004 initiated radio broadcasting to provide basic knowledge of the outside world to the people of North Korea. Twelve years have since passed and technological advances have been made, and our policies should reflect that reality. I intend to introduce legislation that would update this program this provide greater, more useful information to inform and empower their citizens.    In 2006, North Korea was removed from the State Sponsor of Terrorism List in an attempt to bring it to the negotiation table and ultimately halt its nuclear program. Congress has debated this issue, and many members believe it should be put back on the list. Count me in that category.    Given the Sony cyberattacks, the shelling of South Korean ships, North Korea's alleged ties to Hamas, Hezbollah, and Iran, and now this fourth nuclear test, perhaps--maybe perhaps nuclear should be placed back on the list.    The leaders of North Korea, as well as China, should understand that every Pyongyang provocation will induce a congressional response in an attempt to alter North Korea's ways. There is calamity across the globe blurring our focus, but the Obama administration's employment of ``strategic patience'' comes, I believe, at our peril. Let's be done with ``strategic patience.'' It is time for strategic clarity. We must be proactive in our efforts, and I look forward to this important discussion of any recommendations this distinguished panel can offer.    Members present will be permitted to submit written statements to be included in the official hearing record. And without objection, the hearing record will remain open for 5 calendar days to allow statements, questions, and extraneous materials for the record, subject to the length limitation in the rules.    And I would like to turn the time over to the ranking member for any comments that he might make.    Mr. Salmon. I just wanted to comment for the ranking member, I think that many of the issues that you raised are thought-provoking and reasonable, and I would like to extend a hand across the partisan divide to work with you in any way, shape, or form to not just pull our hair out but actually get some results.    And if that offends some folks, some special interests, then so be it. I think the more important goal is to have success. I think all of the world expects success. And so I just want to say that I think you have raised some legitimate issues that need to be explored, and I intend to work with you to do that. Look forward to it.    Mr. Rohrabacher.    Mr. Salmon. I thank the gentleman from California.    Mr. Bera.    Mr. Salmon. Thank you.    Mr. Chabot.    Mr. Salmon. I thank the gentleman. Is there anybody else that seeks recognition on the panel before--yes, Mr. Lowenthal.    Mr. Salmon. I thank Mr. Lowenthal. Very insightful thoughts and questions.    If there are no other opening statements, then I am going to move to the panel, first of all introducing three great experts on this dicey issue. First is Dr. Victor Cha, senior adviser and Korea chair at the Center for Strategic and International Studies. It is good to see you again, Dr. Cha. Mr. Bruce Klingner, senior research fellow for Northeast Asia at The Heritage Foundation. And Ms. Bonnie Glaser, who is the senior adviser for Asia and director of the China Power Project at the Center for Strategic and International Studies.    We are thrilled to have all of you here today, and thank you for making the time available. First, I will introduce Dr. Cha.    Mr. Salmon. Thank you.    Mr. Klingner.    Mr. Salmon. Thank you.    Ms. Glaser.    Mr. Salmon. I think that your answer kind of dovetails with the opening statement of the ranking member, and I think that these comments really have a lot of bearing on going forward. I think that there really shouldn't be any sacred cows when it comes to enforcing our laws. And protection of special interests or, you know, ongoing concerns over a bilateral relationship with China, these are serious issues. And China has not stood up for its obligations, I believe, in this realm.    One thing that has been mentioned that might get China's attention, and I think it is also just good policy, is what about the U.S. bolstering our support for a missile defense system for South Korea at the least, and maybe Japan? What do you think about that, Dr. Cha and Mr. Klingner?    Mr. Salmon. Mr. Klingner.    Mr. Salmon. It is no secret that the relationship between China and South Korea has blossomed over the last several years, and they have tried to do everything they can to improve trade, and all aspects of that bilateral relationship. It is also no secret that China has lobbied, and I think that is the understatement of the universe, South Korea against THAAD.    And I think it is time for us, as leaders in the region, to step up our voices and our commitment to security in the region by support for things like that and try to reignite some support for those things, because maybe, just maybe, besides being good policy, from our strategic interests, self-strategic interests, it might be a really good motivation factor for China to finally get off its duff and do something about this serious global problem.    The Chair recognizes Mr. Sherman.    Mr. Salmon. The cyber terrorism is bad enough. But when you seize people and hold them for decades because you want somebody to teach you a tea ceremony, I have one comment and that is North Korea is very status conscious.    And, of course, the biggest boost to your ego is to have a nuclear-tipped ICBM. The cheesy way to deliver a nuclear weapon is to smuggle one. But I will point out that you can smuggle a nuclear weapon inside a bale of marijuana, and a missile defense program isn't going to stop that.    And, in fact, you have the additional advantage of having plausible deniability or a delay. So retaliation doesn't occur in cold blood. It doesn't occur after a 90-day investigatory process.    I want to go to one more line of questioning. Al-Kibar in Syria, North Korean technology. Just a quick question, does any of our witnesses have any guess as to how much money North Korea was given for cooperating with al-Kibar? I am not seeing any witnesses. But we do--the estimates have been in the hundreds of millions of dollars.    We know two things. Iran wants a nuclear weapon. Iran is about to get its hands on $130 billion. Would North Korea be willing to sell not--they have already proven they are willing to sell nuclear weapons kits, if you will, or equipment and plans. Does North Korea have enough atomic weapons that they would be willing to sell one or two of them? And is this a multi-billion dollar cost for whoever wants to buy them? Do we have--Mr. Klingner.    Mr. Salmon. I did, too, so I was looking the other way.    The Chair recognizes Mr. Rohrabacher.    Mr. Salmon. Thank you very much.    Mr. Connolly.    Mr. Salmon. Mr. Connolly raised the issue that they don't really have much to export. Possibly they could export some cyber hacking training seminars.    The Chair recognizes Mr. DesJarlais.    Mr. Salmon. Thank you.    Ms. Gabbard.    Mr. Salmon. Thank you very much.    The Chair recognizes Brigadier General Perry.    Mr. Salmon. I would like to really thank the panel members. I think that this has been an incredibly productive hearing.    Congressman Perry, you asked a lot of questions I think that a lot of us have been entertaining ourselves. You know, a lot of the whys, why--you know, is North Korea less of a threat than they were several years ago when there was tons of media attention and concern across America. And just 3 short years ago in the Presidential debates it was front and center, one of the most important issues of our time.    And the only thing that kind of comes to mind is an old adage, if a tree falls in the forest and nobody hears it, did it make a sound? And we just haven't focused the attention--when I say ``we,'' I don't think it has been a priority for the last 3 years.    Mr. Salmon. Well----    Mr. Salmon. And I think that is why we are here today, because in the absence of leadership on this issue I think that that realm falls to us, that we have a responsibility then to stand up and try to take matters into our hands, whether it is trying to influence South Korea on THAAD, or whether it is looking at potential new sanctions or, at the very least, redeclaring North Korea a terrorist state.    There are lots of options I think that are on the table, and that is the reason that we did the hearing today, not just to shine light, not just to talk, but I think our goal is to try to put together legislation--a bill or several bills--that will try to move us in the right direction.    And my intention is to work with the panelists to try to craft that legislation and mark it up for a full committee hearing, because while other parts of the globe are in jeopardy, that doesn't diminish the threat that this part of the globe holds. And just because we are not paying attention to it doesn't mean that it is not a serious threat.    And I think that it is time that we focus our attentions on this serious, serious, serious issue that poses a threat to not just our national security, our allies in national security, but global national security. The threat of a nut job like Kim Jong Un having deployment capabilities with a nuclear weapon is incredibly frightening.    I think one of the things we didn't talk about today, what about the possibility--even if it is remote, what about the possibility of a partnership between North Korea and Iran? With all the money that Iran now has, or will have, and nuclear capabilities in North Korea, what about the possibility of joining forces to become an uber threat to everything that we hold dear.    So I think that this hearing is not an ending place. It is a beginning place for what needs to take our attention. I think, Mr. Chairman, you wanted to make a comment.    Mr. Salmon. I think what is really clear is that we have to break outside the existing paradigm, and the status quo is not working. And so we have to be creative and start coming up with some maybe old ideas with oomph or some new ideas, and I am open.    And so thank you very much for the panelists. Thank you, Ranking Member, and the committee members as well.    This meeting is now adjourned.