    Mr. Bernstein. Thank you, Chairman Marino, and thank you, Chairman Goodlatte, and also Congressman Trott for introducing and being a sponsor of the bill, as well as Congressman Conyers. I want to say that you have made my job easy in terms of meeting the 5-minute requirement because the statements were so good in terms of summarizing the bill. I'm just going to skip to my major points    So, just as a little bit of background, this idea of single point of entry resolution of a financial firm is a result of a lot of work that's been done at the FDIC and in other contexts, including under Title II of Dodd-Frank, with the idea that if you set up financial institutions correctly in the United States with bank holding companies, you should be able to recapitalize their operations if the operations have losses because there is loss absorbency at the holding company level.    And in fact, there are a number of features that are being added to the way bank holding companies are structured in order to facilitate resolution under the Bankruptcy Code, which has been an outgrowth of the resolution planning process under the Dodd-Frank Act. One of these is a concept that is being adopted globally, which is called, ``Total Loss Absorbing Capacity.''    That consists of two things. It consists of the capital of the bank and also a layer of debt that can effectively be bailed in or converted, in effect, to equity so that no capital needs to be infused from sources outside the firm, including no taxpayer funds would have to be infused to create the capital necessary.    The capital levels of financial institutions since 2008, especially the largest ones, have essentially doubled from where they were in 2008, and then if you add a requirement that is in the process of being developed and is likely to be imposed by regulators for total loss absorbing capacity, it will double again in effect and permit the use of bankruptcy and single point of entry resolution to use that loss absorbing capacity in order to resolve firms.    Most of the largest financial institutions actually have that layer of indebtedness already, so we are actually at a point where the resources are available to recapitalize these firms.    Secondly, there has been a massive increase in the amount of liquidity that's being maintained by all the firms. Congressman Conyers made the point about a liquidity source. I know the NBC makes that point in their letter and I make it as well in my testimony, my written testimony, but today, with the levels of liquidity that the banks are maintaining, they can resolve themselves in a severely adverse economic scenario based on the balance sheet liquidity that they are currently maintaining. So that is--and it's a huge increase from the way it was in 2008.    The third area that single point of entry requires is a clean holding company, a holding company that can be left behind in a bankruptcy proceeding when the operating subsidiaries have been recapitalized and then get transferred to a bridge company. And pursuant to regulatory requirements and also pursuant to the resolution planning process, the firms are also putting themselves in a place where they are not having material operations occurring in the holding company where there is little or no short-term debt in the holding company, and subsidiaries are not guaranteeing holding company debts. So that is another aspect of how the companies are putting themselves in a position to actually utilize the single point of entry process.    And finally, because the amendments that are in section 1188 of the proposed bill have not been enacted, there has been a very strong effort by both regulators and by the firms to amend financial contracts to remove cross defaults to a holding company bankruptcy so that the financial contracts cannot be terminated the way they were in Lehman Brothers and can continue in effect, of course with appropriate protections for counterparties, because the guarantees would be moved to the new bridge company and would therefore not be subject to the debt that's been left behind in the old bankrupt company.    So all of those features, and there were some others that I mention in my written testimony, are putting things in a position to actually accomplish single point of entry.    Now, there were two provisions in the bill that I wanted to mention that I think are worth just highlighting. The first one is the ability of the Federal Reserve to commence an involuntary case. One of the difficulties that's been raised with that provision is involuntary cases normally come with the right to oppose them and other parties need to be heard by the court, there might be appeals, and in my view, if the due process issues are so overwhelming with respect to that issue, it's not critically necessary to include that provision.    And I see you raising your gavel, so what I will do is wait for questions if there are questions on that issue or on the other provision that I wanted to address. Thank you.    Mr. Bernstein. Thank you. At current liquidity levels, which have been enhanced since 2008, the banks have used severe stress testing of those liquidity models in a resolution context, and they show that they do have enough liquidity. I agree with Mr. Levin's point that if there were a liquidity backstop, it wouldn't be used, but having it there would help to stabilize the firm more quickly simply because it exists.    So I think the need for--there is no need for liquidity because of the current balance sheet levels, but having a liquidity backstop would serve the purpose of helping to facilitate the resolution and getting the company to be stabilized more quickly to give the market confidence.    Mr. Bernstein. Yes. So I actually think this is less related to the facts on the ground at the time of any particular resolution than it is to--it's, frankly, almost a foreign policy issue. In the context of my practice, I've been dealing a great deal with foreign regulators.    Foreign regulators do not understand bankruptcy. The main benefit and the primary benefit, I think, of retaining Title II is to give confidence to foreign regulators that if something is going wrong in the bankruptcy process, the regulators do have the ability to step in. Simply because they deal with the U.S. regulators every day, there is active dialogue with them, they think they understand where the U.S. regulators are coming from, so it's not necessarily something that will need to be used because this bill actually has the appropriate process.    But in terms of preventing a foreign regulator from seizing a foreign subsidiary when we're trying to keep them out of bankruptcy, it may go a long way in giving the regulator confidence that they don't have to do that because they know that the U.S. regulators can step in.    Mr. Bernstein. Yes. I think the one thing about whether it's the provisions of this bill or the fact that the FDIC has made it clear that holding company creditors rather than taxpayers will absorb losses, that will increase the level of monitoring by creditors, and they will be making decisions about whether to invest based on how they see the institution operating rather than based on the feeling that they are going to be bailed out.    And I think that is a very important aspect of this bill. It is probably a good thing.    Mr. Bernstein. Above market interest rate.    Mr. Bernstein. You already said that? Then I don't remember the third one.    Mr. Bernstein. It is a complicated question because many other things that are in place today weren't in place at that time. I think one of the things that it would have helped is this bill would have potentially permitted Lehman to adopt a different strategy. It could have used a single point of entry strategy and could have preserved its derivative contracts.    The problem with Lehman at the time, though, is it didn't have the total loss absorbing capacity and might not have been able to recapitalize the subsidiaries. So that piece of it, which is now being required, not only in the U.S. but by global regulators, is very important. And if you have both of those pieces, the provisions in this bill or in the contractual ISDA to protocol, plus the total loss absorbing capacity, you would have had a totally different result in Lehman Brothers, I think.    Mr. Bernstein. That's correct, your Honor. Your Honor--Congressman.    Mr. Bernstein. Yes. And this relates to Congressman Conyers' question. I think if we had this bill, plus all the other changes that are being made in the resolution planning process, I think we would have had an extremely different outcome in Lehman Brothers. Lehman Brothers holding company would have filed, the subsidiaries would have been recapitalized so that they would have sufficient capital not to go into bankruptcy.    The subsidiaries would have been transferred to a new bridge holding company. And the derivatives contracts importantly would not have terminated, which would avoid enormous losses that would threaten the viability of those subsidiaries. So there wouldn't have been the systemic disruption that occurred at the time of Lehman Brothers, which is very important.    Mr. Bernstein. Yes, it would have. In fact, as you'll see in that Hoover book, there are several chapters devoted to this type of single point of entry resolution and their conclusion is it would be very effective in that way.    Mr. Bernstein. I think this bill would definitely facilitate structures already being used in the living wills of the largest financial institutions and I think that that is a very positive development.    Mr. Bernstein. Yes, there is a lot of uncertainty as a financial crisis develops and boards of directors may hesitate to act. I do not believe that the Federal Reserve will end up ever using the power if they are granted the power to file involuntary petitions, because the fact that the Federal Reserve can do it if it's necessary will cause corporate managements to be very focused on when the right time to go into Chapter 11 is. And that, taken together with the living will process, I think the two together make it very unlikely it will ever be used. And it is really only a failsafe for a situation where the company management may be paralyzed at that time.    That being said, I don't think it is an essential part of this bill for the reasons that Mr. Levin stated, which is there are other supervisory powers that the Federal Reserve has. And the Federal Reserve is going to be intimately involved in the living will process, and they have been, so I think there is going to be a constant dialogue with the regulators and the financial institutions that make this provision almost unnecessary.    Mr. Bernstein. I agree, I agree with Mr. Hessler.