    Mr. Cicilline. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Thank you, Director Comey, for your service to our country. Thank you for being here today and for the outstanding work of the men and women at the FBI.    We all, of course, acknowledge the incredible horrors of the San Bernardino attack, but I think, in many ways, what we're struggling with, as Ms. DelBene said, not necessarily security versus privacy, but security versus security. And the real argument that the danger that exists for the misuse of this new technology by foreign agents, by terrorists, by bad actors, by criminals will actually make us less safe in the long term. And while it might achieve your objective in the short term in this particular case, that the implications in terms of our own national security and personal security pose greater dangers. I think that's what at least I'm struggling with.    I appreciate you said this is the hardest question you've confronted, because I think it is a hard one. But the first thing I want to ask is, this is different, would you agree, than all the examples that have been used about producing items in your custody. This is a different kind of one, because it's actually compelling a third party to produce and create intellectual property which doesn't exist today.    Mr. Cicilline. But don't you think it's hard to even imagine how a court ultimately enforces that, because you have to sort of get into the head of the engineers to figure out did they actually comply with what the government order is directing them to create.    I mean, I'm not saying it's not something you're not allowed to ask for, but it is different, it seems to me, than simply asking people to produce that which they are in possession of, custodians of.    Mr. Cicilline. Well, this will be more than----    Mr. Cicilline. Not just go make one, because that knowing how to make keys exists, but to develop a whole new technology and intellectual property. So I just want--I raise that because I think we have to acknowledge it's different and then decide what to do with it.    Mr. Cicilline. But in addition to that, you said repeatedly that the government doesn't have the ability to do this already. And, as you know, there was a decision yesterday by Magistrate Judge Orenstein--I'd ask unanimous consent that that memorandum and order be made part of the record--in which he actually----    Mr. Cicilline. Okay. Which he--and he goes through and says the All Writs Act doesn't apply. CALEA prohibits this by omission, and I think in a very clear way. But in addition to that, he goes on to say that the government argued in an unrelated case that the government actually has the ability to do this, the Department of Homeland Security Investigations, that they are in possession of technology that would allow its forensic technicians to override the passcode security feature on the subject iPhone and obtain the data.    So I think this is a very important question for me. If, in fact--is it in fact the case that the government doesn't have the ability, including the Department of Homeland Security Investigations, and all of the other intelligence agencies to do what it is that you claim is necessary to access this information?    Mr. Cicilline. Because it is very--the answer's yes?    Mr. Cicilline. Okay.    Mr. Cicilline. So do you agree, Director Comey, that if there is authority to be given to do what you're asking, that that authority has to come from Congress?    Mr. Cicilline. So where do you think the authority comes from?    Mr. Cicilline. So if the ruling made yesterday remains, which rejects the notion that the All Writs Act applies and that CALEA, in fact, is congressional intention on this, and the fact that we didn't act on it means you have authorization has not been provided, then would you agree that Congress is the only place that can authorize this, and if so, what would you recommend we do? What would that look like as we grapple with this question? Because I can tell you, for me, having read that, I think CALEA is clear; it doesn't authorize it. It's clear the All Writs Act doesn't. So if there is to be authority, assuming we decide that there should be, it seems it must come from Congress. As the Director of the FBI, what do you think that would--what would your recommendation be that would respond to what you see as your needs but also the national security interests of our country?    Mr. Cicilline. Thank you. I yield back. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Thank you, Director.    Mr. Cicilline. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And thank you to our witnesses for your testimony and for this very important discussion.    I think we all recognize there are few absolutes in the law, and so balancing occurs all the time. There are risks in developing this software that have been articulated very well during this hearing, and indeed, there are risks associated with an inability to access critical information. So I think we are living in a world there are risks in both ways forward, and I guess my first question is: Many people who agree that Apple or any other company should not be required and there's no authorization to require them to produce a product that doesn't exist or to develop an intellectual property that doesn't exist, many people who think that that's correct wonder whether Apple has considered, in limited circumstances and maybe a standard you would set internally, if it in fact is a situation that would prevent immediate death or serious bodily injury, coupled with a consent of the person or lack of objection--in this case, the person is deceased--where there is no privacy claim asserted, in some very narrow category, whether there is a set of protocols you might voluntarily adopt to provide that information or that software with then instruction that it be immediately destroyed; it be done in a SCIF, in a secure safe. I mean, is that practical, something like that? Should that be part of this discussion that we keep hoping that the industry and the Justice Department will have in trying to develop something, or is that fraught with so many problems that it's----    Mr. Cicilline. So you have, in fact, sort of already contemplated other ways in which you could make this information available in this case that would not have those sorts of broader implications?    Mr. Cicilline. Thank you.    Ms. Landau, you say in your written testimony, the--in your written testimony, the point is that solutions to accessing the data already exist with the forensic analysis community. We did ask Director Comey, and we probably limited our question too narrowly because we asked about the intelligence communities of the United States. It sounds like you're suggesting that there may be capabilities outside the United States Government that the Justice Department or the FBI could contract with that are capable of doing what it is they're asking a court to order Apple to do.    Mr. Cicilline. So it seems as if, you know, we are contemplating whether or not Congress should take some action to either grant this authority and then figure out what is the appropriate standard and test, et cetera. It sounds as if you think that is problematic and that, in fact, the real answer is a substantial increased investment in the intelligence capability, the law enforcement capability to sort of keep pace with the advances that companies like Apple are making, that that's really the best protection in terms of both law enforcement and the long-term security of the United States.    Mr. Cicilline. Thank you.    I thank you, Mr. Chairman. I yield back.