    Mr. Donovan . I apologize to our witnesses and our guests. We just finished voting. Chairman Smith had another obligation. So my name is Dan Donovan. I'm a member of the Committee on Foreign Affairs and a member of the Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and International Organizatons and I'll be conducting the hearing.    Let me introduce our first panel of witnesses. Ambassador Bruce Wharton, United States Department of State. Ambassador Bruce Wharton joined the African Bureau as Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary in December 2015.    In his last assignment he served as the U.S. Ambassador to Zimbabwe from September 2012 to November 2015. He has served in several other positions with the African Bureau and in the Bureau of International Information Programs.    Ambassador Wharton entered the Foreign Services in 1985 and has served in U.S. Embassies in Argentina, Chile, Bolivia, South Africa, Guatemala, and Zimbabwe. In Africa he has also worked in Tanzania, Nigeria, Kenya, and Ghana.    Mr. Thomas Staal is currently the acting Assistant Administrator for the Bureau of Democracy, Conflict, and Humanitarian Assistance at USAID.    He has worked for USAID since 1988, beginning in Sudan as an emergency program officer, and has worked in the USAID regional office in Kenya managing food aid and project development throughout eastern and southern Africa.    Most recently, Mr. Staal served as the USAID Mission Director in Ethiopia. Before joining USAID he worked with World Vision as their country representative in Sudan.    Our third panelist is Mr. Steven Feldstein, U.S. Department of State. He is a Deputy Assistant Secretary of State in the Bureau of Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor where his primary responsibility is for work in Africa on international labor affairs and international religious freedom.    Previously, Mr. Feldstein served as the director of the Office of Policy in the Bureau of Policy, Planning, and Learning at USAID and served as counsel on the Senate Committee on Foreign Relations where he oversaw a portfolio that included oversight over all U.S. foreign assistance agencies, budgets and programs, State Department management and operations, and international organizations.    I welcome all our panelists today and I thank you for your testimony you're about to give. So we'll start. Mr. Wharton, if you would give your remarks for the 5 minutes, Ambassador. Thank you very much.    Ambassador Wharton. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman, and members of the subcommittee, for the opportunity to testify today on democracy support strategies for Africa.    While the people and governments of Africa have made significant strides in recent years, they and we must still address the challenges associated with the closing of political space in certain countries.    Over the next few minutes I would like to talk about both the progress that's been made and where more work still remains to be done.    Our country has long been committed across administrations and party lines to partnering with the people and governments of Africa to promote democracy, human rights, and good governance.    Strengthening democratic institutions is in fact the first pillar of President Obama's 2012 Presidential Policy Directive for Africa.    Now, in the past year there have been political openings and electoral successes in countries ranging in size from Cape Verde to Nigeria and including Burkina Faso, Senegal and Benin.    I have had the honor of being part of U.S. delegations to several of the recent Presidential inaugurations. An election itself, though, is neither the beginning nor the end of democratic process.    Even the democratically-elected leader may choose to ignore term limits, may manipulate the electoral process for personal advantage or may impose restrictions that impede opposition.    We face such situations in Burundi, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, the Republic of the Congo, Rwanda, and Uganda, just to name a few. It's vital that the United States stay the course with policies and programs that foster democracy in the long run, no matter how great the challenge.    And democracy does not happen overnight. Instability, insecurity, corruption, and inequality stand in the way and that is why we must engage in aggressive diplomatic and assistance efforts to help resolve conflicts, implement peace agreements, support elections, and preserve democratic space and we have seen some successes.    In the Central African Republic, for example, the recent peaceful election of President Touadera and the continuing democratic transition are positive steps. But sustained international attention is essential to ending the cycle of violence and helping create long-term stability.    We are helping to build CAR's judicial structure including development of its special criminal court. We are focusing on community-level peace and reconciliation and expanding access to justice through legal training and mobile courts.    Nigeria's 2015 elections were historic not just for sub-Saharan Africa's most populous country and largest economy but for the entire continent.    We work very hard up front at the highest levels of the administration to impress upon all parties the need for an election that was free, fair, credible, and peaceful and this is what Nigeria delivered.    People showed up early to vote, stayed late to ensure their votes were counted, and ultimately elected a new government. This was the first peaceful democratic transfer of power to an opposition party in Nigeria in history and U.S.-Nigerian relations are stronger today than they have been in many years.    Now we stand ready to support the commitments Nigeria made this month at the UK Anti-Corruption Summit on issues such as beneficial ownership, fiscal and tax transparency, asset recovery and open contracting.    Opportunities and challenges abound. No fewer than 16 African countries have national elections this year. We will continue to support regular democratic transitions of power and speak out against those in power who seek to change constitutions to extend their own tenure.    Regular democratic transitions provide opportunities for Africans to participate in the political process and hold their governments accountable while contributing to the stability across the continent.    Transparent and credible elections help prevent feelings of injustice and alienation that can lead some to extremism and violence. In advance of elections, we support programs to counter violence and promote reconciliation, working with leaders from diverse political, religious, and ethnic groups to promote tolerance, respect, and reform. It is clear that those investments pay dividends.    We greatly appreciate the subcommittee's recognition of the fundamental importance of democracy in Africa and again ask your help in supporting our relevant funding requests.    We are working to ensure that the fiscal 2016 allocations for democracy, rights, and governance in Africa reflect the most strategic allocation of scarce resources. We know the challenges are great but believe that the comprehensive approach we are pursuing is making progress and this will ultimately benefit the people of the United States as well as the people of Africa.    Thank you, and I look forward to your questions.    Mr. Donovan. Thank you, Ambassador.    Mr. Staal, the Chair recognizes you for your opening statement.    Mr. Donovan. Thank you very much for your opening statement, Mr. Staal.    The Chair recognizes Mr. Feldstein for an opening statement.    Mr. Donovan. Thank you for your statement, Mr. Feldstein.    Before I ask my questions I'd also like to recognize the opposition leaders from the Democratic Republic of the Congo who are with us here today. Welcome.    I'll begin the questioning by asking maybe Ambassador Wharton, the United States has strategic interest in Africa and sometimes they seem to overcome the commitments to democracy in various countries.    How can there be a consistency in U.S. policy for democracy in Africa if strategic countries aren't sanctioned for violations and at times less strategic countries are sanctioned for the same behavior?    Ambassador Wharton. Thank you for that question, Mr. Chairman.    It is a difficult balance. We have to pursue in one moment though a broad variety of our interests and concerns in Africa and I believe that in countries where we have an bimportant security relationship could include Uganda, could include Rwanda, could include Ethiopia.    We can actually use that opening--the points of contact and the points of discussion on security--as a means of raising our broader concerns about human rights, citizen rights, rule of law, electoral process. So we need to be able to pursue these things simultaneously.    But as I said, it does require a balanced nuanced approach.    Mr. Donovan. One question, Ambassador.    Do the countries give us any reasons for these violations? Do they violate their own agreements with us or their own constitutions when it's brought to their attention?    Ambassador Wharton. One of the characteristics that I have noticed among certain African leaders is this huge emphasis on stability and what I believe is a mistaken assumption that lack of change equals stability.    But in a country like the DRC, for example, that has a terrible history of bloodshed and violence, I think that there is at least among some of the current leadership the idea that maintaining things under control and maintaining stability is the best way to ensure progress into the future.    Again, I think that's a mistaken assumption and that's one of the talking points--one of the messages that we seek to relay to counterparts in countries like the DRC. We do believe that the democratic process which, of course, is much more than elections, is the surest way toward bringing citizens into political life and ensuring progress and stability.    Mr. Donovan. Thank you, sir.    Mr. Staal, I'd like to ask, in the omnibus bill that we passed last year, Congress legislated that USAID shall implement civil society and political competition and consensus-building programs abroad in a manner that recognizes the unique benefits of grants and cooperation agreements.    To what extent has USAID followed this mandate to date?    Mr. Donovan. Thank you. The clock hasn't started so I don't know if my time is nearly up. So let me just ask Mr. Feldstein a question before we move on.    You mentioned providing funding for election observations in IRI and NDI. Since the wave of democracy in the 1990s fewer U.S. election observer missions have been supported.    How critical are these observation missions at this point since it's been reported that there's a backsliding on democratic election process in many African countries?    Mr. Donovan. Thank you very much. My time has had to have expired by now. The Chair now recognizes the ranking member of the subcommittee, my friend, Congresswoman Bass.    Mr. Donovan. Thank you, Congresswoman Bass.    Now I turn to my friend from Florida, the gentleman Mr. Clawson.    Mr. Donovan. Thank you, sir.    The Chair recognizes Mr. Merloe for a 5-minute opening statement.    Mr. Donovan. Thank you, Mr. Merloe.    The Chair now recognizes Mr. Tomaszewski for a 5-minute opening statement.    Mr. Donovan. Thank you, Mr. Tomaszewski.    The Chair now recognizes Mr. Akuetteh for an opening statement.    Mr. Donovan. Thank you, sir.    I'm going to allow myself 5 minutes. I promised the witnesses and I promised my friend from California we'd be out of here by 5 o'clock. So allow me 5 minutes.    Mr. Nackerdien, you answered both of my questions that I had for you during your testimony. Either you read my notes or you were incredibly well prepared. So please don't be excited that I don't ask you a question. I had two questions for you. You answered both of them. Thank you.    No reflection on you, Mr. Merloe. I do have a question for you. It means that you didn't address it in your testimony. You talked about inclusiveness and I was concerned about women and minority ethnic groups that are being marginalized in many elections on the continent today.    Is progress being made in the area, particularly for women?    Mr. Donovan. Thank you, sir.    Mr. Tomaszewski, I don't know if it was in your written testimony or your oral testimony. You were talking about 7 in 10 Africans in about 28 different countries view the elections as either completely fair, fair, or fair with only minor problems.    Is their perception correct and if it is that's great. If it's not, why do you think their perception is that way?    Mr. Donovan. Thank you, sir.    Mr. Akuetteh, your country has a special place in my heart. My mother passed away last month and for the last 4 years of her life she was cared for in her home by a woman from Ghana who treated my mother as if she were her own.    So I just wanted to ask you, you spoke about the peaceful transfer of power in many of your elections. I believe you said the last two elections. Ghana seems unique in that sense.    There's others, I think, that you all mentioned. I'm hanging around with the people from Mississippi too much. I just said you all. But it seems that Ghana is unique in that facet of the elections. Why do you think that is?    Mr. Donovan. Thank you, sir.    American voters hold up a finger too but it's not their thumb. The Chair recognizes the ranking member from California, Congresswoman Bass.    Mr. Donovan. Thank you, Ranking Member Bass. I'd like to thank our panelists for your presence today, for your testimony and for your honest answers to our questions. I'd ask all our visitors at the conclusion of the hearing to clear the room. They need the room for another event that's coming, following right behind us.    This subcommittee having no further business, this hearing is now adjourned.