    Mr. McKinley. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And thank you again for coming before us.    In the last week, during the break, I returned to West Virginia and was on overload of negative information coming at us in West Virginia. The first newspaper I got when I got back there was, dark day for miners. They just announced that 2,268 coalmining jobs were lost. 2,268 families now are looking for jobs as a result of this mining--then soon thereafter we got another power plant closed down, the Kammer Power Plant. Even though FERC has said that--and they have testified before us--the concern that they have is that we are going to have rolling blackouts in the Midwest if we don't start replacing these power plants, but we are continuing to shut these power plants down. And then there was another one that went on to say, just in one community, one small community, they are going to lose $61 million in wages as a result of this.    So I am dealing with all of this crisis. When you add the additional losses, these 2,268, now we are up to--and I believe the chairman mentioned it earlier today, that we have now lost in West Virginia 45 percent of our coalminers are unemployed since 2012. Just in 3 years. Three years 45 percent of our coalminers are looking for work.    Now, last Friday I met with the Coal Association and I could see there, they said there is going to be further contraction as a result of what policies that are happening nationally. So they are very concerned about what is going on with it. This loss of the Kammer and other power plants, it challenges, you well know, the grid stability that we have, this dependability. It also goes beyond that, and that is what about property taxes, what about the local income tax that people are going to pay? You can take away the power plant but now you are affecting the schools, you are affecting how a community operates with this happening.    So my first question of two questions would be to the coal industry to reverse this decline?    Mr. McKinley. Well, but keep in mind too, Mr. Secretary, you know that coalminers average age is going to be in their 50s. What are we going to retrain them--my second question, since I didn't--and, unfortunately, you don't have a quick answer either----    Mr. McKinley . On this as to how to stop the----    Mr. McKinley . Hemorrhaging. But the second question, so if you are sitting in the kitchen with this 55-year-old that just lost his job, he has been working 30 years in a coalmine, what do you tell him?    Mr. McKinley . Really lost their job----    Mr. McKinley. So in the 2 what do we tell him?    Mr. McKinley. He has a mortgage payment----    Mr. McKinley . He has a healthcare bill, what are we doing for him?    Mr. McKinley. Thank you, Mr. Secretary.