    Mr. Thompson. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Dr. Beckham, Ambassador, thank you so much for being here. This is a gravely important topic. There is a lot at risk if we don't properly prepare, obviously.    Dr. Beckham, the numbers that you shared in America how we are blessed with affordable food, 6.4 percent versus a range of 11 to 47 percent; 9.2 percent of our jobs, $1 trillion business, a huge part of our gross domestic product. There is a lot at risk from many perspectives there, on all fronts.    Dr. Beckham, the most recent ag listening session I did, I was with a group of producers. We spent a morning talking about their issues, concerns, hearing what was on their mind, and they identified basically what they saw as some threats, obviously, to food security or food insecurity. Workforce was on there, regulations was on there. They talked about what it is like to be a producer and to have a regulation you have to follow, and the guidance you are given is 1,000 pages from USDA. And then, of course, bioterrorism came up as well.    Now, you have shared some recommendations to deal with the agro-terrorism. What I see is the food integrity perspective for food safety, and really some good things. Incentivize interdisciplinary work, better centralized coordination, better surveillance and education. I wanted to run by you one of the solutions that these producers shared with me, to get your thoughts on. It was more frontline, actually, but it was to see more of a presence through our extension program, which I am a huge fan of extension. There aren't many places where we have an agent that is really focused with an expertise on food safety or integrity, and to have that--now, that is really a boots on the ground level, but somebody to be there to counsel, to advise, to guide producers around these food safety and what I would call food integrity issues. I wanted to get your thoughts on what these folks had suggested.    Mr. Thompson. Very good. Thank you. I was a proud graduate of another land-grant university, Penn State University. I couldn't agree more.    Ambassador, the sixth trend you mentioned was energy prices, the impacts on production costs and diverting more crops for fuel. In your view, what ways might this issue be addressed by Congress?    Mr. Thompson. In your testimony, you had referenced the importance of research, and research, obviously, in agriculture and agricultural issues through our land-grant universities. So I want to sort of revisit with you what I talked with Dr. Beckham about. What do you see the role of research or land-grant universities when it comes to food security? How important is that, what role should it play?    Mr. Thompson. Thank you.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    The Chairman. The gentleman's time has expired.    Mr. Allen, for 5 minutes.