    Mr. Zywicki. Thank you, Chairman Hensarling, Ranking Member Waters, and members of the committee. I am a scholar of consumer credit, a former FTC senior staffer, and as a result, I was especially disappointed that Dodd-Frank had squandered an opportunity to modernize our financial consumer protection system, to a regime that would promote competition, consumer choice, and innovation.    If you look back at the record over the past 5 years, instead Dodd-Frank has substituted the judgment of Washington bureaucrats for American families with respect to the financial products that will make their lives better; thrown a blanket of uniformity over the consumer credit market, strangling innovation and crushing community banks; raised prices; and reduced consumer choice with respect to financial services.    And by reducing access to financial services, and because many small businesses use personal credit in their own businesses, it has dampened the economic growth and recovery. And I think most tragic of all, Dodd-Frank has done little to increase consumer protection for American families, but by driving millions of consumers out of the mainstream financial system, and into the hands of payday lenders, check cashers, pawn brokers, and all of the other alternative financial providers, it has actually made life worse for the most vulnerable members of society.    At the heart of Dodd-Frank was the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, which is both the most powerful and unaccountable bureaucracy in American history, with the ability to regulate virtually every consumer credit product under vague and poorly defined standards.    If we look at the track record of the CFPB, and the way in which Dodd-Frank has been implemented, we see a sweeping amount of damage to American families as a result of this law.    First, Dodd-Frank has destroyed free checking for millions of Americans. Prior to Dodd-Frank, 76 percent of Americans had access to free checking; since Dodd-Frank was enacted, that number has fallen to 38 percent. Bank fees have doubled as a result of Dodd-Frank, driving approximately a million, if not more, consumers out of bank accounts and into the alternative financial sector.    With respect to credit cards, by interfering with the ability of credit card issuers to accurately price their risk, it is estimated that 275 million credit card accounts were closed, and $1.7 trillion in credit lines were eliminated, and again, those who bore the brunt of this were the lowest income consumers. According to the Federal Reserve, the number of--lowest quintile households with credit cards fell by 11 percentage points in the period since Dodd-Frank was enacted, taking credit cards out of the hands of American families, and forcing them to turn to payday loans and other alternatives to try to pay the rent, and to try to prevent eviction.    With respect to mortgages, Dodd-Frank has raised the cost and risk of lending, and continued to slow the housing recovery and access to mortgages.    Yet by doing nothing about downpayments and many of the other factors that led to the financial crisis, Dodd-Frank is doing little to prevent the next financial crisis.    Perhaps most notably, Dodd-Frank's rules, by throwing this blanket of uniformity and bureaucratic underwriting over the mortgage market, have driven community banks out of the mortgage market. According to a Mercatus study, for instance, 64 percent of community banks have changed their mortgage offerings as a result of Dodd-Frank and the CFPB, and by creating this new de facto plain vanilla rule, they have eliminated the ability of community banks to compete on what they do best, which is relationship lending.    One other area I would like to flag is this extraordinary data mining operation that the CFPB has undertaken with respect with consumer data. While--and perhaps this evidence is best, the dangers of creating a super unaccountable bureaucracy like the CFPB that--and the sort of egregious behavior that this leads to. For those not familiar with this, it is estimated that the CFPB is routinely scooping up 600 million credit card accounts, 22 million mortgages, and 5\1/2\ million student loans, all without the knowledge and consent of American consumers.    And that is still not enough. They want 95 percent of credit card accounts. According to one estimate, this is 70,000 percent more data than the CFPB needs in order to effectuate its regulatory purposes. This is especially worrisome in light of the fact that the Director of the CFPB himself has admitted that this data could be reverse engineered in the light of recent data breaches at the IRS, OPM, and elsewhere.    Thank you.    Mr. Zywicki. I would focus on immigration reform as well as fixing Dodd-Frank. And I totally agree with the idea of more immigration. Legal immigration for highly skilled workers is undeniably, in my view, a boon to the American economy, in my own personal opinion.    Mr. Zywicki. What the study shows--what we know about it--according to a paper in, I think 2009, by Tom Durkin, a former Federal Reserve economist, he documents the number of small businesses that rely on personal credit in order to start and grow their businesses--credit cards, home equity loans, and even in my own research auto title loans, things like that.    And that people rely on these--for these kitchen table businesses, landscaping businesses, handyman businesses. They use their own personal credit to do this and he--and I don't remember the exact estimate, but he documented the fact that drying up access to personal credit would damage small business growth and creation.    The Brookings study that I point to notes that for, I think it was 2 years ago for the first time in American history, more businesses were destroyed than were created. That is what that Brookings study shows and a lack of access of consumer credit for small businesses I think is undeniably a contributor to that.    Mr. Zywicki. I would strongly endorse that legislation, which is that the fundamental problems of the CFPB go back to this fundamental defect in the way in which it is structured, which is no budgetary appropriations, a single director supposedly removable only for a cause. We have decades of academic studies on bureaucracies and how bureaucracies behave when they are not subject to Democratic accountability and the CFPB is basically a poster child for how that operates.    So I think over time we have learned that there are two ways that we can structure agencies, as an executive agency like a department accountable to the President through the democratic process, or a bipartisan agency. And I think for an entity like this, the Federal Trade Commission is exactly the model we need. The Federal Trade Commission has been around for 100 years. It is a bipartisan agency, on budget, and it does more or less exactly the same thing as the CFPB.    And I think that the FTC has proven the test of time as an agency that is responsive, that takes into account the impact on the economy, questions like competition and consumer choice with respect to any product. And I think that is not only a good idea for this agency, but really the only way that we are going to get this agency back on track and really looking out for the American consumers rather than their own narrow bureaucratic empire-building.    Mr. Zywicki. Absolutely. It is the engine for the economy first. But more important to me, it is the engine by which people make their lives better. It is the way--if you need--you cannot wish away the need for credit. If you need $500 to fix your transmission to get to work on Monday or you lose your job, you need $500 regardless of whether you have it in the bank or not.    People use consumer credit to make their lives better. And when we shut off access to consumer credit, when we take credit cards out of people's hands, when we take bank accounts out of people's hands, when we take mortgages out of people's hands, we are making their lives worse. And I think that is a real tragedy not only for the economy at large but for every single American family.    Mr. Zywicki. Right. As I mentioned before, back when I was doing the work, I don't think there were any divided bipartisan lines on rulemaking. And that just shows that I think there was a lot of give-and-take between the different sides.    Mr. Zywicki. I don't think I have anything to add other than it seems obvious to me that you are correct.    Mr. Zywicki. What we know is that you can't wish away the need for credit. We have known that forever. But we have tried that in the past where we tried usury ceilings, that sort of thing, and we know how that ends.    So in the 1970s or in 1968, the United States Senate did a report and they found that the second largest revenue source of the Mafia was loan sharking.    When Anthony ``Fat Tony'' Salerno, the head of the Genovese crime family was indicted for loan sharking and breaking people's legs in 1973, he was running $80 million a day on the streets of New York City. Why? Because we had a regulatory regime that pretended like people didn't need credit.    We are reliving this in fast motion really. We have taken away credit cards. We have taken away bank accounts. People still need money. They are going to check cashers, they are going to payday lenders, and of course, the next thing we see in the sights are they going after the payday lenders.    And we know what happens when we take away payday loans, people bounce checks, people get evicted, people get their utilities terminated.    Mr. Zywicki. Thank you, sir.    Mr. Zywicki. Not that I have seen, but these gentleman may know better than I.    Mr. Zywicki. I don't have anything more to add than what Mark said.    Mr. Zywicki. I cited that because--    Mr. Zywicki. No. I wasn't aware, but--    Mr. Zywicki. I am not aware of that.    Mr. Zywicki. I do know the terms because I know those data are accurate, because I have seen similar numbers elsewhere and I just cited that as the most immediate data on hand.    Mr. Zywicki. No. I didn't know that.    Mr. Zywicki. No.    Mr. Zywicki. No. But the data is out there and the data has been reported elsewhere. That was just the most recent source.    Mr. Zywicki. I agree with all of that, which is, big banks are getting bigger, and smaller banks are getting crushed. We have done nothing to deal with the incentives that consumers have to walk away from homes that are underwater such as requiring higher downpayments, doing the State anti-deficiency laws. And we are seeing exactly the same phenomenon we saw earlier.    And I don't want to overlook something that Dr. Calabria mentioned early, which is, the fuel that drove this fire was the Federal Reserve's crazy monetary policy from 2001 to 2004 and thereabouts. And we are doing exactly the same thing now and we are inflating another bubble probably in the housing market in a lot of areas.    Mr. Zywicki. I would make the CFPB into a bipartisan commission and put it on budget, and remove its role in safety and soundness checks.    Mr. Zywicki. I agree completely which is we have known for decades that regulatory structures fall harder as small businesses. What we have done is created this monolith, this huge regulatory structure then imposed at our community banks who obviously didn't cause the problem here.    And just the regulatory compliance cost is killing these businesses, not to mention, as I said, on products such as mortgages. It has gotten rid of their competitive advantage, which is relationship lending and sort of knowing about their customers. And so it is absolutely, in my view, accelerated consolidation of financial industry and further destabilized the financial system.    Mr. Zywicki. It is hard to see how and it isn't just that they are exiting the mortgage market, as I said, 64 percent of community banks said they have changed their mortgages because of Dodd-Frank, 15 percent said they completely exited or are considering exiting the market, and 70-plus percent have said that the cost and everything has changed the way that they do business.    I don't see how in the current regime they can possibly survive under that sort of regime, and I think it was perfectly summarized by the bank you reference which is that their customer now is the Federal Government, not their customers.    They are looking over their shoulder constantly rather than looking at the person across the desk from them and I think that is terrible. I will add one other thing, it is not just mortgages, it is also, according to the Kennedy study, agriculture loans.    These big banks aren't going out to rural communities and making agricultural loans and that sort of thing. These community banks serve an important function in the American banking ecosystem, a lot of consumers prefer it, and I think it is a shame that they are being competed out of the market not because they can't--because they just aren't allowed to compete on a fair footing because of the regulatory cost.    Mr. Zywicki. That is obviously what we are seeing, that they are being forced to--they are either disappearing or being forced to merge and it is an unbelievably ironic consequence of Dodd-Frank that the big banks are getting bigger. That we are getting more consolidation of the banking system when the whole idea was to get rid of too-big-to-fail. The big banks are getting bigger.    Mr. Zywicki. Absolutely. And we hear those stories from all over the country.    Mr. Zywicki. Thank you, Congressman Williams, because I think this example of what they are doing with the auto dealers is one of the most egregious examples of regulatory empire building I have ever seen.    Dodd-Frank makes it very clear that they can't regulate auto dealers, and so instead what they have done is essentially strong-armed indirect auto lenders and they essentially forced them to become arms of the Federal Government to enforce this agenda. What is this agenda? It is an agenda that has been written about extensively which is sort of disparate impact on steroids.    There is an amazing study that the American Financial Services Association published by Marsha Courchane which uses as Bayesian Improved Surname Geocoding and whatever the term is to try to identify the so called plaintiffs and it is a joke. It has no verifiability in doing it. They finally entered into this settlement for Allied under who knows what conditions and they don't have any real--they don't actually have any victims.    They have statistical victims. They have created this claim form that seems to be completely on the honor system where people don't have to prove they were overcharged, they don't have to prove anything, they can just write in and get some money.    And so maybe the CFPB is going to distribute money to people, but there is no indication that they are distributing to actual victims of discriminatory practices.    Mr. Zywicki. No. I don't see that.    Mr. Zywicki. No. I don't see any indication it does.    Mr. Zywicki. I don't see that either.    Mr. Zywicki. I think that would definitely increase the responsiveness and the ability of the CFPB to do its job. Which is, too much independence, just bureaucrats left to their own devices, do their thing, right? What we have learned over time is that checks and balances actually work, that Congress' role in being able to control the power of the purse and actually supervise with some strength over executive agencies, makes the agencies better for the consumers.    Mr. Zywicki. I agree completely, which is I actually agree with the idea of having one agency that would regulate consumer credit.    I don't think the old system did work. I thought we could have just given it to the FTC, if we don't, we should model it after the FTC, and I have written a long law review article where I urge exactly what you are suggesting, Congressman Barr, which is combining a mission of competition and consumer protection and understand the consumer's benefits not just from consumer protection narrowly defined but also from innovation, competition, choice, lower prices and all those sort of things.    Mr. Zywicki. I think--    Mr. Zywicki. I think American families are a much better judge of what financial products are appropriate for their lives than Washington bureaucrats. And I think that consumers unquestionably benefit when they get to choose the institution or the products that they think will make them better off.    Mr. Zywicki. Absolutely. Yes, as we have mentioned, we do see community banks shrinking, we see community banks retrenching in the products that they are offering. Some leaving very important--completely leaving very important market such as mortgages, simply because they can't deal with the regulatory costs associated with Dodd-Frank.    Mr. Zywicki. Consumer choices unquestionably decreased, and I must disagree with the Congressman from Massachusetts, Congressman Capuano, who started to ridicule the idea that consumers are now paying--the consumers who have lost access to free checking are paying higher bank fees.    We are talking about a million people who lost bank accounts because now they have to pay for bank accounts that used to be free. Those are the poorest, the most vulnerable Americans who were thrown out of the banking system because they couldn't afford to pay the higher accounts.    And whether it is higher rates on credit, less access to credit cards, less access to mortgages, or less access to home equity loans, across-the-board, we have seen consumer choice restricted and prices have gone up and consumers have been made worse off as a result.    Mr. Zywicki. Absolutely, yes.    Mr. Zywicki. Yes.    Mr. Zywicki. Absolutely. And we see that especially with the disappearance of free checking. Upper-middle-class people, for instance, haven't really noticed that. But it is low-income people who are the ones who can't afford these fees, who can't afford the higher minimum monthly balances to be able to get free checking.    They are the ones who are losing it. It is also these same people who have lost access to credit cards over the past years. It is the same people who can't get access to mortgages. Disproportionately, it is lower income people who are bearing the brunt of Dodd-Frank.