    Mr. Heck. Thank you, Mr. Chair.    And thank you, Secretary, for being here.    I represent the Clark County School District in southern Nevada, which is the fifth-largest school district in the country, which presents its own unique challenges. But one of the bright spots that we have is our career and technical education programs, which provide for very engaged students, passionate teachers, and much higher graduation rates than the general population.    CTE has that ``hold harmless'' provision in it that was based on 1998 funding levels, which disproportionately impact States that experienced rapid growth, like Nevada, in the ensuing 18 years. A prior budget proposal would have shifted money from CTE to another program, which would have then invoked the ``hold harmless'' provision. I was glad that proposal was not followed and has not reappeared. But I remain concerned about that provision.    Can you tell me what ideas you have to ensure adequate and equitable distribution of CTE funding to all States based on current populations and need?    Mr. Heck. I appreciate your willingness to work with me on that.    Also, last year I introduced a bipartisan Simplifying the Application for Student Aid Act with Reps. Roe, Polis, and Pocan. The important legislation would require the Secretary of Education to allow students to use their tax information from 2 years prior to fill out their FAFSA earlier. That would provide a quicker response to students and therefore give them more time to make important decisions about their college education.    Last year, the Department announced that it would use its current authority to allow students to use that older data. While, obviously, I agree with the concept and will continue advocating for it, I'm concerned that the transition year, where the same income year will determine two award years, will cause confusion for students and burden for institutions.    Can you clarify for me how you will treat conflicting information during the transition and explain when you will provide schools with the detailed instructions for how to do so given the October 1 implementation date?    Mr. Heck. Thank you very much.