    Mr. MOULTON. Thank you, Chairman Radewagen, for holding this important hearing. Thank you also to our witnesses, especially Cassie Gray, a small business owner who traveled from Massachusetts to be here today. Creative entrepreneurs like Cassie make our economy stronger, and we need their input to ensure the laws we make are working for every day Americans.    There is no question that technology has changed every facet of the American economy. Think about it. Only a few years ago it would be hard to imagine how much we could accomplish from a device that fits comfortably in our pockets. This hearing comes at an appropriate time. Research shows that entrepreneurship among Americans is declining, an alarming trend. In her testimony, Ms. Gray describes the Etsy platform as a ``onramp to entrepreneurship.'' For our economy to truly improve, we need more onramps to entrepreneurship, and technology, like mobile apps, can help lead the way.    Today, entrepreneurs are building entire business models around smartphone applications. New forms of commerce are emerging daily as the web becomes an increasingly mobile platform. Small business owners use social networks, like Facebook, Instagram, and Twitter, to market their products. Americans now use smartphones, tablets, and other handheld devices to do everything from ordering groceries to booking travel arrangements, to sharing photos, to monitoring their health and fitness. Our economy is stronger and more efficient as a result of these innovations.    Not only are entrepreneurs developing innovative apps, but more traditional businesses are harnessing wireless technology to reach new markets and serve existing customers more efficiently. Nearly two-thirds of small businesses now say it would be difficult to continue operating without the use of wireless technology. Thirty percent of firms with fewer than 20 employees utilize mobile applications as part of their business model, and small companies are saving 275 million employee hours a year through the innovative uses of wireless technology.    As mobile web platforms become more integral to the American economy, Congress, the FCC, and other agencies will encounter a number of regulatory challenges that must be addressed. As Cassie will demonstrate in her testimony, one of the most basic challenges is ensuring widespread access to broadband. Today, the Federal Communications Commission reports that 95 percent of small firms have broadband connectivity. This constitutes important progress but more work must be done. In particular, there remains a significant gap between rural areas like western Massachusetts and large cities.    Ensuring universal broadband access is vital to promoting commerce. In that regard, programs like the Rural Utility Service and the Universal Service Fund will remain critical to economic development in traditionally underserved communities. This Committee has an important role to play in ensuring that as those initiatives evolve and are reformed, the needs of small and micro businesses are kept in mind.    Entrepreneurship and innovation are two traditions that have always made our country an economic leader. That remains the case today as small businesses are on the leading edge of developing new apps and utilizing them to expand their market share and find new efficiencies. As always, this Committee has an important role to play in ensuring that policy changes in this area provide the appropriate degree of regulation and consumer protection, while allowing the space for maximum amount of innovation and growth.    Before I close my remarks, I want to take a moment to acknowledge another witness, Patty Greene. Ms. Greene is the academic director of the Goldman Sachs 10,000 Small Business Program at Babson College in Massachusetts. This program has benefitted small business owners throughout the country, throughout Massachusetts, and throughout the Sixth District. It is wonderful to have her with us here today.    On that note, I would like to thank all the witnesses for being here to share their valuable perspectives, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Chairwoman RADEWAGEN. I would like to take a moment to explain the timing lights for you. You will each have five minutes to deliver your testimony. The light will start out as green. When you have one minute remaining, the light will turn yellow. Finally, it will turn red at the end of your five minutes. I ask that you try to adhere to that time limit.    Our first witness this morning is Morgan Reed, executive director at ACT, The App Association, where he specializes in application development issues. Mr. Reed has testified in both the House and Senate chambers, and has authored several white papers on app development. He also serves on the Advisory Council of the Mobile Health Information Management Systems Society.    Our next witness is Dr. Patricia Greene. Dr. Greene is the Paul T. Babson chair in Entrepreneurial Studies at Babson College. Before joining Babson, she chaired entrepreneurial and leadership programs at the University of Missouri, Kansas City, and Rutgers University. She is also a member of the National Advisory Board for the Small Business Administration's Small Business Development Center.    Next, we have David Barrett, the founder of Expensify, a complete online expense management service. He started programming when he was six-years old, and it has been his primary activity ever since. With a brief hiatus for project management, technical writing, and world travel.    Finally, we have Ms. Cassie Gray, owner of ShopClementine, an Etsy shop that she runs out of her home in Massachusetts. Ms. Gray creates minimalist jewelry using recycled silver, reclaimed gold, and gemstones, and diamonds. What started as a hobby has developed into a nine-year-long career through online sales. Ms. Gray, thank you for being with us today.    Mr. Reed, you have five minutes.    Mr. MOULTON. Thank you, Chairman.    Ms. Gray, what can Congress do to help promote the development of apps for small business?    Mr. MOULTON. Thank you very much.    Mr. Reed, would you like to add some comments?    Mr. MOULTON. Thank you very much.    Mr. Barrett, I am a former Expensify user myself. I ran a small business before running for Congress. I appreciate it. You certainly made things a lot easier for us as we were trying to get our company off the ground.    Mr. MOULTON. You mentioned immigration reform. I wonder if you could comment on that and what a difference it would make and why you feel it is important to the small business economy.    Mr. MOULTON. Great. Thank you.    And Dr. Greene, would you be willing to add to that and offer your own perspective on the value of immigration reform, or whether it is valuable or not, frankly, to small businesses?    Mr. MOULTON. Thank you very much.    Thank you all very much for appearing before the Committee and for testifying. I certainly have learned a lot, and I yield the balance of my time.    Chairwoman RADEWAGEN. I want to thank all of the witnesses for taking time away from their businesses and families to participate in today's hearing.    I now ask unanimous consent that members have five legislative days to submit statements and supporting materials for the record.    Without objection, so ordered.    This hearing is now adjourned.