    Mr. Olson . The gentleman's time has expired. The Chair recognizes the ranking member of the full committee, Mr. Pallone from New Jersey for 5 minutes.    Mr. Olson. The gentleman's time has expired the. The Chair uses the privilege of the vice chairman to recognize himself for 5 minutes.    And a hearty Texas welcome to Ms. Miller, Mr. McGuire, Ms. Noll, Mr. Cosgriff, Mr. Eckman, and Mr. Yurek. In the interest of time I have one question about air conditioning.    Southeast Texas, my home, exists in a climate we call 95, 95. From early April to late September, it is 95 degrees Fahrenheit with 95 percent humidity. Until 1902 the only jobs in that region were picking cotton and guarding prisoners in big State prisons, that provided very, very slow low growth. And then Willis Carrier invented the air conditioner in 1902. That single invention, combined with oil being discovered at Spindletop, in 1901 in Beaumont, and the 51 mile Houston ship channel being built, has put Houston on track to be the Nation's third largest city some time this decade.    Federal actions affecting air conditioning gets the attention of all Texans. Especially if two Federal agents are in conflict. We are seeing that situation now right now with air conditioners. DOE is demanding higher efficiency standards for air conditioners, while EPA is banning certain refrigerants and foam blowing agents from being used in air conditioners.    My only question is for you Mr. McGuire and you Mr. Yurek, Mr. Yurek first, can companies comply with these conflicting standards, can they comply with these, what are the challenges?    Mr. Olson. The big guys thrive, the small guys go away. Mr. McGuire, you thoughts? Can they survive, can they work with these conflicting regulations from different departments?    Mr. Olson. Follow-up question, sir, do you believe the Obama administration is meeting their own goals set with the executive orders to minimum the cumulative impact of these regulations? These burdensome regulations, they said let's make that lower. Does this achieve that or is this in violation of that?    Mr. Olson. Mr. Yurek, you thoughts, sir?    Mr. Olson. Thank you, my time is expired. One word of warning, don't mess with Texas air conditioners.    The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California, Mr. McNerney for 5 minutes.    Mr. Olson. The gentleman's time has expired the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Ohio, Mr. Latta, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Olson. The gentleman's time has expired. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Vermont Mr. Welch for 5 minutes.    Mr. Olson. The gentleman's time has expired. I am sorry, sir. We have to move on with votes coming up.    I recognize the gentleman from West Virginia, Mr. McKinley for 5 minutes.    Mr. Olson. The gentleman's time has expired. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York, Mr. Tonko, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Olson. I am sorry, the gentleman's time is expired. We have votes coming up, my friends so make it quick. I recognize the gentleman from Missouri, Mr. Long for 5 minutes.    Mr. Olson. The gentleman yields back. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from North Carolina, Mr. Hudson for 5 minutes.    Mr. Olson. The gentleman yields back. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Ohio, Mr. Johnson, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Olson. We thank the gentleman from Ohio.    The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oklahoma, Mr. Mullin for 5 minutes.    Mr. Olson. The gentleman's time is expired.    Mr. Olson. Thank you. Seeing no further witnesses seeking time, the Chair asks unanimous consent to enter for the record a multitude of statements on this subject matter from a number of agencies and concerned citizens.    Without objection, so ordered.    In closing, the Chair wants to thank all the witnesses for your time and expertise and your insights as to how to use hair blow dryers to dry dishes in the dishwasher.    The Chair reminds the members you have 5 legislative days to submit questions for the record and statements, EORs, statements for the record. Without objection, this hearing is adjourned.