    Mr. Pallone. Thank you, Mr. Chairman and also Ranking Member Eshoo. And thank you to all five commissioners for testifying today.    Anyone who thought the FCC would slow down this year certainly underestimated the agency. The Commission has teed up an impressive number of important issues, including the incentive auction set to launch next week. The auction counts as one of the most ambitious efforts the agency has ever undertaken. The air waves that can be freed up through this auction, both licensed and unlicensed, will ensure consumers feel the full power of the mobile revolution.    But as important as it is to help consumers of mobile services, the auction can also be considered successful if it works for broadcast viewers as well. Back in New Jersey, we understand the importance of a seamless transition after the auction because disasters like Hurricane Sandy can strike at any time and when they do, viewers depend on their local broadcasters.    Fortunately, all five FCC commissioners have committed to ensuring viewers do not lose signal as a result of the repacking process. That is why I drafted the Viewer Protection Act to give them all the tools they need to keep this commitment. This bill will prevent viewers' TVs from going dark, while also ensuring consumers of mobile broadband benefit from the incentive auction as soon as possible.    Hurricane Sandy also showed the importance of phones in an emergency. When the hurricane hit New Jersey, we did not just watch our TVs or listen to our radios but we also looked to our mobile phones. Unfortunately, too many of those devices let us down when we needed them the most. And that is why I introduced the SANDy Act so that we are better prepared the next time disaster strikes.    The SANDy Act has a number of common sense proposals to improve access to communications in a disaster. For instance, the SANDy Act would help ensure the customers of any wireless carrier can get signal, even if their own carrier service goes down. No one should be left without any bars on their phone when a compatible network is still working.    The bill would also create a database of critical personnel to keep public safety officials and the carriers in better touch during an emergency when every second counts.    I have been in close contact with both Chairman Wheeler and the carriers to talk about how to get this done and I want to thank them both for taking these issues so seriously. I am optimistic that we are close to a breakthrough that would put us in a better position for when the next disaster strikes.    And again, I thank the chairman, Ms. Eshoo, and the commissioners for being here today. I look forward to today's discussion.    I have about 2 \1/2\ minutes left. I would like to split that between Mr. Doyle and Mr. Butterfield and yield first to Mr. Doyle.    Mr. Pallone. I yield--oh, yes. Thank you.    Mr. Pallone. Oh, my God, we started out all right. I yield the rest of the time to Mr. Butterfield. Thanks.    Mr. Pallone. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I wanted to start with Commissioner Rosenworcel. I wanted to publicly thank you for coming up to my district right before that last major snowstorm to discuss the Sandy Act and how to improve communications during disasters.    One idea we had coming out of these discussions is whether we could take a city in the area impacted by Sandy, where we could work with industry and government officials to develop best practices that could be used across the country. So, I just wanted to ask you, do you think that that would be a worthwhile experiment.    Mr. Pallone. Thank you.    I wanted to ask Commissioner O'Rielly about pirate radio. I wanted to personally thank you for leadership in addressing this spike in pirate radio stations. And the last time you were here, we talked about how this is an important issue. And I was hoping to be able to introduce a bill that would put a stop to these illegal signals.    I know you have a long background in crafting legislation. Do you have any suggestions for what to include in a bill like that?    Mr. Pallone. Thank you. Well, we will work together.    Mr. Pallone. Chairman Wheeler, I released earlier this year a discussion draft bill called the Viewer Protection Act, which we have discussed that would make sure that consumers keep access to the channels that stay on the air after the incentive auction. And while I hope this bill will be bipartisan, I have heard from some of my colleagues that they want to wait until we know how many broadcasters will need to be repacked.    At the same time, it is critical that the bill is introduced with enough time to go through regular order. So, it is really when the repacking process begins.    So, I think it would be helpful for us to all better understand the schedule for the auction going forward. Could you walk us through your estimate of how the next few months would play out paying particular attention to when we would know how many broadcasters will need to be repacked?    Mr. Pallone. All right. Well, thank you all. I appreciate your input on all these questions. I yield back, Mr. Chairman.