    Mr. Gonzalez. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Good afternoon, Mr. Chairman and Ranking Member Takano, members of the subcommittee. Thank you for this opportunity to allow me to present the views of the American Legion, America's largest wartime veterans service organization, on several pieces of legislation being considered by the committee today.    Due to allotted time available, I will concentrate on three of the bills. First, I will address H.R. 832, the Veterans Employment and Training Service Longitudinal Study Act of 2015.    The American Legion would support a longitudinal study of the job counseling, training, and employment placement services, JVSG services, only if the bill were altered to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to contract for this study as opposed to the Secretary of Labor.    In 2012, a similar proposal was made to study the Department of Labor employment services. At this time, Chairman Miller has stated more study was not needed and, quote, ``We have already study after study over the years that say the program does not work.'' The American Legion agrees with the chairman's assessment. A longitudinal assessment of the Department of Labor VETS performance can already be read in the 16 GAO and OIG reports dating back to 1997. All reports reveal negative findings.    Therefore, such a detailed study would be better implemented after JVSG and the HVRP are moved to VA and set under the purview of the Secretary of Veterans Affairs. The American Legion supports this legislation.    Next, I will address H.R. 2275, Jobs for Veterans Act of 2015.    The American Legion has long supported the Department of Labor Veterans Employment and Training Services, or better known as DOL-VETS. Unfortunately, the good faith of the veterans in this program have been rewarded with ongoing program management problems, including a lack of accountability.    Department of Labor's budget request makes it painfully clear that the agency with the monumental task of helping Americans to be gainfully employed is unable to give the proper attention to veterans employment issues that our constituents deserve.    At this juncture, the American Legion believes that the best way to improve DOL-VETS is to transfer the Jobs for Veterans State Grants and the Homeless Veterans Reintegration Portion of the program to VA. Though there is a place for a veterans office within Department of Labor, the American Legion believes these two programs would be better served if they were located in a new administration consolidated under the VA.    Lastly, I will address H.R. 2360, the Career-Ready Student Veterans Act.    Institution accreditation is typically done by regional and national accreditation bodies. Programmatic accreditation is for specific programs offered within an educational institution. Programs are typically accredited by specialized organizations. By not having the program accredited by the appropriate body, the individual does not make effective use of the GI Bill benefit if an individual uses the benefit to prepare for a license or certification occupation but the program does not meet the licensure requirements.    The American Legion will urge the Congress apply this requirement equally to all institutions of higher learning as well as nonaccredited schools. We also urge Congress also include all deemed approved degree programs and assure that the State approving agencies can have adequate oversight of all institutions of higher learning if we are to implement this piece of legislation.    The American Legion does have two questions or concerns.    One, does the proposed legislation only cover meeting the licensure or certification standards in the respective State where the institution is located? If that is the case, it is troubling for those veterans who do not plan to practice in the State where the school is located or individuals taking distance learning courses. The legislation should make clear who would determine the requirements for these programs or approval in all the States.    And then the last, number two: If the intent of the Congress is to add to the existing workload of the State approving agencies, which are already spread thin, then the Congress should give great consideration and reevaluation of the existing budget of the SAAs, to include increasing such budgets to ensure that the SAAs are able to meet their current workload as well as the possibility of this new add-on.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman, Ranking Member Takano.    And I will yield my time, Mr. Chairman.    