    Mr. Poe. I thank the gentleman from Massachusetts.    I will now introduce the other cochair of the French Caucus, the gentleman from South Carolina, Mr. Wilson.    Mr. Poe. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California, Colonel Cook.    Mr. Poe. Thank you, Colonel Cook.    The other gentleman from California Representative, Mr. Rohrabacher.    Mr. Poe. Does any other member wish to make an opening statement?    If not, I will introduce the witnesses that we have. And without objection, all the witnesses' prepared statements will be made part of the record.    I ask that each witness please keep your presentation to no more than 5 minutes. I will advise everyone that we are supposed to have a series of votes in the next 20 to 30 minutes, but we will proceed with all of the statements of the witnesses first.    Mr. Max Boot is the Jeane Kirkpatrick senior fellow for national security studies at the Council on Foreign Relations. He is a military historian and foreign policy analyst, who has served as an adviser to the United States commanders in Iraq and Afghanistan.    Dr. Daveed Gartenstein-Ross is a senior fellow at the Foundation for Defense of Democracies. His work focuses on al-Qaeda, the Islamic State, and other jihadist organizations with transnational ambitions.    Mr. Michael Weiss is the co-author of ``ISIS: Inside the Army of Terror.'' He also appears on on-air analysis for CNN focusing on Syria, Iraq, ISIS, Russia, and Ukraine.    And Dr. Thomas Sanderson is the director and senior fellow for the Transnational Threats Project at the Center for Strategic and International Studies. He currently investigates violent extremist activity across Africa and the Middle East.    I want to welcome all four of our experts this afternoon. And we will start with Mr. Boot.    Mr. Boot. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman. It is a privilege to be here to talk about such an important subject.    You know, I don't think that the President is being honest about what our strategy against ISIS actually is, because the President says we are out to degrade and defeat ISIS. In fact, I think what we are really trying to do at the moment is to contain it. We don't have a strategy to defeat and to destroy ISIS. What we have is barely a strategy to contain it, which has not been successful, as we have seen.    While it is true that the scope of ISIS' territorial control in Iraq and Syria has been slightly decreased over the course of the last 6 months or so, shrunk slightly at the periphery, nevertheless, ISIS remains a potent threat. It maintains its hold on Mosul, Raqqa, Ramadi, Palmyra, and a lot of other territory. And it is not content to dominate this Islamic State, so-called, in Iraq and Syria. It is expanding rapidly to places like Libya. And as we have seen, of course, in the case of Paris, it is also expanding its terror networks abroad so that it can strike literally anywhere in the world.    I believe that we actually need a strategy to make good on what the President said we must do, which is to destroy ISIS. And what is that going to take? Well, it is going to take a lot more than what we are doing at the moment, even notwithstanding the slight escalation announced yesterday by Secretary Carter when he said that a joint special operations task force was going to join the fight. That is a good step, something I have called for, for more than a year, but it is going to be insufficient. We need an integrated military and political strategy to destroy ISIS.    And it is not sufficient simply to focus on areas such as countering ISIS finance or countering ISIS propaganda online. Those are both things that we need to do, but in the end they will not be decisive. As long as ISIS controls a state the size of the United Kingdom, it will continue to have a potent appeal for jihadists around the world.    The only way to break its appeal is to destroy its hold on its territory. And how do we do that? Well, I think what we need is more military action on the part of the United States and our allies, but we also need a political strategy, and those two have to be closely intertwined, something that is not the case today.    In terms of military action, clearly, I think we need a more intensive bombing campaign. I mean, it is literally incomprehensible to me why 75 percent of U.S. attack sorties are coming back to base without dropping their weapons. That suggests that we are waging an extraordinarily restrained campaign. As Mike Vickers, the former under secretary of defense for intelligence, pointed out recently, in 2 months in Afghanistan, in the fall of 2001, we have dropped more bombs than we have in the case of Iraq and Syria in something like a year and a half.    So clearly, we need to step up the bombing campaign. We need to make that bombing campaign more effective by allowing our joint tactical air controllers onto the battlefield where they can actually call in strikes in an aggressive and precise way while avoiding civilian collateral damage.    We need special operations teams on the battlefield. Again, as I mentioned a second ago, the fact that we are putting JSOC into the fight, I think, is a good step, but it is insufficient. At the end of the day, I don't think that special operators alone are going to be enough to win this battle. I think we also need to put more conventional forces onto the battlefield. And I would estimate something on the order of 20,000 to 30,000 troops will probably be required, which is well beyond the current level of about 3,500, but still well short of the 100,000-plus levels that we reached in Iraq at the height of the Iraq war.    I think those troops are necessary in order to galvanize and support a Sunni uprising against ISIS in both Iraq and Syria. And this is really the way that we are going to defeat this organization. We are going to turn its constituency against it.    And what is that going to take? Well, in the first place, we have to give the Sunnis some assurance that if they rise up, that we will stand with them, that we will fight alongside of them, that they will not simply be slaughtered by these butchers in ISIS. And to give them any kind of assurance, we need to have more troops who can work alongside of them and protect them and enable them to be effective against ISIS.    But we also and crucially need a political strategy. We need to assure them that if they get rid of ISIS, they are not going to simply replace the tyranny of ISIS with the tyranny of Iran. We need to push for Sunni autonomy within Iraq. We need to push in Syria for the ouster of Bashar Assad, who has killed far more people than ISIS ever has. We need to offer the Sunnis a political end state that is worth fighting for. And if we do that, and if we provide them with a slightly greater level of support, I believe we can be more far successful against ISIS than we have been to date.    Mr. Poe. Thank you, Mr. Boot.    Dr. Gartenstein-Ross, please, sir.    Mr. Poe. Thank you.    Mr. Weiss, statement, please.    Mr. Poe. Thank you, Mr. Weiss.    Mr. Sanderson.    Mr. Poe. I want to thank all of our experts for your testimony. I found it fascinating and disturbing.    We are in the midst of votes at this time, and so we will recess until approximately 1:30, and we will start questioning at 1:30--or 2:30, 2:30. And we will start at 2:30, not 1:30. It wasn't a trick.    Thank you very much. We are recessed till 2:30.    Mr. Poe. Thank you once again.    Gentlemen, I have been in a lot of hearings, and I find that this hearing has turned out to be one of the most informative and disturbing of any hearing that I have conducted. You have given us a lot of information. Most of the information is alarming. And so I want to try to take the information all four of you experts have given Members of Congress on both sides about the threat of ISIS and try to narrow down some proactive things that we ought to be doing.    It seems to me that our dealing with ISIS is reactionary. They do something, we react. Sometimes we do. Sometimes we don't react. But it is all reactionary. And being on the defense, our bunker mentality is not going to solve the problem of ISIS.    So the question is with all of these conflicts--and Mr. Weiss made a flow chart to figure out all of the different entities about whose side they are on today and whose side they are on tomorrow and who these folks are--it is very complicated. So what is our answer to this? What is something we can do?    And I agree with you totally, it has got to be a political answer. Long range, it has got to be a political answer. There has to be a military answer, maybe a financial answer.    The United States doesn't have a real good track record, I don't think, of going into a region, eliminating whoever is in charge of the country, and then the result doesn't turn out too well. And sometimes it is worse than the government we got rid of or the regime or the dictator, whatever. So we destroy ISIS, there is a vacuum there. What happens when we eliminate them?    First of all, what is the way we can policy-wise have a plan to eliminate them? But on the political front, what should we be doing as a replacement for all of those concerns that you mentioned about the people in the region, who they are looking to for leadership?    So that is the question. So if each one of you would weigh in on some specifics, political results, military results, or things that we ought to be doing, long-term, short-term, to give us some guidance on America's role and ISIS.    I have one question that I just need a yes or no from all of you on. Do you think that the United States should invoke Article 5, make this a NATO operation? Just like 9/11, after 9/11, that became a NATO operation because we were attacked. Should this be a NATO operation or not? And then each one of you weigh in on the previous question that I just mentioned to you. So go down the row on the NATO operation.    Mr. Boot.    Mr. Boot. Mr. Chairman, I think there is some symbolic value to invoking Article 5, although, from what I understand, our French allies don't actually want to invoke it because they are hoping to get Russia on board and they don't want the NATO sponsorship to turn off Putin.    Now, I think that, frankly, President Hollande is smoking something if he thinks that we are going to get President Putin on board with our agenda in Syria and Iraq, because Putin has a very different agenda. He is there to support Assad. He is not there to destroy ISIS. So I think this is not going to amount to anything.    But I think there is some symbolic value to invoking Article 5 if we can get the French to go along with it. But I don't necessarily think that we need to turn this into a very complex NATO command structure, which we have had in the case of Afghanistan and which, to my mind, has actually been in some ways a small impediment to getting results because it becomes a question of balancing and having different officers from different nations who are put into this command structure for largely political, not for reasons of military effectiveness. And that is not necessarily the best way to go about business.    But for the symbolic value, I think there is something to be said for that; and also, by the way, for passing a declaration of war or a stripped-down AUMF, not like the one the administration has submitted, but one that really gives the President, as the Commander in Chief, a great deal of authority to wage war and to destroy ISIS in any way he sees fit. I think there is something to be said for that too for the symbolic value that it has, even if at a practical level we can still do most of what we need to do without it.    Mr. Poe. So would you recommend that Congress debate the issue of an authorization to use military force in the box of     Mr. Boot. Absolutely. I think that would be a good thing. I mean certainly the administration lawyers argue that they have the authority they need from the 2001 AUMF. But at this point I think anybody who is not in the administration understands that they are stretching things a little bit to use this authorization after 9/11 to attack ISIS, which is a group that basically did not exist on 9/11. I think they can do it. I am not saying that they can't. But I think it would be better if there were a stripped-down AUMF, one that did not include all the restrictions that the administration has put into their version of it.    Now, on your other question, which I think is a very good one, about what happens after--well, first off, how do you get rid of ISIS and what happens after ISIS is gone. I think those are very good questions. In my testimony, I tried to address the question of how do you get rid of ISIS, which I think is a political-military strategy that involves slightly more commitment of forces on our part, but also a political strategy, which is key, to give the Sunnis a reason to fight against ISIS, which they really don't have at the moment because they are afraid that if they get rid of ISIS, they are simply going to trade the butchers of ISIS for the butchers of the Quds Force and Hezbollah and all these other Iranian-backed groups.    So I think what you have to do, as I suggested earlier, is to offer Sunnis autonomy within Iraq in much the same way as we have done with the Kurds. Remember that going back to 1991, we have been protecting the Kurds. We have used our air power to say, ``Okay, Saddam Hussein, you are not going to be able to slaughter the Kurds.'' And out of that has grown up one of the few success stories in the Middle East in the last couple of decades, which is the Kurdish Regional Government which is, when you go from the rest of Iraq to the KRG, it is like leaving hell and winding up in heaven. I mean, they have done tremendously well under American military protection for the last couple of decades.    I think that is a good model to emulate with the Sunnis in Iraq. I am not saying that we should give them a separate country. I don't think that is practical. But we should certainly create a Sunni Regional Government akin to the Kurdish Regional Government. And ideally we would do that by engineering a political deal in Baghdad, but that may not be possible because of the Iranian domination of the Baghdad regime. And if that is not possible, as I have argued before, we can act unilaterally on our own, work with the Sunnis. We can train and arm them in the KRG where there is already a huge number of Sunni refugees. And we can basically create for the Sunnis an autonomy within Iraq. We can train and arm the Sons of Iraq, like the Peshmerga, that will guarantee their autonomy. We can pledge to use American air power, if necessary, to protect them from an onslaught from the Shiite militias.    I think that is the way that we gain the support of the Sunnis, and that is ultimately going to be, I think, the lasting political structure within Iraq, which is a very loose Federal structure and within it basically the Shiite, Kurdish, and Sunni regions.    Now, in the case of Syria it is a much harder process because Syria is much more fragmented right now than even Iraq is. What I have suggested is that we need to have no-fly zones and safe zones in Syria, which would have many benefits, blunting the Assad killing machine, which has killed far more people to date than ISIS has, but also creating a space where you could actually train and arm the Free Syrian Army and, crucially, where you could also give the Syrian opposition movement, which we recognize as the rightful Government of Syria, you could give them a chance to actually govern on some territory so that eventually, once Assad is overthrown, there is more of a hope that a more moderate government can extend its way into ruling the entire country.    I think what might actually happen in the end is that when we get to the point where ISIS and Assad are close to being overthrown in Syria, and we are nowhere close to that right now, once you get to that point, I think there is a case to be made for a Dayton-like process where you would have an international conference with an agreement to deploy international peacekeeping forces that would, for example, give some assurance to the Alawites that they are not going to be slaughtered by the Sunnis that they, themselves, have been slaughtering for so many years, give some assurances to the Kurds, give some assurances to the different Sunni communicates.    But we are nowhere close to that right now, and I think we are not going to get there just by convening conferences in Vienna or Geneva right now. The only way to get there is to change the balance of power on the ground, and that means creating a more viable, moderate opposition in Syria, enabled by greater American aid, and allowing them to go after not only ISIS, but also after Assad, and helping them by preventing Assad's air force from bombing them and helping them by creating these safe zones where refugees could stay there, the Free Syrian Army could train there, the Syrian opposition could begin to rule there. I think that is the beginning of a solution to the nightmare that is Syria today.    Mr. Poe. Thank you, Mr. Boot.    The Chair recognizes that he went over the 5-minute rule. And I am going to use a word that I don't use very often: I will be a little more liberal on the time for each of the other members, including you.    Go ahead, Mr. Keating, from Massachusetts.    Mr. Boot. If I could just jump in and make one fast point. I think we have really been hurting ourselves. We have been in this cycle in Syria since 2011 when we say, ``Well, we are concerned about who the rebels are, we are concerned that some of the rebels are radical Islamists, so we don't really want to help them, we are going to stand back and watch what happens.''    Well, what happens is exactly what my colleagues have been describing, which is that when we are not doing more to help the moderates, that only helps the extremists, because the extremists find support from other countries, from outside backers, what have you, whether it is Turkey, Qatar, whoever, winds up backing the more radical elements and those are the ones that get in power.    And then a few years down the road we are saying, ``Oh, my gosh, where are the moderate rebels? They don't exist anymore.'' Well, what do you expect would happen if we are not providing the same kind of backing to the moderates that other groups are providing to the extremists?    But to underline the point that Michael has just made, and I think it is an important point, which is that a lot the people who are with the al-Nusra Front or who are with ISIS are not necessarily ideologues, they are not necessarily fanatical jihadists, they are just opportunists looking for a way to arm themselves and to defend themselves against the Bashar al-Assad regime. If we can offer them an alternative way to do that which doesn't involve the imposition of this extreme Salafist brand of Islam on Syria, which is not very popular with ordinary Syrians--I mean, ISIS is out there punishing people for smoking. I mean, if you travel in this part of the world, everybody smokes. This is not a popular position to take.    So people are not embracing groups like ISIS because they love the ideology. They are embracing it because this is the only way they can survive. But if we can offer them a different way to survive, I think you will see that a lot of these opportunists will leave the ranks of the al-Nusra Front, will leave the ranks of ISIS just as quickly as they left the ranks of the Taliban in the fall 2001. When we started fighting against Taliban, all of a sudden all this formidable support that the Taliban had dissolved within a matter of months because people decided that was no longer the winning side. Unfortunately, at the moment, we have not convinced anybody that our side is the winning side.    Mr, Kelly. I am sure my time is up.    Mr. Poe . I want to thank all the gentlemen.    I would like each member that wishes to make some brief closing comments. We will start with the ranking member.    Mr. Poe. Thank the gentleman.    Mr. Rohrabacher from California, closing comments.    Mr. Poe. The Chair will recognize the gentleman from New York.    Mr. Poe. I do want to thank you once again. Fascinating, depressing. And I think it is incumbent upon us, Members of Congress, work with the administration, that we look at the big picture of what is taking place with ISIS, the growth, and then have a response, a military response partially, a political response, and important also that we understand the consequences of every act and failure to act. What is the long-term consequence of what we do as a Nation regarding ISIS, how it affects not just us but the whole chaos in the Middle East. I think that is a big job ahead of us.    And I appreciate, personally, and the committee appreciates your insight specifically about what is really taking place in the Middle East.    Thank you very much. The subcommittee is adjourned.