    Mr. Grayson. Thank you. Mr. Stoffler, I want to congratulate you on your origins. As I frequently tell the Chair, not everybody can be so fortunate as to be from Oklahoma.    Mr. Grayson. Tell me, what kind of data do DOD satellites collect other than weather data?    Mr. Grayson. What are the sensors?    Mr. Grayson. What's that?    Mr. Grayson. What other sensors?    Mr. Grayson. All right. Well, give me an idea of what they're actually used for. What kind of data do they collect?    Mr. Grayson. I got the impression from your testimony that the information is used to provide--how shall I put this--weather reports to troops in the field. Is that correct?    Mr. Grayson. Is that information used now or is it just something that's been used in the past? Let me be more specific. Has it been used in the past 30 days?    Mr. Grayson. Where?    Mr. Grayson. Where do you use that?    Mr. Grayson. Could you be more specific?    Mr. Grayson. I'm surprised to hear you mention South America. What's that all about?    Mr. Grayson. All right. It sounds like the division of labor between you all and NOAA is somewhat ad hoc. Is that a fair statement?    Mr. Grayson. But in terms of who covers what, that seems to be done almost on a case-by-case basis rather than according to some kind of master plan. Is that fair to say?    Mr. Grayson. Dr. Volz, from your perspective, is the division of labor between NOAA and DOD ad hoc or is it according to some master plan?    Mr. Grayson. My time is up. Thank you all.    Mr. Grayson. Thank you. Dr. Volz, the 2013 NOAA, NESDIS, and NASA independent review team made several recommendations regarding the weather satellite programs and putting them on what was referred to as a robust state. Do you know what they meant by robust?    Mr. Grayson. So robustness in this case just means having a backup, is that correct?    Mr. Grayson. All right. Apart from what you just said, is there anything else that needs to be done in order to secure that condition?    Mr. Grayson. All right. Regarding NOAA's commercial weather data pilot, what other kinds of data can you consider as being likely or possible for future acquisition?    Mr. Grayson. So what kind of time frames are you anticipating for the other data sets?    Mr. Grayson. Can you be more specific about what time frames we're talking about, how many years out and so on?    Mr. Grayson. My time is up. Thank you all again.    Mr. Grayson. Dr. Volz, the May GAO report reviewed NOAA's basis for initiating work on the polar follow-up satellites on the basis that they wouldn't actually be put into use for a decade or more. What is the agency's position with regard to the GAO's recommendations and their observations?    Mr. Grayson. When we launch a satellite today, are we putting in the same instruments and sensors that we put in 10 or 15 years ago?    Mr. Grayson. Well, if we're using dramatically different instruments and sensors than we did 15 years ago, doesn't it follow that we'll want to do the same thing when we do a launch 10 or 15 years from now when we basically have to completely revise the guts if you will of the satellite before it's going to have full functionality for launching 10 or 15 years from now?    Mr. Grayson. Well, to be as specific as possible, did the agency assess the likelihood that the polar follow-on satellites would have to be--how shall I put this--updated before being put into actual use, having been built now with technology developments coming in the next decade or decade and a half? And if so, what was that assessment and how much do you think it might cost?    Mr. Grayson. I'm out of time. Thank you all.