    Mr. Sablan. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    And Mr. Secretary, it is always good talking to you and having conversations.    I have some concerns in addressing, how best do you operationalize this best-interest standard in my district?    Coming into this room, I thought we had nine securities investment or advisers, now I only count that we may have actually four, three with each one of the banks and one, the gentleman that is a dealer or agent for Fidelity. And so you can see how small the market is for us.    And how do we do this, how do we bring this very well-intentioned best-interest standard, which I like very much, without forcing these investment agents, at least the one with Fidelity, to stop doing business in the Northern Marianas with forcing them to close shop because the costs of managing this government oversight is going to go higher, of course, when his clients aren't very large?    And I would like to maybe work with your office. And maybe if I understand, maybe--I am sure you may have an answer for this, I don't know. But because we are so small and I can tell, I can probably count on my two hands how many people have investments with firms that are, you know, housed in Honolulu probably and they have the means to get up and fly there and be there.    But for those who are the smallest investors, retirement savings investors, there is very little. And I would like to see how would we manage these small accounts.    Mr. Sablan. Very small.    Mr. Sablan. Don't get me wrong. I think I like the rule, I think it is about time. But it is just that for places as small as the Northern Marianas where there isn't very much money invested, it is just forcing these companies to decide to say, no, we will just stop doing business there.    Except for those 10 people I can count on my hands, everyone else would lose the chance towards accessing an investment agent maybe, not necessarily a broker, but an agent on how they could invest their retirement savings, aside from those who are employer-based.    Mr. Sablan. Mr. Secretary, and I don't doubt the well intention of this rule. Let me just give you an example. Primerica, for example, has 21 investment accounts in the Northern Marianas, 21. I am sure Fidelity has much more. ASC Trust does a larger business there.    But Primerica is a huge company. They have 1.9 million investment accounts in the country, 21 of that is in the Northern Marianas, so we are very small.    I am just concerned that this new rule will force people to close shop. And instead of growing the market for us, it would have a negative effect.    I am not trying to stop your rule and I probably won't. But just having this conversation, I hope that--    Mr. Sablan. Thank you for your recent decision, Mr. Secretary, that this five years extension also works for that. I appreciate that very much.    Mr. Sablan. Thank you very much.    Mr. Harman, you actually got me there in your testimony. But then the statement that investors would be under-served because they don't really know where to go to, who is that investor you are talking about?    Mr. Sablan. How much wealth do they have invested?    Mr. Sablan. Okay. I am just curious because I was very pleased with the response Mr. Haley provided Ranking Member Scott that there could be a way to work this thing out. After, Mr. Kelleher--Mr. Kelleher, right--said that actually the Department, this isn't the first time we have had this, I just got into the subcommittee, but that 2010, 2011, or 2013, so that every time--why don't the industry get together with the Department of Labor and work something out that works for all of us?    I mean, I don't think any one of you will say that you don't want to be known as not having the best interests of your client. But then why is it so difficult to get there when Mr. Haley says that we can without actually without writing a rule that doesn't--it makes negligible any offenses to it. I am just curious.    I am from the Pacific islands, so I don't really know these things. Educate me, please.    Mr. Sablan. But now, let me get this straight. We have spent five years trying to work out this rule. And whose fault is it that it isn't yet a rule?    Mr. Sablan. I have another question, Mr. Kelleher. This is just out of curiosity because, again, I need an education to catch up on all of this. How much exactly is it costing the industry for government oversight over this investment? How much is the cost of government oversight to the industry that they have to get their lawyers paid so that they could make sure everybody is following the rules?    Mr. Sablan. Yes. Say, is there an average on industry standards, say, 10 percent, 15, whatever?    Mr. Sablan. Oh, sure.    Mr. Kelleher.--which isn't only tax-advantaged, but incredibly hard-earned.    Mr. Sablan. Yes.    Mr. Sablan. All right. And again, you know, I am just afraid that Mr. Haley's agent will close shop if he is concerned about, yes, the additional cost for defaulting--    Mr. Sablan. I understand that.    Mr. Sablan. I understand. I think the five-years spent, you know, time spent on trying to come to an agreement and we have no agreement. So I agree.    I yield back.