    Mr. Sires. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank you to our witnesses for being here this afternoon.    Today's hearing looks at both the opportunities and challenges enhancing our energy cooperation within the Western Hemisphere.    I believe integrating our energy interests in the region have been ignored for far too long. That is why I am encouraged to see the administration's recent efforts to deepen energy cooperation within the hemisphere.    The administration hosted the White House Caribbean Energy Security Summit in January and launched the Caribbean Energy Security Initiative to facilitate an energy transition for the islands that have been far too dependent on Venezuela's shaky energy sector for their needs.    While we continue to focus energy policy on the Middle East, taking a look at our own back yard shows the opportunity that exists right next door.    We get about half of our oil and petroleum from the Western Hemisphere, half of which is from Canada. Canada is the single largest foreign supplier of petroleum and natural gas to the United States, and after Saudi Arabia, Mexico is the United States' third largest supplier of petroleum.    Venezuela is home to 88 percent of the region's proven oil reserves. In regards to nontraditional sources of energy, Brazil is the world's second larger producer of ethanol after the United States.    In countries like Venezuela, Bolivia, Ecuador and Argentina, the troubling trends of the nationalization of private industry has become the norm rather than the exception.    Moreover, the region's trade relationships and increasing presence of anti-democratic actors such as Russia, Iran and particularly China, whose self-interests are counter to the strategic concerns of the United States, should not be taken lightly.    In January, China pledged $250 billion in investments in Latin America over the next 10 years, seeking to boost their influence in the resource-rich region.    The United States cannot fall behind, as the Western Hemisphere plays a critical role in our energy security. Specifically, it is clear that maintaining and strengthening our energy relationship with Canada and Mexico is in the national interests of the United States.    That is why I believe the proposed Keystone XL Pipeline and the Transboundary Hydrocarbon Agreement with Mexico are in the national interests of the United States. I am sensitive to the environment and the concerns associated with the development of the Keystone Pipeline project.    But the conversation has stagnated. The concerned parties need to avoid further delays of a constructive dialogue and chart a path forward.    This is true especially in light of declining foreign oil supplies from Mexico and Venezuela. Our national security requires that energy policy be a central component of our foreign policy.    Furthermore, we should build upon and expand our energy diplomacy efforts and mitigate the Caribbean's dependence on subsidized Venezuela oil and support the economic growth of the region in ways that are both relevant and practical to the needs of everyday people.    No one single project or initiative is a cure-all for energy security needs, and no proposal will satisfy everyone's needs or alleviate every doubt. But we must continue to work with our neighbors to develop a beneficial energy policy for the region.    I look forward to the hearing--to hearing from our panelists on how we can address these critical issues.    Thank you.    Mr. Sires. One minute, 2 minutes, 3 minutes.    Mr. Sires. We want to thank you, all of you.    Mr. Sires. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    You know, I listened carefully with the--all these unprecedented opportunities that we have, and I am always concerned about Petrocaribe--you know, Venezuela--because basically Petrocaribe has everybody by the throat in the Caribbean.    What percentage do you think of the LNG that the Caribbean needs that we can supply by us now opening up to export since last year, you said--last July, somebody mentioned here?    Mr. Sires. I thought energy and, you know, I am trying to get rid of this stranglehold that Venezuela has on these islands. So with the energy that we have, what do you think is the possibility of us basically getting rid of that, that Petro--the stranglehold that Petrocaribe has on these islands?    Mr. Sires. You know what? For example, I look at Dominican Republic. They are totally basically dependent on Venezuela for their energy. I was just wondering if you can answer that, Mr. Martin.    Mr. Sires. And some of the islands are still dependent?    Mr. Sires. Thank you.    You know, the other day in the news I saw that Tesla had a battery for houses. You know how there are battery cars. How might oil prices affect the development of unconventional energy throughout the hemisphere? In other words, what other alternative--how are prices affecting the alternative energy industry?    Mr. Sires. I mean, these countries don't have the infrastructure.    Mr. Sires. Even if we send it to these countries they don't have the infrastructure to get it. We are talking about these 23 million people that do not have energy.    Mr. Sires. Thank you.    And I read about a deal between Argentina and China just recently. Can you talk a little bit about the----    Mr. Sires. I really believe that one of the reasons that we are refocusing on this region is because China now is stepping into this region, and we just don't want to give this region to China.    I mean, I was in Colombia a few years ago, and I had dinner with one of the presidents of the colleges or the colleges there, and he told me that the second most studied language in Colombia today is Mandarin, after English.    So, you know, the wave is coming, and I think we finally realized here in this country that we just cannot surrender this region to China. So I think that is one of the reasons we are focusing more on these places.    Mr. Sires. How does this scandal in Venezuela affect in the industry? Does anybody know? This energy scandal where the President is involved. There is a big scandal. Not Venezuela, excuse me. Brazil. In Brazil.    Mr. Sires. We visited--this committee, with Matt Salmon, the chairman, we visited Brazil. We visited that whole complex that they have, and all their plants that they have for, you know, working with us in terms of trying to get oil from the ocean, you know, and everything. But, you know, this scandal has paralysed, I think, Brazil.    Mr. Sires. And my last comment--this is a basic problem with these countries. You go there and invest and then they change the rules.    I mean, I don't get it where they think a company is going to spend hundreds of millions of dollars and then they say well, I don't think--the percentage you charge is too high--we are not going to pay you.    I think that is why they don't get any--you know, any real investment in some of these places. And that was the case in Argentina. They didn't want to pay.    So, you know, to me, making a large investment in energy and to have a country say, well, we don't want to do it anymore, and mark my words, this is going to happen in Cuba when people make investments there.    They will wake up one day and say, well, I don't think this deal is that good--we are going to take this back. And I don't know any company that is willing to take that risk.    I am sorry, Chairman. I didn't want to----    Mr. Sires. Dr. Knapp, you know, I see this map and I see all these areas of exploration, and I remember a few years ago we had this big hoopla that Cuba was sitting on I don't know how many barrels of oil and everything else and there was, you know, Spain went in there and invested.    I think Italy went in there and invested. They didn't find a drop of oil. So where is all this oil that I see this line going through there?    Mr. Sires. People were talking about the rigs and the oil, if there was an accident it would go on the beaches in Florida. I mean, it went beyond.    Mr. Sires. Thank you.    Mr. Sires. But people will want to invest there because at the moment----    Mr. Sires. That's terrible.