    Ms. Emrey-Arras. Yes, sir.    Ms. Emrey-Arras. Chairman Calvert, Ranking Member McCollum, and members of the subcommittee, thank you for inviting me here today to discuss the results of the report we issued just last week on safety and health conditions of BIE schools.    For context, last year we testified before this subcommittee on the continued challenges Indian Affairs faces in overseeing and supporting BIE schools. Subsequently, we testified on Indian Affairs' systematic management challenges with BIE schools. We concluded that such challenges undermine its mission to provide Indian students with safe environments that are conducive to learning. We further noted that unless steps are promptly taken to address these challenges, it will be difficult for Indian Affairs to ensure the long-term success of a generation of Indian students.    My remarks today cover findings and recommendations from our recent report. Specifically, I will focus on two findings: one, the extent to which Indian Affairs has information on the safety and health conditions at BIE school facilities, and, two, the extent to which Indian Affairs has supported schools in addressing any safety and health deficiencies.    Regarding the first finding, we found the Indian Affairs does not have complete and accurate information on safety and health conditions at all BIE schools because of key weaknesses in its inspection program. In particular, Indian Affairs does not inspect all BIE schools annually as required by its own policy. Safety inspectors in BIA regional offices are responsible for conducting these annual inspections of all BIE schools to ensure compliance with Federal and Interior safety and health requirements.    Nevertheless, we found that 69 out of 180 BIE school locations were not inspected in Fiscal Year 2015. Further, 54 school locations received no inspections during the past four Fiscal Years, and some of these schools have not been inspected since 2008. Indian Affairs' own Division of Safety and Risk Management, which does not oversee BIA regional safety inspectors, knows that lack of inspections is a key risk to Indian Affairs' safety and health program.    We also found that Indian Affairs does not have complete and accurate information for the two-thirds of schools that it did inspect in Fiscal Year 2015 because it has not provided BIA inspectors with updated and comprehensive inspection guidance and tools. Accordingly, we have recommended that Indian Affairs, one, ensure all BIE schools are annually inspected for safety and health, and, two, revise its inspection guidance and tools. Indian Affairs agreed with these recommendations.    In terms of our second finding, we found that Indian Affairs is not providing schools with needed support in addressing deficiencies. Of the schools inspected in Fiscal Year 2014, about one-third or less had developed required abatement plans by June of 2015, outlining how they would correct the deficiencies cited in the inspections.    Furthermore, among the 16 schools we visited, several schools had not abated high-risk deficiencies within the timeframes required. Indian Affairs requires schools to abate high-risk deficiencies within 1 to 15 days. Examples of these include fire alarm systems that were turned off and missing fire extinguishers. At one school we visited, the inspection report listed over 160 serious hazards that should've been corrected within 15 days. However, the hazards went unaddressed and were still present during the next year's inspection.    Similarly at another we visited, we found significant delays in the response to the school's urgent safety issues. Specifically, a school boiler inspector found elevated levels of carbon monoxide and a gas leak in 50-year-old boilers in a student dorm. Although Indian Affairs' policy requires the school to address these serious deficiencies within 1 day, school officials told us most repairs were not completed until 8 months later, subjecting students living in the dorm to potentially critical safety hazards in the meantime.    Indian Affairs has not taken steps to build the capacity of school staff to abate safety and health deficiencies, such as offering basic training on how to conduct repairs to school facilities. We recommended that Indian Affairs develop a plan to build schools' capacity to promptly address these safety and health issues. Indian Affairs agreed.    Until Indian Affairs takes steps to implement our recommendations, it cannot ensure that the learning environments at BIE schools are safe, and it risks causing harm to the very children that it is charged with educating and protecting. Thank you.    Ms. Emrey-Arras. We are dealing with really fundamental safety issues, like fire safety. We want to make sure that if there is a fire that there are sprinklers, that there are alarms, and that children and staff can get out.    Ms. Emrey-Arras. That is a really good question. We heard that was one of the reasons why inspections were not occurring, though it is a bit of a mystery to us because there were regions that had far more inspections on their plates and they managed to get them done while others that only had a couple did not. There was one region that only had two schools but did not inspect either of them, and one was within walking distance.    So, we heard the issue about workload, but it is somewhat of a mystery to us given some of the circumstances we have learned about.    Ms. Emrey-Arras. Definitely. In addition to the one that was within 300 yards. Specifically, in the southwest region where no inspections took place over 4 years, six of the schools are within the 50 miles of the regional office. Similarly, in the western region there were no inspections for the last 4 Fiscal Years, though three schools are within 50 miles of the regional office. While we heard that travel budgets were an issue, and that may be an issue for schools that are farther away, we had trouble understanding why it was an issue for schools that were relatively closer to the regional offices.    Ms. Emrey-Arras. None.    Ms. Emrey-Arras. That is an excellent question, and I am really glad that this subcommittee has asked us to do further work around performance management so we can really dig in deep. I would tell you that a high-level official from the Agency told us that in his opinion, he felt that people should be held completely accountable for doing 100 percent of the inspections. He said it should be rated as ``unacceptable''if they do not.    Ms. Emrey-Arras. I would defer to the Department on the interpretation of their own policy. But, I would think that you would want at a minimum someone checking to make sure that the systems were working.    Ms. Emrey-Arras. Right. I think what is of greatest concern to us is the repeat violations, especially the serious ones. You have a smaller group that are being inspected, and let us say you have one that is inspected from year to year. To see in one case 160 serious hazards reappearing, that is a significant concern. Those hazards should have been addressed within 15 days, and should not reappear a year later.    Inspections need to happen annually so you know what the issues are to begin with. If you do not have an inspection, you do not know what you are starting with. Once you have an inspection done, you need to make sure that it is done in a complete way.    There is tremendous variability right now, which is not a good thing. We heard about an inspector, for example, who did a drive-by inspection of a school from his car, never got out of the door and never looked into the 34 school buildings, did a one-page report, and reported no issues, not surprisingly, with any of the interiors of the buildings.    So, it is not enough just to have an inspection. You need to have a good inspection, and that is why we recommended that the Agency require guidance and instructions to make sure that they are of a high standard. So you need to have inspections done, and then you need to be able to document what those deficiencies are and target the most serious ones and address them, and work with the schools.    We recommended that the Agency work with the schools to build capacity to address these deficiencies. The Agency agreed but did not put forth a plan for doing so. We think it is important that the Agency develop a plan to build that capacity, provide training, provide assistance so that people can, in fact, address the problems.    Ms. Emrey-Arras. Yes.    Ms. Emrey-Arras. Safety inspections feed into a larger facility data system, along with other types of inspections, but are limited to looking at fire safety issues, OSHA standards, and the like. They do not cover everything related to a building, but the deficiencies that are identified are supposed to be entered into the larger system, which does bring up a concern that if you do not have that inspection, you do not have that data in the system, or if you have the inspection, but that information is not entered in regarding the deficiencies, then you are also at a loss and not benefitting from that knowledge. There are a lot of gaps in the system.    Ms. Emrey-Arras. It does not send a promising signal to those children.    Ms. Emrey-Arras. Certainly. Prior to this report that we released last week, we had several other reports that we have done for this subcommittee, and we thank you for your leadership on this front. I think we have made a big difference because of your efforts.    Of those prior reports, seven of our nine recommendations are still open. They have not been implemented, and many of them have to deal with really fundamental issues. For example, we had done a report on oversight of school spending, making sure that money is not going, to an offshore account, for example, and that money is going directly to help students, and not just sitting around.    And we put forward really basic recommendations, like having written procedures to oversee school expenditures a risk-based approach to make sure you are focusing on the highest risk situations and targeting your oversight there. To our knowledge, nothing has been done on those, and we think that those are really critical, especially when funding is limited to make sure that the funds that are available are being spent the way that they are intended.