    Mr. McKinley. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, for the opportunity to have a discussion on this subject and I am pleased to be one of the cosponsors of the legislation that we have.    I represent in West Virginia another--just like you, Mr. Mayfield--a rural impoverished State that struggles. We have the highest rate of unemployment.    We have the second lowest per capita income in my district. I don't have--I have two cities that have 30,000 people. Other than that, every community is smaller than that. Some--I have got one community that only has 500 people, a seasonal community that maybe can grow to 2,000 during the winter. And they had a little problem.    Here is a--here is a water line that they tried for 10 years to get funds for and it only has the ability to pass maybe about 22 percent of the water through that line. But they can't get money.    So I applaud this effort to try to get more technical assistance but I am--but I am wondering if we are chasing the wrong rabbit.    I mean, it is good to get this, to get people lined up in the queue to get money. But we got to get the money. We got to have more money at the other end.    The State revolving fund has been used as a pawn and I know in 2013 the president in his budget slashed almost 50 percent out of the money, out of the SRO.    And if it weren't for members on the other side of the aisle when working with the Appropriations Committee we were able to get that money restored.    But I don't know whether the administration and other people within the groups actually feel the need for rural America with the problems we have with us because this was done not with any--well, not dime of Federal money.    They finally had to get the State to step in because everyone was saying there was just no Federal money. We can't do it because you are such a small community.    I have got another community that has 75 families, that they get their--they have to get bottled water and they have been doing it for 2 years. They get their potable water so that they can flush their toilets out of a creek.    These are middle-income people that have homes that are $150,000 to $200,000 in value, and they can't sell their home. Who is going to buy a home that doesn't have water to it?    So I am very concerned about this. I want this legislation to pass. But I am equally and even more so concerned that we are giving false hope to people, get people in the queue to get money but there is no money because the allocation in the administration or whatever the programs are they are not funding it into rural communities to be able to help out on that.    I know it. All the words sound right but in the real world I think as we live in, small communities aren't getting that money.    And so what would you do then to help refocus this so that this administration or any administration can understand the hardship that is incurring on small towns, these little communities of 500 or 1,000 people? What would you do to get more money into that account?    Mr. McKinley. Would you agree that one of the--but one of the criteria they always say is where is your matching money. But a small town of 500 can't come up with that matching money.    They have--I have got a community that has to come up with $12.5 million. What are they going to do? They only have 550 customers.    Mr. McKinley. I have run out of time, but can you just give me an idea of what kind of money should we be spending, knowing that the SRF is just one amount and there are other sources? What kind of money should we be spending annually?    Mr. McKinley. Would you agree?    Mr. McKinley. Thank you. I yield back my time.