    Mr. Neffenger. Thank you. Good morning, Chairman Chaffetz, Ranking Member Cummings, and distinguished members of the committee. Thank you for the opportunity to appear before you today. I sincerely appreciate the committee's oversight of the management practices at TSA. This issue has been of great concern to me as well. I commit to you and the American people that, under my leadership, TSA has established high standards of performance and accountability.    I also want to thank Inspector General Roth for his support. I greatly value the oversight that his office provides to improve our agency, and I have been working closely with him during my tenure.    My leadership perspective is shaped by more than three decades of national service in crisis leadership. Throughout my career, I have emphasized professional integrity and duty to mission as foundational elements of service for myself and for the dedicated civil servants and military members I have been entrusted to lead.    Since taking the oath of office on July 4 of last year, I have traveled throughout the country and around the world to meet with employees at all levels of our agency. I have been impressed by their patriotism and their sense of duty. These are servants who every day perform demanding tasks under difficult circumstances, and I deeply respect and appreciate their work. They have risen to the challenge of service to a mission and have taken an oath of office and loyalty as a condition of employment. Their success requires the utmost professionalism from all of our employees from frontline officers to the most senior leaders.    My overarching priority is to fulfill the core mission of TSA to secure the Nation's transportation systems. In just 10 months we have undertaken a range of transformational efforts. I immediately prioritized our counterterrorism mission. I set a renewed focus on security, revised alarm resolution procedures, made investments in new technology, and retrained the entire workforce.    We are holding ourselves accountable to high standards of performance and are supporting our frontline officers in their critical counterterrorism mission. We have reinvigorated our partnerships with the airlines, airport operators, and the trade and travel industries and are working closely with Congress to address our security mission.    We simultaneously undertook a broad evolution of the entire TSA enterprise with respect to that mission and our people. I am systematically and deliberately leading this transformation, and I have made it clear that we are focused on our security mission.    Most importantly, I am investing in our people. With Congress's help, I directed a complete overhaul of our approach to how we train our workforce at all levels of the agency. We establish the first-ever TSA Academy on January 1 of this year. This intensive training will enable us to achieve consistency, develop a common culture, instill core values, and raise performance across the entire workforce. Establishing a culture of mutual respect and trust between leaders in the workforce instills confidence and pride and is a prudent investment in the future of the agency.    I also ordered a review of all personnel policies and practices. This led to a number of significant changes, among which are elimination of the arbitrary use of directed reassignments, restrictions on permanent change of station relocation costs, and significant controls on bonuses at all levels.    We are overhauling management practices. I've conducted an independent review of our acquisition programs. We're building a planning, programming, budgeting, and execution process, and we're building a human capital management system to address recruitment, development, promotion, assignment, and retention.    And to ensure the effective integration of our leadership team, I have brought in new leaders from outside the agency, a new deputy administrator, new chief of staff, a chief of operations, a new head of intelligence, and other key positions. And with respect to intelligence, I want to note that our intelligence office just received a very prestigious award from the National Counterterrorism Center for the work that they have done to analyze recent attacks on the aviation system.    I assure this committee that under my leadership TSA treats its employees fairly and affords them every legal and available means to exercise their due process rights. We review management controls regularly, revise them when needed, and fully investigate and adjudicate misconduct at every level, and I hold those who violate standards appropriately accountable.    With respect to leadership, my experience tells me that good leaders set high standards and inspire people to perform at their best. I have demanded much of my leaders over the past 10 months. I have set high standards for them. I expect them to work hard, and I supervise them closely.    Finally, we must deliver a highly effective intelligence-driven counterterrorism and security capability every day. To do so, we must have fully trained, highly motivated, professional employees supported by a mature and efficient agency with a common set of values. My guiding principles, which I expressed in my administrator's intent, are focused on mission, invest in people, and commit to excellence.    We are pursuing these objectives every day. As administrator, I will continue to do so until we achieve and sustain success in every aspect of this agency, in every mission, in every office and location where we operate, and with every single employee.    Thank you for the opportunity to appear before you today and for the committee's support of TSA's mission. I look forward to your questions.    Mr. Neffenger. Congressman Mica, thank you for the question. I had questions about the capabilities across the entire organization when I first came in, as you know.    Mr. Neffenger. I am. I have a new chief of intelligence that I brought in who is an intelligent professional. He's here. I can report that ----    Mr. Neffenger. Yes, sir, and I'll also provide you with examples of how we have to build an intelligent enterprise, which I think is one of the best in the country now. And I can say that ----    Mr. Neffenger. No, sir, I have not said that it's a lack of funds.    Mr. Neffenger. Let me ----    Mr. Mica.--I've seen it all over. I had an anecdotal report last week of a Member that told me that at one airport they were backed up, lines forever. The other side of the airport there was a concourse and there were not thousands standing around but everybody standing around and someone can't shift them. And in the lanes that the individual was leaving in, two were closed. I have been at National airport. I have seen the same thing. People can't make a decision to staff to traffic.    The other thing, too, is we have got to look at the money that you are spending. The last account I had we were spending $1.1 billion on administration and $1.9 billion on screening. That is a lot of administration. We need to pare those numbers down. The bonuses that the chairman said, $80,000. I asked the staff, well, how much can we pay screeners? If you are losing 30 percent of the screeners--30 percent of the screeners and 38 percent of the non-TSO employees leave their job within 1 year. So you could be training these people, and like the chairman said, you have got a boat, you know, with a leak in it, it is going to sink.    But again, how much is a--let me ask this question. How much is the bonus you can give to a screener? I am told $300 a year.    Mr. Neffenger. No, it can be higher than that. I don't have the exact number for it.    Mr. Neffenger. Yes, sir, I will ----    Mr. Neffenger. Yes, sir, we'll provide that.    Mr. Neffenger. Well, we're still a risk-based system. In fact, we still have TSA pre-check. We are growing that population. It's a--we're doubling--we've doubled the enrollment of that population over the last year, and the risk-based approach is the more people I get into the Trusted Traveler Program, the more I can move them through expedited and the more we can focus on those who aren't.    We discontinued the practice of arbitrarily assigning and randomly assigning people from an unknown population into that expedited population. That was called managed inclusion. That pushed a lot of people back into the standard screening lanes.    We have a significantly larger population of travelers this year than we had previously, and it's grown substantially. It grew faster, at a higher rate, than was predicted by those who set the predictions for our budgets, which have been built, as you know, in the past.    The--when I came into this organization last year, I found an organization with 5,800 fewer screeners and it had had fewer frontline officers than it had had 4 years previously. And that was in the face of significantly higher traffic volume. And one of the first things I asked Congress to do was to halt any further reductions to the workforce because it was my suspicion that we did not have enough people to staff our lanes. And my suspicion was correct. We do not have enough people currently to staff our lanes.    Mr. Neffenger. And we have been systematically scrubbing our budget to hire more.    Mr. Neffenger. Thank you. I'll provide a further comment for the committee's record, but let me just highlight a few points that we're doing. As you know, following the results of the IG's test last year, the first thing we did was a true root cause analysis, what actually happened. What I found were systemic problems in agency focus, in agency training, and in the way in which we deployed our equipment.    So the first thing we did, we did a retraining of the entire workforce. That took 2 months. It was a rolling stand-down 8 hours at a time, every single employee, including myself. I made all my senior leaders go through it as well. We called that Mission Essentials. We have followed up with a quarterly version of Mission Essentials. We now focus on various aspects of the checkpoint. We have dramatically increased our covert testing, internal covert testing, and we do immediate feedback into that.    We provide--I work from--as I say, I work from the positive side of the equation. We provide rewards for those people who perform well, and then we turn those people into trainers for the next round of folks. We do immediate feedback, and we do that consistently.    I get daily measures of performance, workforce readiness, workforce performance, and workforce accountability. We've change that. It's no longer based upon how long the lines are that you're working. That's a separate issue, and we deal with that at the management level. But for the frontline workforce, I want them to know that I want them to focus on their mission, and I will support them in doing so and will provide them the best possible training.    We also train them on the equipment, how it operates, and we gave them hands-on understanding of what the limitations were. There's a more fuller answer for you, which I'll provide. Thank you, sir.    Mr. Neffenger. I'll have to get the number for you for the record, sir. I don't know that off the top of my head.    Mr. Neffenger. I can make a rough guess, maybe--I don't really know, sir. I'll have to get that for the record for you.    Mr. Neffenger. There were--as I said, I've restricted the number of bonuses that we do. I'll get you the exact number. It was a significantly smaller number, and it's based upon performance. It wasn't based upon special act awards.    Mr. Neffenger. There have been a number of people who have been fired from the agency at all levels of the past year. I came in and one of my first tasks was to determine what my agency looked like. I hold my leaders, as I said, to high standards, and I have demanded a lot of them. I have been--I'm confident in my current leadership team. I'm certainly confident in the people I've brought in to help lead that team. And today, I've been satisfied with their performance, although we have a long way to go.    Mr. Neffenger. Well, I agree that any leader needs to look hard at the way in which his resources are being spent. I have done so. As I mentioned, I've done a systematic review of our entire agency and the management practices of this agency. We've taken a hard look at the budget, and in fact, I've moved a lot of resources around and I've been working with my--the appropriators and other--and my oversight committees to ensure they understand where those savings can be found. I think there's more savings to be found in my budget. Some of that administrative oversight is required to manage the contracts that TSA has, but I think that there's always room for examination of that, and I intend to do so.    Mr. Neffenger. I think that was across the DHS enterprise, not all TSA. We--it's--we're a subset of that number. I'm always dismayed by misconduct in an agency. We're a very large agency of about 60,000 people. It doesn't surprise me that we occasionally have people who don't act well. I'm concerned about the--its effect on ground. I'm mostly concerned about how you deal with it when you discover it, and I've committed to the inspector general that I will work very closely with him on understanding what the nature of those allegations and misconduct are.    Mr. Neffenger. Well, I think there's a couple factors there. One, there are significantly more people moving through--travelers now than there were ----    Mr. Neffenger. Yes, sir, actually ----    Mr. Neffenger. Well, we'll get you the exact number, but I think you would be surprised at how much of a volume we're seeing. And there's a lot more to worry about at a checkpoint than we ever had before. There's a lot more threats to the system. This is one of the most dynamic threat environments I've ever seen. So the nature of passenger screening is much more complex than it was 15 years ago prior to 9/11.    Mr. Neffenger. I have reviewed the testimony, and as I mentioned, I've put significant controls over expenditures, over costs associated with those expenditures at all levels of the organization.    Mr. Neffenger. Yes, sir. Actually, thank you for that question. I have good news to report on that front. That's one of my concerns, too, coming in. My time in the Coast Guard I spent a fair amount of time on the acquisition side of the house and we had great concerns about small business participation. So it's a particular interest of mine. We do have a small business outreach office, and what I'm pleased to report is that we met our small business participation targets last year for the first time ever, and we continue to do so.    I don't think there's enough competition in the current marketplace, and I think that there's a great deal of entrepreneurial and creative ideas in the small business world.    Mr. Neffenger. We're currently at about 2.4 million people enrolled in pre-check.    Mr. Neffenger. Well, we've done a lot of work with the U.S. Travel Association and other associations connected with the airline industry, and we think we can get the number to 25 million by calendar year 2019.    Mr. Neffenger. Well, we've done a lot more to advertise the program. You need to continually advertise something for people to be aware of it, and I think in my opinion failure to do so over the past few years consistently has reduced its--the awareness of people for it. So there's two factors. One, you have to advertise it and it has to be available, and then you have to have places where people can sign up for it. And those were the two areas that I think that we needed to do a lot of work on.    We've been working very closely with U.S. Travel Association, individual airlines, the airline associations, and the airport associations to increase their advertising. I'm pleased to report that all the major airlines are doing their own versions of advertising. Some of the major airlines have offered to the opportunity to exchange miles for pre-check.    We've gone out to a number--to the U.S. Chamber of Commerce and to a number of the large corporations. Microsoft Corporation, for example, now buys pre-check for all of its travelers, for its frequent travelers. So those kinds of things are helping considerably.    And our enrollment rate now is running about 165,000 per month, which is more than double what we saw this time last year. We think it needs to get a little higher, but between that and the other Trusted Traveler Programs of the government such as Global Entry and NEXUS and SENTRI, we believe, and the associations agree with us, that we think we can get this up to 25 million, which would dramatically change the way we can operate this system by calendar year 2019.    Mr. Neffenger. I think the--currently, the airlines do not make a direct contribution to airline security. There's a passenger security fee that's charged on every ticket. It's capped on a round-trip.    The--we do--we are seeing more baggage come through the checkpoint. I will say that the airlines now are being very diligent about enforcing the one-plus-one rule, and that's helped considerably. We're also experimenting in a number of the large airports with what we call travel-light lane, which gives those individuals who are carrying--who have just, you know, a simple carry on like a briefcase or a purse or something the opportunity to have a dedicated lane which allows us to move significantly more people through. It's the carry-on baggage that is one of the major slowdown points in the checkpoint.    Mr. Neffenger. Well, it's the decision of the airlines to make those fees. I can talk about the impact of people carrying a lot of baggage through the checkpoint. I will say that I think airlines are aware of this. I've had a number of conversations with the CEOs of each of the major airlines. I understand why they made that business decision. I tell them what the impact can be upon us, and they've committed to working with us to ensure that they find ways to reduce that stress at the checkpoint.    Mr. Neffenger. That's right.    Mr. Neffenger. I discontinued that practice explicitly, and in fact have put strong controls on it. I will say that I think an agency--an operating agency needs to be able to move people periodically to places where their skills are needed or for exigent circumstances, but you need strong controls over that. It needs to be done in an open and transparent way, and it needs to be done in a way that is not used for retribution or punitive measures. But I've stopped that.    Mr. Neffenger. If I may, it was not an appropriate use of directed reassignments, and that's why I changed the policy.    Mr. Neffenger. Again, that happened before I arrived as the administrator.    Mr. Neffenger. Well, I'm responsible now, and as I said before, I am not conducting directed reassignments in that manner. If I have to--in fact, I have not directly reassigned anyone under my leadership.    Mr. Neffenger. Again, I would defer to the person who made that decision. I don't allow the policy under my watch, and we're supporting Mr. Rhoades in his complaint, which stands before the Office of Special Counsel right now.    Mr. Neffenger. Well, again, that matter is being investigated right now by the Office of Special Counsel. If they find that to be true, then of course it wasn't appropriate.    Mr. Neffenger. I believe it was brought before the Executive Resources Council under its then-mandate and then recommended to senior leadership beyond that.    Mr. Neffenger. Again, I'm waiting for the results of the Office of Special Counsel investigation. Depending upon what they find, it may point to appropriate discipline.    Mr. Neffenger. I've not placed anyone on administrative leave.    Mr. Neffenger. With respect to the ones you're talking about ----    Mr. Neffenger. Oh, I get a report on those. I will tell you I've not done any directed reassignments, so right now, the update is that we aren't doing that, and I've created a process by which someone can recommend a reassignment, someone can request a reassignment, and then it goes through a series of checks and reviews. That includes the Office of Human Capital, the chief financial officer, the Executive Resources Council, and ultimately comes to the office of the administrator for a decision.    Mr. Neffenger. I don't know who they were directly referring to, Mr. Cummings, but let me tell you how I approach leadership at this organization. The first thing you have to do is set very clear standards, which I have done since I've been there, and very clear expectations and define a vision and a mission for where you're going. And it's directly related to getting our security mission done. And then I hold people accountable for reporting back to me.    So I will tell you this. I have--I sat down with each of my leaders, the people who report directly to me at headquarters and who are responsible for--collectively for the performance of TSA. And I looked each one of them eye to eye, and I've done this repeatedly and I do this weekly, and I do this sometimes daily. And I've said this is what I expect of you. If you fail to perform, then I will hold you accountable. And I hold them accountable by requiring them to report back to me with very specific measures of performance.    I will tell you to date--and I've driven them very hard. I know that because I know how hard I--because I know how hard they're--I'm working and I know how long they're there. And if I'm there at eight o'clock at night and I call somebody, they're there at eight o'clock at night, and then we do that until we get it done.    So what I'm seeing is a leadership team that if driven and pointed in the right direction is doing what I'm asking them to do.    Now, how do you ensure that that stays there in the event, you know, I'm not here after the elections? First of all, I want to--you inspire the workforce to the mission that they first took the oath of office for. You can remind people of the oath of office they took, and I remind everyone that this is a workforce that committed themselves to one of the most challenging missions in the country. And then you have to build the institutional controls and you put them into policy and then you get that policy stamped by the Department of Homeland Security.    And you turn to people like the inspector general and you turn to people like the Secretary of Homeland Security, and you ask them to review your policies and then you put controls at the department level over this.    And then you bring in leaders below you that are career employees that will survive you that are on the same page you are, which I've done. I have a new deputy administrator who came in from outside the agency, and she has a stellar reputation in the Federal Government.    And then you bring in a--I brought in the chief of operations, again, a stellar operator who is a man of superb integrity and who then is responsible for encouraging that going forward.    I will provide for you a list of those kinds of actions we're taking, but I think the way you ensure that it survives is that you don't let it be the decision of one individual anymore, which I don't.    Mr. Neffenger. Well, I don't tolerate that. That's--it's illegal, it's unethical, and it fits in all the categories of the kind of people you don't want any organization. The people who were doing the--most of those directed reassignments are no longer with the agency. They left before my arrival. I'm very interested in the results of the Office of Special Counsel investigation into the existing cases with the individuals who appeared before you. Depending upon those findings, I will take immediate action against that.    It will not be tolerated. I don't tolerate it. It's why I stopped the practice. I don't know how extensive it really was because we know the people that have come forward. But I can tell you that it doesn't happen under--and I made that very clear to everyone.    I also directly support the rights of individuals to come forward. That's valuable information you get from people who have the courage to step forward and tell you what they think is wrong with the organization.    Mr. Neffenger. They can come directly to me, exactly, and I will then, in fact, turn directly to Inspector General Roth and I will ask his assistance in investigating.    Mr. Neffenger. Thank you.    Mr. Neffenger. No, no, the average ----    Mr. Neffenger. I have some flexibility. I don't have much flexibility.    Mr. Neffenger. Yes, sir. They do have protection under civil rights and under the Equal Opportunity Act. In fact, we've explicitly put that into the way in which we govern the agency. So they have all the due process rights and protections are ----    Mr. Neffenger. Well, I'll have to look at that case, but I believe they are fully covered, and it's one of the questions I asked.    Mr. Neffenger. Given the unique nature of the statute, no, but it's been adopted by--it was adopted by previous administrators.    Mr. Neffenger. Well, just to clarify, they actually weren't on the no-fly or the watch list. They were in what was called the TIDE database, the Terrorist Information Datamart Environment. And this is information that may or may not indicate a direct association with terrorism. So one of the first things we did was I wanted the FBI's read on every one of these individuals. And the answer back was that none of them were--met sufficient information to actually directly call them a terrorist or an associate of a terrorist ----    Mr. Neffenger. So that said, we looked back at it. Many of them no longer hold their credentials. Two of them had their credentials removed, and the remainder have actually been scrubbed out of the database on the advice of the FBI. But it was very valuable to get--what it did for us, though, is it allowed us then to get automated access to the categories of that separate database, which then ultimately could feed into the terrorist watch list or the terrorist screening database.    And now we do a full automated review of every single credential holder against that database. And if anybody pops up in any category ----    Mr. Neffenger. Yes, sir, and that was exactly the question that I had about that ----    Mr. Neffenger. I have not, no, sir.    Mr. Neffenger. That's my understanding, yes, sir.    Mr. Neffenger. It's in excess of what should have been spent. In fact, I've capped any relocation reassignment costs.    Mr. Neffenger. Now, the process is, first and foremost, it has to be looked at by the Office of Human Capital. I want them to see is there a need for the relocation. Second, has the individual that you're looking--thinking about relocating, is that something the individual desires, wants, what's the skill set that you need, why would you do that.    Second, I have to have a CFO--the chief financial officer has to sign off on the ability to actually pay for it, and it has to be within a reasonable cost, and we set limits on those reasonable costs.    And then finally, after it gets reviewed by my executive counsel, we make the final decision in the office of the administrator.    Mr. Neffenger. I don't think that level of bonuses justified, period.    Mr. Neffenger. He had a role in directed reassignments. It wasn't the only role in directed reassignments. Those came out of a different office.    Mr. Neffenger. Well, I mean moving--the Office of Security Operations ultimately has to get the people moved from one location to the other and perhaps has to carry out the order to make the movement happen.    Mr. Neffenger. I think he had a role in this, yes.    Mr. Neffenger. I'd like to back up a little bit, Mr. Walker, and talk about--I-- what I found ----    Mr. Neffenger. My first task was to see how--what my leadership team was able to do. And everything I've asked of Mr. Hoggan since I've been here, he has done that. I look all of my leaders and determine whether or not they're qualified for the job ----    Mr. Neffenger. Well, the inspector general took a look at the situation with respect to that. I think that there were people responsible for that who are no longer within the agency.    Mr. Neffenger. I do not currently have a plan to remove Mr. Hoggan. He has performed to my expectations since I've been there, and he--and I have not seen any indiscretions on his part in the time that I've been in TSA.    Mr. Neffenger. Well, I don't know--I don't acknowledge that he had indiscretions. I think he carried out some orders, and those orders resulted in people being reassigned, sometimes for good reason, sometimes maybe for ill-considered reason ----    Mr. Neffenger. Well, and I think that those--some of those issues have then investigated, and they were recommended. We have filled out those recommendations as necessary from the inspector general. I have not seen any direct misconduct on the part of Mr. Hoggan in the time that I've been there.    Mr. Neffenger. Yes, sir. Well, thanks for the question. The--we've seen huge increases in passenger volume. There's no doubt about that. And at peak times we're seeing more people moving through the system than we've ever seen before. Just to put it in perspective, 4 years ago a big day in this country was about 1.6 million passengers going through screening checkpoints. We're well above 2 million passengers daily right now. So that's just a--it's just a volume increase.    And I do think we need to grow the staff slightly to get up to that, and we're working hard on that. In fact, we've been--once we got our appropriation bill passed in December, we began accelerating hiring because, as you know, if you're going to reduce by another 1,600 or so people, we cut into that number well in advance of the fiscal year.    So we are hiring and we're meeting our hiring quotas. I think the good news is is we have people who actually want to come to work for TSA. But it seems to me--and I know you know this is a good management principle--I think we have got to priority-set some metrics. Three hours is unacceptable.    Mr. Neffenger. Well ----    Mr. Neffenger. That's ----    Mr. Neffenger. That's right. And we've been working very closely with the airlines, the airports to understand when those peak loads are coming through and to make sure our staffing meets that. I think we've improved significantly just in the past few weeks.    I'm not aware of any wait times of the length that you're talking about right now, and I track them daily. And I look at passenger volume daily and I look out across all of the airports that ----    Mr. Neffenger. I will do that.    Mr. Neffenger. Well, I've got good news to report on that. We're--so, as you know, that academy stood up for the first time ever on January 1 of this year, so this is new for us. And we are pushing now eight concurrent classes, about 200 officers a week. We--it takes about 4 months to on-board somebody new, and during--and we typically bring them on board and they have to get their security background checks and the like, and then we get them right into a training class shortly after that. So we're actually seeing the ability to move people right in, and we're still ----    Mr. Neffenger. It's on average 4 to 5 months, but that--but during that time you're going through the background checks and the like to determine if they're ----    Mr. Neffenger. Well, now, it's--we're doing ----    Mr. Neffenger. No, no. Now, we're putting 100 percent of our new hires through FLETC. It used to be the case that we trained, you know, at various places on the job around the country. We are going to make a couple of exceptions because of the need to get some more officers out in front of the summer travel season, so we're doing--we've--we're taking the FLETC curriculum and we're doing it locally in a couple of key locations. But we are ----    Mr. Neffenger. We're using the same FLETC ----    Mr. Neffenger. Well, from my opinion it's not ideal.    Mr. Neffenger. I would like to do everything--if the--we're still--we're building out capacity and FLETC has been working with us to allow for that capacity ----    Mr. Neffenger. I think I've got to airports right now that have asked the authorization.    Mr. Neffenger. What we've said is that we will do it on an as-needed basis. We aren't currently doing any local training classes because we're able to--we've been working with FLETC to increase the class offerings there. So ----    Mr. Neffenger. There is a clear policy, yes, sir.    Mr. Neffenger. Yes, sir. I will do that.    Mr. Hice.--and let us have a copy of that?    In regard to the bonuses, I would like to go back and ask a couple of questions regarding Mr. Hoggan. You are aware that the $90,000 in bonuses were broken up in increments of $10,000 each. Could you explain why the agency did it this way, why it was broken up that way?    Mr. Neffenger. Well, as I understand it--and as you know, that was done under previous leadership, but as I understand it, it was because the maximum amount allowable on any given bonus was $10,000.    Mr. Neffenger. I'm sorry, say again?    Mr. Neffenger. Smurfing? I am not familiar with the term.    Mr. Neffenger. It does now. I will tell you that there is nothing in my experience that finds that justifiable. It's why I stopped the--it doesn't matter if it didn't violate policy ----    Mr. Neffenger. It just looks--it just doesn't pass the front-page test for me.    Mr. Neffenger. I just don't like it. I don't think it's right, and I stopped that practice. And I make sure now that all of our bonuses have to be approved at the department level, and I severely restricted them within TSA.    Mr. Neffenger. Yes. I've expressly prohibited it, and I made that very clear in policy. I'm happy to provide that policy for the committee's record. And I require oversight from the Department before any bonus can be awarded to a senior executive.    Mr. Neffenger. Yes.    Mr. Neffenger. Not under my leadership. And I've made clear that we put that directly into policy, and I made sure that even--that no single individual can approve a bonus award for a senior executive without oversight, and it has to be approved by the Department. Even I don't--I've not even given myself the authority to make the final approval. It goes through the Department for oversight.    Mr. Neffenger. Yes, sir.    Mr. Neffenger. I'm sure there were good reasons for people before me to reduce that. I think it was predicated on a prediction of higher numbers of people getting into expedited screening than we've seen. It's just a fact that we're smaller agency on the frontline workforce than we were before and that we had significantly more people moving through the system.    Mr. Neffenger. We--I think we have a shortage of staff across the system right now. We're moving people into the areas of greatest volume and greatest need. We are hiring back the people that have been slated to be attrited out this year, and we've--we're pushing about 200 new officers every week.    So what I'm hoping to do is build back a sufficient staff to meet the peak staffing that we need. We currently cannot staff effectively across the system to the peak volume periods.    Mr. Neffenger. Well, I think the budgets were predicated on what was predicted to be 2 percent volume growth. I think we use the Bureau of Transportation Statistics predictions, and you remember, these budgets were built a couple of years ago. The actual volume growth has been significantly higher than that, so in my opinion, we're not at the right size.    That said, I appreciate all the great comments about our workforce because we have a really dedicated workforce, and they're doing a very challenging job out there and doing it quite well. I'd like to get them some more help.    Mr. Neffenger. Yes, sir. Thank you.    Mr. Neffenger. Well, Congress just approved a reprogramming request, which will allow me to hire another 768 screeners--screening officers this summer, and we'll get them out in the workforce, we hope, by the middle of June. That will significantly help us.    We've also been working with the airlines and the airports, and they are taking on some of the non-security-related duties, which helps free up more of my officers to go on--directly on to the screening checkpoints. I think with the combination of those two and the use of our passenger screening K-9s should significantly alleviate some of the challenges that we're going to be facing over the summer.    Mr. Neffenger. Yes, sir, absolutely.    Mr. Neffenger. Yes, sir.    Mr. Carter.--and of course it is in my district. And I am very proud of that. I look at that as being one of the areas that we are getting right in the Federal Government. I mean, to go down there--and I want to invite my colleagues here on this committee particularly to visit because--and we will try to schedule a trip down there for everyone to see just what an outstanding job they are doing down there in the way of training.    And I mention that because I want to make sure that we are not confusing these well-trained employees with the problem that we are having that I consider to be more in performance and more in management in particular. When you talk about having a shortage of employees, that is not because they are not well-trained. That is a management problem.    Mr. Neffenger. Yes, sir.    Mr. Neffenger. Well, thank you for that. And thank you for recognizing that our frontline workforce--I believe it to be one of the best in the world. I really do. I've seen their dedication. I've talked to them. I've been down to FLETC multiple times now. I meet with as many of the classes as I can when I go down there, and that is a world-class institution, which is why I was really excited about the opportunity to stand up a full-time academy down there. And Connie Patrick, who runs that outfit, is one of the best in the world.    Mr. Neffenger. And we're looking forward to continuing to develop that. My goal is ultimately to train every single employee of TSA through that academy.    Mr. Neffenger. That's the plan in the future, and we've got a pretty aggressive plan, a pretty ambitious plan, but I'm getting a lot of support from Congress on that, and I really appreciate that.    Mr. Neffenger. Yes, sir, that's exactly right.    Mr. Carter.--once they get there because we obviously, as you can tell, a lot of upset people here today, and obviously, we have a management problem at TSA, and we are depending on you to get that straightened out.    Mr. Neffenger. And that's what I've been tackling, yes, sir.    Mr. Neffenger. I believe it did happen. I share the same concerns you do. I stopped that policy completely. We don't do directed reassignment.    Now, that said, I think it's important for an operating agency to have the ability to move people periodically. You have to do that. I mean, it's a security agency ----    Mr. Neffenger. And ----    Mr. Carter.--what their concern was ----    Mr. Neffenger. And it needs to be ----    Mr. Carter.--is they were being disciplined as a result.    Mr. Neffenger. No, and that's what my concern was, too, so I've put some very strong controls over that process. I'll share with you the nature of those controls so that we don't take up too much committee time, but I will tell you that I'm as concerned as you are about that. I--those reports greatly distressed me. I stopped that process. It's not going to happen again.    Mr. Neffenger. Yes, sir. You can absolutely take my word on that.    Mr. Neffenger. Yes, sir.    Mr. Neffenger. That was the case, yes, ma'am.    Mr. Neffenger. It was during the same time period, yes, ma'am.    Mr. Neffenger. I am, yes, ma'am.    Mr. Neffenger. It's coming to an end this year, and we are completely restructuring our approach to that. I would like TSA to own more of its hiring, recruitment, and personnel policies, and so we're restructuring that completely. It's part of the plan to completely overhaul the human resource management program of the agency.    Mr. Neffenger. We don't have all the capacity we need, and what I'd like to do is if I can get back to you with a fuller answer for the record, we can show you what the plan is, what the strategy is for moving forward beyond the HRAccess contract.    Mr. Neffenger. Yes, ma'am, I share those same concerns. And we have to do this in a very deliberate way, in a way that protects our workforce as it currently exists and in our potential workforce for the future.    Mr. Neffenger. Yes, sir, I am.    Mr. Neffenger. Yes, sir, I am.    Mr. Neffenger. Yes, sir.    Mr. Neffenger. Well, I don't believe I did. I believe he was reinstated as required by the decision ----    Mr. Neffenger. Well, I'll double-check the pay ----    Mr. Neffenger. But I'm--off the top of my head, I can't give you the exact pay of any--of TSA employees.    Mr. Neffenger. Well, you get the annual cost-of-living increases that are authorized by ----    Mr. Neffenger. Well, I'll check to see. I'm--I would be surprised ----    Mr. Neffenger. I don't--I'd have to see the facts of the case. I wouldn't necessarily call it ----    Mr. Neffenger. Depending on ----    Mr. Neffenger. If in fact there is retaliation, I will look into ----    Mr. Neffenger.--the situation with that.    Mr. Meadows.--Office of Special Counsel having to open a full investigation?    Mr. Neffenger. On Mr. MacLean?    Mr. Neffenger. Are you talking about the one that was already done ----    Mr. Neffenger. Well, if they're opening one again, it's because he's made an allegation that there's been retaliation. I support his due process to investigate that. I am not familiar with the specifics of this current situation ----    Mr. Neffenger. I'm familiar with the fact that we've reinstated him and that he now is in position to compete for whatever position he desires to compete for ----    Mr. Neffenger. Well, I don't tolerate it either, and I promise you I will--following this ----    Mr. Neffenger. I will follow up on this colloquy to determine what the actual situation currently is.    Mr. Neffenger. I have your commitment ----    Mr. Neffenger. Well, I will get back to you exactly with what I find. I'm interested in ----    Mr. Neffenger. Well, I can do it within 30 days. As I said, what I want to do is look at--this is new information that you're providing to me that I'm not aware of. I need to look at this ----    Mr. Neffenger. Well, I'm aware of the previous issue concerning ----    Mr. Neffenger. Well, I'm not sure what the Federal security director's discussion was. Let me tell you from my perspective what we've done.    Mr. Neffenger. We are--I like the--we call them passenger screening K-9s, Vapor Wake dogs. These are dogs that work the passenger line, and they look for trace odors and they follow them back to their source. It's a tremendous resource. It's a great explosive detection technology that we have, and it can move people very efficiently through a security line.    I don't have as many of those dogs as I'd like to have, and so to meet--so this is my decision, so I'm the guy you need to look at for this. It was my decision to take dogs from some airports that aren't seeing as much volume as some of the largest airports on--for the coming summer in order to meet what we know to be the real passenger volumes that we're going to see in these large airports. It was never my intention to eliminate their use.    We're also--so right now, we have about 322 total dogs that TSA operates. Most of those were trained to do cargo sniffing, not passenger screening. We're in the process of converting as many of those as we can to passenger screening K-9s. It takes about a month or so to do that.    Mr. Neffenger. And we're continuing to do that.    Mr. Neffenger. I don't have that exact number. I'll get that for you.    Mr. Neffenger. Turnover in offices is always challenging.    Mr. Neffenger. Yes, sir. In fact, I've brought in a new chief of intelligence this year, and, I mean, he's an intelligence professional, and one of the things I asked him to do was to ensure that we built a world-class, high-quality intelligence operation. And he's in the process of doing that.    Mr. Neffenger. That's Mr. Bush, Tom Bush, yes, sir.    Mr. Neffenger. I'm not sure if you're referencing anything in particular. I am ----    Mr. Neffenger. I know that prior to my arrival there was an individual who was in charge of OIA who had been disciplined by the agency.    Mr. Neffenger. Yes.    Mr. Neffenger. That ----    Mr. Neffenger. It was ----    Mr. Neffenger. My understanding, that was not the issue that that was about, no, sir.    Mr. Neffenger. Oh, I was--with Stephen Sadler--I need to familiarize myself with that case. I'm sorry, sir.    Mr. Neffenger. I'll get you the exact number for the record, but we--a significant amount of our activity is spent on vetting, understanding the vetted population, but we also have a strong analysis branch that works very closely with the intelligence community members to provide specific intelligence assessments of transportation security challenges and risks.    Mr. Neffenger. That's actually not correct. Well, it depends on what you mean by security checks. We vet anyone who holds a credential ----    Mr. Neffenger. So this would be screening of individuals as they ----    Mr. Neffenger.--enter the property?    Mr. Palmer.--they are reporting for work, yes. I should have been more clear.    Mr. Neffenger. Okay.    Mr. Neffenger. There are currently, I think, three or four airports that do--that the airport themselves do a security screening. There are other places where employers provide security screening. But we are at varying levels across the system right now for direct screening. Everyone has access requirements, and that's a fundamental requirement. And those access requirements are with their badge, and those badges give you access to certain locations. And then there are some airports that have gone beyond that to do actual screening. We in TSA do random screenings throughout the sterile area of the airports as well.    Mr. Neffenger. Well, we've had no TSA employees that have ties to terrorist groups. We vet our people daily, and if we ever found that ----    Mr. Neffenger. We ----    Mr. Palmer.--that came up, that it was reported that there were some who had some connection to terrorist--or potentially had terrorist ties. And I am bringing this up in the context of out of the thousands of people who work for TSA, all of whom have security badges, it just makes sense before they enter these critical areas that they go through a screening process like everybody else. Their bag goes through a machine, they go through the machine like everybody else.    Mr. Neffenger. Congressman, I want to make sure I understand what we are saying. First of all, there's--there are the people who are not TSA employees who have access badges to airports, and they are--and we vet those people continuously against--there's a population of about 900,000 or so in the aviation system that have access badges of some type. And it's varying types of access and they're not all accessing the same locations.    Those people are continuously vetted against the terrorist screening database. They're now continuously vetted against extended database elements, the so-called TIDE database. And they're also recurrently vetted against the criminal database. We are piloting a continuous vetting pilot with the FBI.    Mr. Neffenger. And then TSA employees are also vetted against those--our own employees.    Mr. Neffenger. In some locations they do, and in some locations they do not.    Mr. Neffenger. I do not have any direct evidence. What I'm waiting for is to see what the results of the Office of Special Counsel investigation tells me with respect to a couple of the people who have made such allegations.    Mr. Neffenger. I am waiting for--as Mr. Rhoades has an outstanding investigation, which is still pending. In the meantime, I was pleased to see that, prior to my arrival, that that had been stayed and he is still located in the ----    Mr. Neffenger. Same with hers. I understand that hers is still undergoing review as well.    Mr. Neffenger. I myself do not have any ----    Chairman Chaffetz.--retaliation? Do you have any other evidence of any other types of retaliation above and beyond the directed reassignment tool that they had used?    Mr. Neffenger. I don't have personally any knowledge of any other retaliation. If I see it, I will take action to address it.    Mr. Neffenger. Yes, sir, I will.    Mr. Neffenger. It's a standard national agency check. It's the same type of check you do for people coming into the military first time. You do a criminal history background check, you check their name against the terrorist screen database, you look for any disqualifying activities, offenses, or the like in their background prior to coming on board.    Mr. Neffenger. There are. I can't enumerate those off the top of my head, but there are some ----    Mr. Neffenger. Yes, sir, I will.    Mr. Neffenger. Well, once--oh, you mean after they've been hired?    Mr. Neffenger. Well, we do recurrent criminal history ----    Mr. Neffenger. In the aviation system.    Mr. Neffenger. Well, they all have photographs. As you know, those are issued--these are the badges that airports and airlines issue their individuals, and it's set individually at each airport. So a badge that you have for Atlanta Hartsfield will not work in any other airport. So these are issued by employers and the airport. It's--usually the standard is set according to--there's a Federal security standard that they have to meet in order for the badge--so they all have to have photographic IDs and they all have to have a biometric identifier associated with them, but not all of those biometric identifiers are necessarily in use for access purposes at every airport.    Mr. Neffenger. Well, I don't want to confuse this with the TWIC card, the Transportation Workers Identification Credential. It's not a credential that's used in the aviation system. The Transportation Worker's Identification Credential is not a credential that's used in the aviation system. That's the one that is primarily used in the maritime transportation system and people who are interacting with that.    That one does not currently have a--readers for it. So that biometric in the maritime world is not currently in use, so it's still a--I mean, it's a badge that--or card that's issued with a background check. It has a biometric on it but not all the readers are out there. But in the aviation system--so that's a government-issued card. It's a joint program between the Coast Guard and TSA. It does not apply to aviation workers. The--that's a--there's a much larger population of people who hold that TWIC card.    Mr. Neffenger. You ----    Mr. Neffenger. You cannot use it in an airport.    Mr. Neffenger. Yes, sir.    Chairman Chaffetz.--is that what you are talking about?    Mr. Neffenger. Yes. Truckers that interact with the ports and the like.    Mr. Neffenger. Well, we do check out--each person. They do recurrent drug testing, they do--we vet them against the databases, we watch them every day. Remember, these are people who are standing in the security checkpoint day in and day out and we pay close attention to ----    Mr. Neffenger. Well, that's not necessarily true. We do a lot of integrity testing. In fact, we have a pretty good integrity testing program, I think, and we--if we find people doing wrong ----    Mr. Neffenger.--we get rid of them.    Chairman Chaffetz.--you are checking and screening every person that goes through except the TSA people.    Mr. Neffenger. Well, they're--I mean, they're checked by definition when they show up in the morning. They are vetted every single day. Like I said, we look at them every single day. They're probably some of the most watched people in the transportation system because they're under the watchful eyes of supervisors, they're under the watchful eyes of the other screening workforce. So I believe that we're doing a very good job of keeping track of those folks. These are really good people, and they've taken ----    Mr. Neffenger. We have had arrests.    Mr. Neffenger. Yes, I think it's a hugely important piece of the security environment. I like dogs, too. I'm a big fan of them. In fact, I've been advocating for more K-9s in the screening--in the aviation security environment.    Mr. Neffenger. Mr. Chairman, I am a shocked as you are by people who bring guns to the airport. And you're right, we saw many, many more last year than we saw the year before. TSA is not a law enforcement agency so I don't have the authority to take action against individuals. The protocol is that when we see a gun, it gets held inside the x-ray machine. We call local law enforcement, and then it's up to local law enforcement and the laws of whatever jurisdiction that they cover to take action against that.    We can take action against an individual. We can strip them of their pre-check eligibility if they come through a pre-check line, but it's--we have to turn them over to local law enforcement and then it--and is whatever the law is it ----    Mr. Neffenger. Well, again, it--you--we know that we have laws in this land where people are allowed to conceal carry, where they are allowed to open carry, and in many States the local law enforcement says take that back out to your car and then come back in. Sometimes they get arrested. If you're in New York State, you'll get arrested. If you're someplace else, you might not get arrested.    I would--you know, I just don't want that stuff coming through the checkpoint. I mean, it's astonishing what people try to bring through checkpoints these days.    Mr. Neffenger. Well, we are working very hard. We encourage local law enforcement to take as strong of action as they can. I think if somebody brings a live smoke grenade onto a plane, they shouldn't be allowed to fly anymore, but I don't have the authority to make that decision.    Mr. Neffenger. I think that there needs to be--we're doing this. I think there needs to be work done on the way in which we do discipline and performance management across the board. I--the law--as you know, the Aviation and Transportation Security Act set up somewhat of a bifurcated system, and it needs to be consolidated, it needs to be coordinated.    Mr. Neffenger. I think that was an excessive amount of money to pay for that. We don't use that app. That was done, as you know, back in 2013. And we're not using that.    Mr. Neffenger. And I'm not sure which watch floor transformation he's referring to, but what I've done is we've done a complete review of our entire acquisition process, and from my perspective, there are lots of opportunities to save taxpayer money in our current processes.    Mr. Neffenger. I'm not familiar with that, but I'm going to go back and look for that.    Mr. Neffenger. Well, it won't be at 21 locations. We've given the authority ----    Mr. Neffenger. Right. We've given ----    Mr. Neffenger.--on an as-needed basis, yes, sir.    Mr. Mica.--JFK ----    Mr. Neffenger. That's right.    Mr. Mica.--La Guardia, Miami, LAX. I mean, these are the big ones, too.    Mr. Neffenger. Yes, sir.    Mr. Neffenger. Well, I ----    Mr. Neffenger. I don't believe we lack any guide, sir.    Mr. Neffenger. It depends--I'll have to check the exact rules. I know that we follow the ----    Mr. Neffenger. Sure.    Mr. Mica.--finally, Mr. Chairman, I have asked for some information about salaries, both within the District, and then overall I want to see for the record the amount for screening and the non-screening positions in your highest-paid positions, a complete list of them and the totals ----    Mr. Neffenger. Yes, sir.    Mr. Mica.--and salaries. Thank you. I yield back.    Mr. Neffenger. Thank you.    Mr. Neffenger. I'll get you the policy for the record, Mr. Chairman, so that you can see what we've done.