    Mr. Marino. The Subcommittee on Regulatory Reform, Commercial and Antitrust Law will come to order. Without objection, the Chair is authorized to declare a recess of the Committee at any time, and that is going to take place in about 30 minutes, 30 to 40 minutes because we will be voting.    Welcome to this hearing entitled ``Assessing the Obama Years: OIRA and Regulatory Impacts on Jobs, Wages, and Economic Recovery.'' This topic is of the highest importance to working Americans. The last recession ended in 2009, but the economy has been limping along ever since. Job growth has been weak. Households' incomes have stayed put. The economy has not grown by more than 3 percent in any of the one of these years. One clear contributor is the growing Federal regulatory burden.    Under the Obama administration, the number of major regulations promulgated per year has increased dramatically. In 2015, Federal regulations imposed an estimated cost of $1.89 trillion. To put this in perspective, U.S. regulatory costs now exceed the gross domestic product of both Australia and Canada. Numerous studies and the agencies themselves concede that on an industry-specific level, regulations lead to job losses. At a minimum, the data also establishes probable cause for concern that regulations decrease employment in the aggregate. Data shows that even where workers in regulated industries find new jobs, the displacement triggers a lifetime of physical and economic problems.    Accordingly, as President Obama's former OIRA Administrator Cass Sunstein said, ``Regulators must take that possibility seriously.'' Unfortunately, regulators are not following this prudent path.    A recent study of agencies' Regulatory Impact Analyses found that only approximately 20 percent qualified employment effects. Since 2009, the Obama administration has imposed 229 major regulations at a cost, by its own estimate, of $108 billion annually. Merely administrating regulations in 2015 was estimated to cost taxpayers over $57 billion, an 83 percent increase over 2001. The effects are dire.    A September 2015 study by a Princeton Nobel laureate shows ``shocking'' rising mortality among blue collar segments of society. According to the study's author, ``those are the people who have really been hammered by the economic malaise. Their wages in real terms have been going down.'' The economic stress is leading to drug and alcohol dependency and death, mental health problems, and even suicide. The Administration is dismissive. It circumvents reasonable procedures designed to limit burdensome regulations. It uses technical gimmicks to claim speculative benefits outweigh regulatory cost.    Delegations of power are read broadly, while limitations are read narrowly. Half of the Administration's vetoes have been used to block congressional objections to controversial regulations.    OIRA is supposed to be the gatekeeper, the entity that helps fight overregulation and protect small businesses and the American worker.    Unfortunately, on some of the most costly and controversial regulations of the last 8 years, OIRA has not proven an effective check. For example, it never insisted upon the required small business impact analysis for EPA's Waters of the United States regulation, despite its obvious sweeping reach. Nor has it questioned agencies' excessive reliance on co-benefits and performing required cost-benefit analyses. In fact, one of the reasons agencies have to inflate the claimed benefit of their rules is to outweigh skyrocketing cost because they are regulating well into the region of diminishing marginal returns where one must spend increasingly more to achieve increasingly less. This track record makes me concerned about ``Midnight Rules'' at the end of this Administration.    Midnight Regulations impose the ongoing Administration's agenda on the country before an incoming Administration can stop it. So today, it is important to ask what serious steps will OIRA take to prevent this final abuse? The legacy of this Administration will be severe damage to hardworking Americans, our economy, and the rule of law.    Discretion afforded administrative agencies by Congress has been abused. Major decisions were made not by the people's Representatives in Congress, but by unelected bureaucrats. This cannot stand. I hope Administrator Shelanski can offer ideas on making OIRA more effective. I also hope to hear from our second panel of witnesses about needed reforms.    The Chair now recognizes the Ranking Member of the Subcommittee on Regulatory Reform, Commercial and Antitrust Law, the gentleman from Georgia, Congressman Johnson, for his opening statement.    Mr. Marino. The Chair now recognizes the gentleman of the full Judiciary Committee, Mr. Bob Goodlatte of Virginia, for his opening statement.    Mr. Marino. The Chair recognizes the full Judiciary Committee Ranking Member, the gentleman from Michigan, Congressman Conyers for his opening statement.    Mr. Marino. Without objection, other Members' opening statements will be made part of the record. Before we break for voting, I would like to swear you in, sir, if you don't mind, so would you please stand and raise your right hand.    Administrator Shelanski, do you swear that the testimony you're about to give before this Committee is the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth, so help you God?    Mr. Marino. Let the record reflect that the witness has responded in the affirmative, and thank you. Please be seated. We're going to head to vote now. We have five votes. They're beginning now with a 15-minute vote and then four 5-minute votes, so it looks like we're looking at pretty close to at least a half hour, and I apologize for that, but we will get back as soon as possible, sir.    Mr. Marino. The hearing will now come to order and resume.    I will now introduce our esteemed witness. And, thank you. I apologize again for making you wait. Dr. Howard Shelanski was confirmed by the United States Senate in June 2013 as the administrator of the Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs, otherwise known as OIRA. Prior to his confirmation, Administrator Shelanski served as the director of the FTC's Bureau of Economics, and as chief economist for the Federal Communications Commission. Administrator Shelanski also served as senior economist for the President's Council for Economic Advisers.    Prior to working for the government, Administrator Shelanski practiced law and taught at both Georgetown University and the University of California at Berkeley. He received his BA from Haverford College and his J.D. and Ph.D. in economics from the University of California at Berkeley. Following law school, he clerked first at the District and the Appellate Courts levels and then for Justice Antonin Scalia on the U.S. Supreme Court.    The witness' written statements will be entered into the record in its entirety. And, I ask, sir, that--you have been here before. You know how it works. Now, because we're not in the original room, we have no lights. We don't even have a timer. Somebody's going to sit beside me and tap me on the shoulders. And, when you get at about 4\1/2\ minutes, I will just diplomatically hold the hammer up. I will not hit anything or anyone, and just try to wrap up then in the next 30 seconds to a minute.    So Administrator Shelanski, please.    Mr. Marino. Do you think you will be able to get back to us as to when you can complete that list before July 20?    Mr. Marino. Thank you.    Your written testimony outlines steps you took ``to avoid an end-of-the-year rush,'' which we have seen concerning regulations with all Administrations. Essentially, you requested that agencies act promptly. Supposing they refuse your request, what consequences would they face--not could they face, but would they face--with you if that information is not put together?    Mr. Marino. Let's expand a little bit on that question and your statement. You said you do not have--you may not have time because of what the agency has not done or fulfilled their request. But as the Administrator, how do you respond to that? It's like, you know, I ask my kids to have something done, and it's not done, there are consequences. Maybe we should start running the government a little more like we, parents, supervise our children.    Mr. Marino. Don't you think there should be some type of--I don't want to use the word ``sanction,'' but some type of notice or warning, public notice or warning to that agency, to that department, that we requested this information, the time has lapsed, we have had no response? Or is it even a situation where you have requested an extension?    I mean, the American people have to understand what is not taking place. And, elected officials and those that are appointed to office can simply just not ignore because this is what gets us into the problems that we're in with the debt and a whole litany of other issues. But there are responsibilities. I came from industry. You're an officer of the court. You know when a judge says I want this done by this date; if it's not done, there are sanctions. So why are the bureaucrats, why would the elected officials be immune from this?    I think part of your responsibility and other Administrators' responsibility is to make it publicly known that your request wasn't fulfilled, and the agency is lacking in getting American people information. What say you?    Mr. Marino. I agree with you. I'm way over my time and I apologize. But what would help is probably you giving them a little nudge and saying, if this isn't done by a certain time, I'm going to send notice over to the Committee that's responsible for oversight or budgeting you, and explain to them that you're not cooperating. Maybe that's what we need.    But with that, my time has expired. I thank you, and I now yield to the Ranking Member of the Subcommittee, Mr. Johnson, for his questioning.    Mr. Marino. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas, Congressman Ratcliffe.    Mr. Marino. Thank you.    The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Michigan, Congressman Trott.    Mr. Marino. Seeing no other Members on the dais, this concludes today's first panel.    Administrator, I want to thank you so very much for being here. And, once again, I apologize for the delay. I want to thank you for agreeing to get that information to me before the 20th. I really appreciate that. You are excused, sir.    Mr. Marino. And, would the second panel please come up to the hearing table.    We are missing one of the witnesses, but we're going to get started in the interest of time.    I would ask the gentlemen at the table, would you please stand and raise your right hand to be sworn in. Do you swear that the testimony you're about to give before this Committee is the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth so help you God? Thank you. Please be seated and let the record reflect that the witnesses have acknowledged in the affirmative.    Mr. Crews, if you would just continue standing and raise your right hand. We just swore the other witnesses in. Do you swear that the testimony you're about to give before this Committee is the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth so help you God? I do. Let the record reflect that the witness has acknowledged that he does affirm in the positive.    The four distinguished members of this area of expertise to testify before us today, and I will begin with introducing Dr. William Beach.    Mr. Marino. Sir, I'm going to just go through everybody's.    Mr. Marino. It's not. We will start from ground zero.    Our next invitee is Mr. Clyde Wayne Crews, Jr. Mr. Wayne Crews is vice president for policy and director of technology studies at the Competitive Enterprise Institute, a former Cato Institute scholar as well as a Senate and FDA staffer. He is widely published and a frequent speaker on a range of policy issues at venues, including the National Academies, European Commission-sponsored conferences, and the Spanish Ministry of Justice.    Mr. Crews is co-editor of the books ``Who Rules the Net?: Internet Governance and Jurisdiction,'' and ``Copy Fights: The Future of Intellectual Property in the Information Age.'' His other works are cited in dozens of law reviews and journals. Mr. Crews is a father of five, received his B.S. From Lander College and his MBA from William & Mary.    Welcome, sir.    The next witness is Professor David M. Driesen. Is that correct, sir?    Mr. Marino. Driesen. Thank you, sir.    David M. Driesen is a university professor at Syracuse University, the 13th person in the history of the university to receive this honor, and a member scholar of the Center for Progressive Reform. He teaches environmental law, and his scholarship focuses primarily on law and economics and environmental law, including a substantial body of work on OIRA, or otherwise known as OIRA, review, and cost-benefit analysis.    His books include ``The Economic Dynamics of Environmental Law'' and ``Economic Thought in U.S. Climate Change Policy.'' He sits on the editorial board of the various international and environmental law journals. Professor Driesen holds a bachelor's degree in music from Oberlin College, a master's degree in music from the Yale School of Music, and earned his J.D. At the Yale Law School.    Welcome, Professor.    Mr. Marino. Our final witness is Dr. Holtz-Eakin, built an international reputation as a scholar doing research in areas of applied economics policy, econometrics methods, and entrepreneurship. He began his career at Columbia University in 1985, and moved to Syracuse University from 1990 to 2001. During 2001 to 2002, he was a chief economist of the President's Council of Economic Advisers. From 2003 to 2005, he was the sixth director of the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office, which provides budgetary and policy analysis to the U.S. Congress.    Currently, he is the president of the American Action Forum, and recently was a commissioner on the congressionally-chartered Financial Crisis Inquiry Commission. Dr. Holtz-Eakin received his B.A. From Denison University and his Ph.D. from Princeton University.    Welcome, Doctor. Thank you, all, for being here.    Now, Dr. Beach, you're up.TESTIMONY OF WILLIAM W. BEACH, Ph.D., VICE PRESIDENT FOR POLICY     Mr. Marino. Thank you.    Professor Driesen.    Mr. Marino. Thank you. Dr. Holtz-Eakin.    Mr. Marino. Thank you. I will start by questioning the witnesses for my 5-minute period.    Dr. Holtz-Eakin, what are some potential reforms that could stem midnight regulations?    Mr. Marino. Dr. Beach, when the Administration, whatever the Administration it happened to be, at the end of their period, imposes major changes through guidance or other regulatory dark matter, is the damage--is there damage to the economy and is there damage to our government and our liberties?    Mr. Marino. Mr. Crews, would you care to respond to my question?    Mr. Marino. Professor Driesen, I--tell me if I've understood you correctly. You were saying that there's no need for OIRA at all?    Mr. Marino. Dr. Holtz-Eakin, you heard Professor's comment about quantifying cost, but there are, in my opinion, many other areas where we can quantify cost, and particularly when it comes to jobs, and more so, small businesses. You know, what say you about regulations that have come down at--with this Administration beyond what we've seen in the past, but other Administrations as well, what's it doing to our jobs in the United States, and particularly, small business jobs?    Mr. Marino. My time is more than expired, and I now ask Congressman Johnson for 5 minutes of questioning, or 6.    Mr. Marino. I have another question I'd like to ask, and if you would like to, Hank, you certainly can.    Even I don't consider Professor Driesen to be hostile, so this will pertain to you as well, sir, if you care to. Can you give me an end-of-term grade that would assign--that you would assign to the Obama administration for its performance in regulating without inflicting unnecessary economic harm or imposing unnecessary regulations?    Dr. Beach?    Mr. Marino. Thank you. Dr. Crews--Mr. Crews.    Mr. Marino. Professor Driesen.    Mr. Marino. Dr. Holtz-Eakin.    Mr. Marino. Mr. Crews, did I not hear you give a grade? If I did not hear you, then my ear is as bad as my arm.    Mr. Marino. You did or didn't?    Mr. Marino. You did. I think--what was yours? I'm sorry.    Mr. Marino. So is that an A, C, or an E?    Mr. Marino. Okay. Now, one more thing I want to ask each of you to respond to. How important to each--how important is the fact that we must look at the economics involved when it comes to job creation or job loss in regulation, if it's important, in your opinion, at all?    Dr. Beach.    Mr. Marino. Mr. Crews.    Mr. Marino. Professor Driesen.    Mr. Marino. Dr. Holtz-Eakin.    Mr. Marino. Thank you. Mr. Johnson, do you have any questions?    Mr. Marino. Thank you all for being here. This concludes our hearing, and without objection, all Members will have 5 legislative days to submit additional written questions for the witnesses or additional materials for the record. The hearing is adjourned.