    Mr. Fitz. Chairman Murphy and esteemed members of the Oversight and Investigations Subcommittee, as indicated, my name is Victor Fitz and I am the prosecutor in Cass County, Michigan. Cass County is a medium-sized county in lower Michigan abutting South Bend on the Indiana border. We are equidistant from Chicago and Detroit, 2 hours to the west of Chicago, 2 hours to the east is Detroit. I want to thank you for the opportunity to be here today both on behalf of the Cass County Prosecutor's Office as well as the Prosecuting Attorneys Association of Michigan, particularly to address this very serious and horrifying epidemic that we are facing in Michigan as well as the Nation as a whole.    Michigan, like the rest of our States, is extremely diverse from county to county, but we are all similar in one way, Michigan from our Upper Peninsula to the shores of Lake Superior right down to our urban areas of Detroit, Saginaw, Muskegon, Flint and the like, and that is that we are dealing with the devastating problem of prescription drug abuse and heroin abuse. It is devastating all of our communities. It is not just an inner city problem. It is not just a rural problem. It is there and everywhere in between.    All people are vulnerable to abusing these drugs because they are so very addictive. This abuse can start innocently, for instance, a teenager who becomes addicted to OxyContin after a serious athletic injury or someone perhaps recreationally who starts using less addictive drugs and graduates their drug use to heroin. It takes only one time to become addicted to heroin, and that one time is ruining futures, it is ruining families, and it is ruining lives.    The opiates found in prescription pills are the addictive ingredient in heroin, and that is why users of prescription drugs eventually seem to turn to heroin. It is also simple economics. As we have found in Michigan as well as other parts of the Nation, it is actually cheaper to use heroin than prescription drugs on many occasions. We found in Michigan that heroin is actually cheaper in many areas than even marijuana. It can be smoked, it can be snorted, and it can be injected. It is quick and it is easy.    Statistics in the State of Michigan indicate that in the year 2001, there were 271 heroin overdose deaths in our State--I am sorry. That would have been the year 2001 and 2002, a 2-year period. Fast-forward to 2011. That number quadrupled. For one year, the year 2011 had 728 heroin deaths.    I know the congressional representative from Colorado spoke earlier about the 8,000 heroin deaths in the United States, and allow me just for a moment to personalize that from a prosecutor's perspective, from a law enforcement perspective. We had about 2 years ago in Cass County and Bering County in southwest Michigan, our two counties, we had a heroin death that occurred, or suspected heroin death. In Michigan we now have a law that indicates that if you deliver heroin or any drug and that causes the death of that person, it is the equivalent of a second-degree murder charge. Unfortunately, because of the newness of this statute, law enforcement not having protocols, did not seize upon the opportunity to investigate in that fashion initially. So as the investigation did take forward once my office became aware of it by the exhumation of the body, which I can tell you was something that was quite traumatic to the victims of the teen who had been killed from suspected drug activity. While that investigation was going on, in an effort to show that the death came from the use of heroin and other drugs that were supplied, this individual was still out on bond and he again delivered to another person, who also died from a heroin overdose. I can tell you that the pain and the agony is palpable for the victims and for those families.    On Monday of this week, I was talking to another family of a homicide situation, didn't happen to be drugs, but I can tell you when it is a violent death, when it is a death from a drug overdose, the pain never leaves the family. Again, these are real. The number 8,000, as mentioned earlier, every one of those is a tragedy for the family and for the community and for the friends.    We are also seeing pre-teenagers abusing prescription drugs and heroin. It is a terrifying tragedy. Anything that we can do to battle this epidemic needs to be done. The Michigan Department of Community Mental Health in my State has developed a work group to design a strategic plan to combat this type of drug abuse. The plan, which is in place through the year 2015 through September 30, 2015, generally recommends the following: increasing multisystem collaboration across agencies, broadening statewide media messages, increasing training for physicians regarding drug abuse for education in schools, and increased access to databases regarding controlled substances for health professionals and law enforcement. In my written testimony, I provide some other potential options in that regard. Anything we can do to combine strategies and improve operations to get our citizens help and to put an end to what is deteriorating lives should be done.    If I could have just one moment, I want to mention very briefly our prosecutor from Wayne County in the Detroit area. Kim Worthy asked me this morning to just pass on a couple things very quickly that again this is not just a rural issue, it is also an urban issue, and they have excessive pill mills, violent crime, robbing of pharmaceutical vehicles going through their neighborhoods, murders occurring from these situations, and she again emphasizes we need to attack it on both the supply and the demand end.    Thank you very much.    Mr. Fitz. Well, again, it depends on the type of case. In my office, we do not negotiate--we don't dismiss the charges. We plead to all the charges, and we basically have the philosophy, get clean or get prison, and we have a big meth problem in addition to obviously things such as heroin and cocaine and so forth but our biggest problem actually is methamphetamine, and what we----    Mr. Fitz. So what we have, I think something that actually our treatment providers are very much--they subscribe to it and they buy into it. What we do is, we indicate to the defendant that our guidelines on meth, for instance, are fairly high, and we indicate to them that they plead as charged to everything and they agree that they will go into a treatment program. Usually is a yearlong treatment court, family treatment court, adult treatment court, and if they get clean, they never go to prison, but if they don't, then they go to prison for a substantial period of time, 4, 5, 6 years.    Mr. Fitz. There is a large percentage, but again, that is just the tragic reality of drug activity is not only the users but also the dealers because oftentimes the penalties are quite lenient. And let me just comment on that too. We see cartel activity in Michigan also on these drugs. It is a very real problem. And I agree with him that I think it is very important to try to address this problem on the border but maybe let me also mention something I think that is important to keep in mind when dealing with these type of issues is that I look at drug activity, and I know many of my colleagues do as well, it is like cutting the grass. You need to remember that grass will never stop growing, drugs will not ever stop coming in, but if you stop cutting the grass, your lawn is going to get out of control. If we stop vigorous enforcement, we are going to see things far worse than what we even see right now. And maybe just one other analogy I would give to you also. Sometimes you do hear that we can't arrest our way out of the problem, and I do agree with that, that arresting is not the only solution. It has to be a multifaceted approach to it. But that doesn't mean we stop arresting people that do bad things such as drug dealing, murder. We are never going to stop murder, we are never going to stop home invasions, but we continue to address the problem, and again, because it does have the churn effect, it does have justice, it does involve public safety as well.    Mr. Fitz. In my jurisdiction, we happen to have multiple specialty courts. I think it is five or six of them, and we do have a fair number of them in the State of Michigan. So my response, I guess, would be not just from my perspective but from other prosecutors. Prosecutors generally feel that there is a need for more treatment because obviously if we can get someone clean, they are less likely to come back into the system, and that makes our job easier and makes the public safer.    But again, it is a balance because we recognize that if they don't get clean, that we need to continue to protect the public because even drug addicts sometimes do very unfortunate things--child abuse, sexual abuse, thefts, things of that sort, crimes of violence. So it invasive species balance but prosecutors do see a need for more treatment.    Mr. Fitz. I don't.    Mr. Fitz. Yes.    Mr. Fitz. Really, what especially courts are doing, they are doing what prosecutors have lawyers felt that traditional probation should be, which is very intensive including----    Mr. Fitz . Daily drug testing, the things they need to get on the straight and narrow, so to speak.    Mr. Fitz. Again, there is a split of opinion on that in my state. In our jurisdiction, they don't focus on those, and again, I am not educated enough on that to give you the expertise as to whether that is good or bad, but I will say that, for instance, Monroe County, one of our counties that I suggested to one of your staffers would be a good county in Michigan to talk to, Bill Nichols, the prosecutor, they do use those Suboxone----