    Mr. Peterson. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And I would like to welcome today's witnesses to the Committee.    A strong ag sector and stable food supply is critical to national security, and agriculture has an important role to play when it comes to our country's national security interests. It is something I don't think a lot of people really understand, and I appreciate the Chairman giving a shout-out to our former Chairman, Mr. de la Garza, who was a great Chairman of this Committee for many years.    The Chairman. And a Texan.    Mr. Peterson. A Texan, yes. And I am probably the only person left on this Committee who could recite the submarine story by heart because I heard it so many times. But he made his point, and it is a very valid point.    Today's hearing will allow us to examine the threats and vulnerabilities to agriculture and the economic impacts that these would have. And as people know, I have a particular interest in high-path avian influenza, and I look forward to discussing this and other threats to agriculture.    And with that, I yield back.    The Chairman. Well, we now turn to our panelists. We normally have a 5 minute rule, but given the unique nature of what today's hearing is about, and the opportunity to set a foundation for a grand strategy associated with our country as we weave agriculture and its security into the process, I will ask our witnesses to be respectful of time but don't worry about the 5 minute clock, because we really want to hear what each of you have to say.    So with that, Ambassador, the floor is yours. That same flexibility with the clock would not apply to Members.AMBASSADOR; VICE CHAIRMAN, McLARTY ASSOCIATES, WASHINGTON, D.C.    Mr. Peterson. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Ambassador, in your testimony you spoke about a global trend being skepticism of science. And it is interesting to me that consumers seem to embrace technology in every other part of their lives, with the exception of the food they eat. Is there anything we can do to reverse this trend?    Mr. Peterson. Thank you.    Dr. Beckham, you have talked about the lack of adequate funding for research, and I also wonder if we are doing an adequate job in terms of understanding the vulnerability that we are creating by the increase in trade. It seems to me that we have exposed ourselves by opening up the economy to allow trade with countries that don't have the same standards that we do, and I am not sure we have the resources in place to make sure that they are doing what they should do before that stuff comes in. I was wondering what you think about the whole issue of funding being adequate to address these concerns. Obviously, the high-path avian influenza, you can't do much about the ducks coming in from Canada, I don't think there is any way to intercept them. They can shoot them in Arkansas, but other than that I am concerned that we are not keeping up with the research and other aspects to combat the threat that is out there.    Mr. Peterson. Thank you.    I yield back.    The Chairman. The gentleman yields back.    Mr. King, for 5 minutes.