    Mr. Rothfus. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And I would like to go back to the beginning, when the chairman asked a couple of questions. And, Dr. Kupiec, I want to address this to your attention.    Section 165 of Dodd-Frank provides that the Federal Reserve shall establish enhanced prudential standards for bank holding companies with consolidated assets of $50 billion or more ``in order to prevent or mitigate risks to the financial stability of the United States.''    I wonder if I have been hearing some revisionist history lately. With some defense of the $50 billion threshold, supporters have suggested that these institutions as low as $50 billion could pose a risk, not for the financial stability of the United States, but pose a risk for a region of the country, which is sufficient for a SIFI designation. Or, in the alternative, they would argue that two or more of these institutions could fail at the same time and could collectively pose a systemic risk.    I guess my question is, do SIFI designations that are ostensibly justified by regional risk or by the risk of multiple institutions all failing at the same time comport with the text and intent of the law, which talked about institutions affecting the financial stability of the United States?    Mr. Rothfus. It wouldn't affect the financial stability--    Mr. Rothfus. And I think Mr. Simmons made a point about, when a community bank would go down in a small community, that region is going to be detrimentally impacted. And I can see somebody create a case where, regardless of a $50 billion threshold, maybe a $2 billion threshold or a $3 billion threshold, if you had a string of community banks that would encounter a difficulty, then you could make a similar argument to what I would consider some revisionism going on.    Mr. Rothfus. If I could, I have a quick question for Dr. Barth. I want to make sure I get this in.    Last July, CIT Group announced plans to purchase OneWest Bank. The deal would give CIT more than $70 billion in assets, making it the first company to voluntarily jump above the $50 billion threshold.    When questioned about the SIFI designation, CIT's CEO, John Thain, stated, ``If you are going to go over $50 billion anyway, it is better to be $70 billion than $52 billion,'' so we could capture some economies of scale. In other words, if you are going to be a SIFI, go big or don't go at all.    Do you agree with Mr. Thain's analysis?    Mr. Rothfus. Wouldn't this present its own risks to the financial system? For example, isn't the idea of consolidating totally antithetical to the reasons used to ostensibly justify the SIFI designation process in the first place?    Mr. Rothfus. Thank you.    I yield back, Mr. Chairman.