    Mr. Walker. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Appreciate your passion on this issue.    I want to talk a little bit about--go the direction concerning human trafficking and human smuggling, if I could, and I want to tie it into the border crossing cards. I have a question, what are the risks of these thieves that are able to duplicate these cards? Is that possible of the 11,500 that were made? Because I have a card here as well, and it's a card that I use here in D.C. Sometimes I'll use it to vote. Other times I just show it and I'm kind of granted access here. So help me understand. Can that be duplicated?    Mr. Walker. And the RFID can be turned off remotely. So are we under the impression--I mean, is this something that we can go on record saying those are 100 percent inoperable? Those cards are now rendered completely useless, that they would not be used by someone trying to smuggle a human being? Is that fair to say?    Mr. Walker. So it's not just something that they could use ever as far as an ID card or passing through anything. These cards now, once they've been deactivated, so to speak, if that's the right terminology, there's no way they can use those at any place or any location for whatever purpose?    Mr. Walker. Okay. Mr. Judd, do you have any concern or other comments on that?    Mr. Walker. Fair enough. I'm satisfied with that answer.    Let me ask you this: In moving forward, have we pretty much solidified that this mistake is now moving forward? This won't happen again? Is that something we've looked into, as far as how this was broken, how this was stolen, how these things got lost to begin with?    Mr. Walker. Well, I appreciate you doing--did I hear somebody else weigh in? I'm sorry.    Human trafficking in my State, North Carolina, even that far away from the border is now number nine in the country. We were able to pass early on training for border security. That piece of legislation is now law. This is a very technologically advanced, even in our own research here we're showing, even some of your reports showing these aren't just ma and pa. These have been kind of assimilated into these large international organizations, if we want to make sure we're doing everything we can to shut that down at the border. Appreciate your help.    And with that, I yield back. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.