    Ms. Mayhew. Thank you, Chairman Meadows and members of the subcommittees. I appreciate the invitation to be here today to share some of our key welfare reforms that have helped to deter fraud, protect benefits for the truly needy, and guard against waste of precious taxpayer dollars.    When Governor LePage took office in 2011, he prioritized reforming Maine's welfare programs to help lift families and individuals out of poverty and away from welfare dependency. Program integrity and accountability are critical to those reforms. There is no doubt that fraud exists in these programs, and every dollar that is diverted through fraudulent and criminal activity is a dollar taken away from a child or a family in need. The programs we have put in place to reduce fraud and abuse help to ensure that taxpayer dollars are reaching those in need, not fueling criminal activity.    Our program integrity efforts have focused on data analytics, engagement with law enforcement, and commonsense measures to guard against fraud and abuse. I want to share a few of our efforts and make some suggestions for further improvements in the SNAP program. We have provided a number of recommendations attached to my testimony.    Working with local law enforcement officials, we found regular instances of multiple EBT cards recovered in drug busts. In most cases, the cards are not issued to the suspects who are holding them. We know there is an unfortunate connection between benefits trafficking and the drug trafficking world, but current Federal SNAP regulations often create barriers to pursuing these traffickers. FNS rules provide that if someone has the EBT card and the PIN, they are considered an authorized user of the card. Regulations should require authorized users to register with the welfare agency and be limited to no more than three per case, similar to WIC.    Under Federal law, States have the option of placing photos on EBT cards. Maine pursued this option to help address the trafficking in EBT cards for drugs or cash. When someone's picture is on their card, it follows that they are less likely to sell it or trade it. Maine's photo EBT program is voluntary, and we currently have about 60,000 cards with photos out of 101,000 SNAP cases.    While this is a legal option for all States, myriad regulations and rules place a chilling effect on States that may be considering photos. This basic protection against fraud and abuse should be streamlined so States can implement this reform without undue burden. It would also be a reasonable step to require States to place photos on their EBT cards to deter fraud.    In 2011, Maine had more than $15 million in welfare benefits spent outside of Maine, including significant amounts in places like the Bronx, Brooklyn, Philadelphia, and Worchester, Massachusetts. Our drug enforcement agents in Maine have been clear that these cities are hubs for heroin trafficking and other drugs which flow up the I-95 corridor to Maine.    Our data system identifies anyone using a Maine EBT card exclusively in another State for 2 consecutive months. We then follow up to confirm Maine residency and appropriate use of the benefit. Our efforts have reduced out-of-state use, but the data still shows uses of SNAP benefits in places all over the country like New York, California, and Florida. Federal regulations don't currently allow States to restrict SNAP benefits to certain geographic areas. We believe there should be some reasonable restrictions on the mobility of EBT cards.    Often, what SNAP benefit cards are trafficked, it is in conjunction with a SNAP-approved retailer who's helping turn the card to cash that can be used to purchase things other than food. In a recent Maine case of suspected retailer fraud, a small store with just one cash register had SNAP reimbursements totaling nearly that of a large local Hannaford grocery store with 18 cash registers. We found numerous purchases of $300 and above in this small store that had no grocery carts. This same store is suspected of trading cash for EBT cards and helping SNAP participants commit tax fraud.    States do not have the authority to remove noncompliant or fraudulent stores from SNAP participation. To assist with this problem, States should be given the authority to investigate and remove offending retailers similar to WIC. All States should operate robust welfare fraud investigation units. To incentivize this, States should be allowed to retain 50 percent of funds collected from welfare fraud overpayments instead of the current 35 percent.    Additionally, Federal rules should require that recipients cooperate with State welfare fraud investigators if there is a credible allegation of fraud or risk losing their benefits. Maine is determined to address the issue of fraud and to protect benefits for our neediest residents. States need additional tools. Federal laws and rules should allow and encourage States to pursue meaningful program integrity efforts without unnecessary barriers.    Today, policies that combat fraud are too often sacrificed in the name of convenient and expeditious access to welfare benefits. We hope that Congress and the Federal Government will give serious consideration to our suggested reforms and will work to ensure that laws and regulations give States a fighting chance against fraud and criminal activity. Thank you.    Ms. Mayhew. Thank you.    Mr. Walberg.--though my parents had the same story, but they were the ones in the depression era, so I came from that. And they had similar lessons, again, from that experience that I think have benefited me well and apparently you also.    If you would be so good, Commissioner Mayhew, as to talk in more detail about the Federal SNAP regulations that create barriers, as you mentioned, barriers to your efforts to pursue those who traffic in benefits. Give us some more insight on that.    Ms. Mayhew. Thank you. I appreciate the opportunity to elaborate. Certainly, we care deeply. The Governor cares deeply about the success of these safety net programs. And it is critical that we are constantly evaluating whether or not our limited resources are being used effectively to support vulnerable individuals and families.    I also have the privilege of overseeing our child welfare agency, and I want to make a point and a connection about what we are seeing in terms of the challenges and truly destruction of our families when 60 percent of the children today who are coming into protective custody are doing so as a result of parental substance abuse. We know we have a serious challenge in our State with drugs, with substance abuse, and certainly, as I mentioned in my testimony, we know there's a connection with trafficking and EBT cards for drugs and for cash.    So as we look at ways in which to deter, we do feel strongly that the opportunity to use photos on EBT cards, we've been very clear that the photo on the EBT card is to discourage fraud, that when we speak and work with local drug enforcement agents and they tell us about the number of EBT cards that they are confiscating from drug raids, and since we have implemented photos, they have not confiscated an EBT card with a photo on it.    The challenge has been, as we have implemented, we've received numerous concerns and communications from the USDA regarding our implementation of this federally permitted option. And again, we've done it on a voluntary basis.    Ms. Mayhew. It is voluntary. Okay. We certainly offer to individuals the ability to put their photo on the EBT card ----    Ms. Mayhew. They have raised a number of barriers. When we first decided that we were going to implement, we had provided a number of documents to the USDA to provide all of the background to how we intended to implement responding to all of their questions. We were told to stop, to not go forward. We felt very strongly, the Governor felt very strongly that, again, this is federally permitted, that we had addressed the questions that had been asked of us, provided detailed plans of how we were operationalizing this and again felt strongly that this was a significant tool.    More recently, we have developed a partnership with our Bureau of Motor Vehicles to more conveniently access the driver's license photos. We are getting authorized consent from each of the individuals to use their driver's license photo, and we recently received another letter telling us to basically cease-and-desist between two State agencies that have agreed to do this, and we now have the USDA asking us to stop.    Ms. Mayhew. We are. And again ----    Ms. Mayhew. We have not--in all of the letters and the back-and-forth we have not seen any verified, documented issues where we have poorly implemented or--you know, we can make a lot of these issues complicated. I oversee a large State agency. I know how quickly government can make things complicated. We are trying to protect this safety net program. We see the trafficking in these cards that is taking away a vital resource for a vulnerable child, from a family, and we have identified this as a meaningful tool to discourage trafficking.    It has felt as though--you know, and I struggle a little bit with hearing that it's an option and then hearing all of the reasons why they don't believe that it's an effective tool. So it does feel as though we're constantly receiving all of the reasons why we can't move forward. And this is an option that we have elected to pursue. We have done it in consultation with the USDA. We have responded to their questions. We have met with their staff. This dates back to the spring of 2014 that we have been working with the USDA, responding to their questions, but we want to do it in partnership with the shared goals.    Ms. Mayhew. No, I appreciate ----    Ms. Mayhew. I do. And it is--certainly as we look across all of our programs within the Department and our desire to evaluate holistically our efforts to improve the lives of the individuals that we're serving, and certainly as I said, both looking at these welfare programs and their support of vulnerable families in my oversight of child welfare, I am incredibly concerned about the impact of drug abuse in Maine and the role that EBT cards are playing, being trafficked in for drugs and certainly for cash.    Ms. Mayhew. Congressman, we support drug testing. We have worked to increase drug testing in Maine. We have been met with resistance. We share your observations that these safety net programs are in fact intended to certainly help individuals out of poverty onto that pathway of prosperity and employment and that any amount of substance abuse is detracting from their ability to succeed and to be self-sufficient and again on that pathway to employment. It is clearly counterproductive to those goals.    Ms. Mayhew. Well, certainly, we have, as I indicated, partnered with local law enforcement to both train them on the misuse of EBT cards to provide assistance with them. We certainly continue to have cases where EBT cards are trafficked in. It's unfortunate for the Congressman from Alabama. There was a very high-profile case about a year ago where--very similar to what you are describing, rampant trafficking and EBT cards selling at 50 cents on the dollar, significant engagement with retailers.    I think, you know, certainly, we all have shared the same goals of improving the integrity of this program. There are need--there was a need for additional fraud investigators. For the New England region there's one fraud investigator for the USDA. I mean, I think that alone would indicate that we're under-resourced.    Ms. Mayhew. I honestly can't comment on--I think that just varies on the individual who's trying to get cash.    Ms. Mayhew. Yes. We're talking ----    Ms. Mayhew. So these are individuals between the ages of 18 and 49 not disabled, no dependents. And we reinstated the work requirements from the 1996 reforms. We did ----    Ms. Mayhew. Correct.    Mr. Jordan.--20 hours a week, got some work requirements, 20 hours a month or ----    Ms. Mayhew. Twenty hours a ----    Ms. Mayhew. But there are other options. It's 20 hours a week or--working or being in a vocational training program ----    Ms. Mayhew. When we did that, we also reached out to all of these individuals through our Department of Labor career centers to offer them slots in programs to help them with work skills development, resume writing, opportunities to identify employment. We made over 12,000 phone calls to that population.    Ms. Mayhew. Fifteen thousand.    Ms. Mayhew. We implemented that in the--October 1, 2014.    Ms. Mayhew. Yes. The vast majority did not come forward to demonstrate and comply ----    Ms. Mayhew. They're no longer in the program, but what is more important ----    Ms. Mayhew. Exactly.    Ms. Mayhew. And then we looked at their wages ----    Ms. Mayhew. Yes.    Ms. Mayhew. And their wages have increased by over 114 percent from prior ----    Ms. Mayhew. I'm sorry, what was the comment? Which ----    Ms. Mayhew. We can get you that ----    Ms. Mayhew. Correct.    Ms. Mayhew. It is less than ----    Ms. Mayhew. We can get you the final number, but obviously ----    Ms. Mayhew. Less than 1,000 individuals.    Ms. Mayhew. Maine is not unique.    Ms. Mayhew. That is correct.    Ms. Mayhew. Well, certainly, as I indicated in our testimony there are no Federal SNAP regulations that would restrict the mobility of that benefit. We have concerns about--around that. Now, certainly States have access to EBT card transactional data. We have invested in effort software applications to analyze that EBT card transactional data to look at that out-of-state use.    We've established triggers when a card is used for a prolonged period of time, 2 months or more out of State, that is a red flag that certainly the individual may no longer be a resident of the State, but it may also be an indicator of other activity that's not consistent with the requirements of the program. That is an effort that we certainly believe all States need to be using, data analytics and tools, to analyze out-of-state transactions.    Ms. Mayhew. That is correct. And certainly this is across the country and including St. John and Las Vegas and California there have been Maine EBT cards used. Now, that is both food stamps but would also include other benefits on the card, including TANF.