    Mr. Zern. Mr. Chairman and members of the subcommittee, thank you for the opportunity to testify at this important hearing on the value proposition that employer-sponsored coverage brings to our Nation's health care system.    More than 150 million Americans receive their health coverage through their employer.    Facing an increasingly diverse workforce and employees' desire for greater choice and control over their health care, employers are creating a more consumer driven experience for their employees, arming them with the right balance of tools, resources, and incentives to improve their health and their choices, along with the guidance, advocacy, and support needed for those individuals with serious and ongoing medical needs.    Aon is a leading global provider of risk and human services solutions. We serve over 5,000 employers in the U.S., and we administer benefits for over 10 million employees and retirees.    Employers are looking for new and innovative ways to change the way health benefits are offered. These programs include wellness, new technology, innovative delivery systems, private exchanges, and greater transparency in the cost and quality of health care services.    While we have experience in these and other types of new and innovative programs that employers are offering, today I will focus the discussion on one program in particular, Aon's development of a private health exchange. Employers face a significant challenge today of providing quality, affordable health coverage for employees in our complex health care system.    Employers are focused on promoting consumer engagement, reducing health care spending, and continuing to ensure that employees and their families have comprehensive coverage.    Our 2016 health care survey reveals that employers support the value proposition of offering health benefits to their employees, and only 5 percent of employers say they will stop offering health benefits in the next three to five years.    But, healthcare costs continue to rise at rates higher than CPI. Employers are evaluating better solutions that empower consumers with more choices in their health plan and benefit offerings. A private health exchange is a competitive retail-based, Web-enabled marketplace offering employer-sponsored group coverage.    Aon gives employers the ability to offer benefits through a private health exchange. These private health exchanges combine cost accountability with meaningful choice. The employer remains a vital part of the health care delivery system. Employers continue employer-sponsored coverage, pay the employer premium for the group, and remain subject to ERISA.    Employers determine how much of the coverage costs to subsidize, and employees use this subsidy to choose from a menu of plans and insurance providers that best fit their needs and their financial situation.    Employees select among varying out-of-pocket differences and network requirements. It is a win-win for employer-based sponsored coverage and for employees who have the ability to select a plan that meets their needs and the needs of their families.    What we have learned is that most employees will select a plan based on their physician and provider network, their experience with that insurance carrier, the coverage of prescription drugs, and then price.    Many employers that currently offer their medical benefits through the Aon Active Health Exchange are also pursuing other workplace programs that encourage greater well-being and management of chronic illnesses.    Employers using the private exchange experienced a 3.3 percent cost increase for 2016, compared to an average health care cost increase of 5.5 to 6.5 percent.    We appreciate talking about private health exchanges as one way to maintain affordable employer-sponsored health coverage and expand the role of consumers in health care decision-making. We are also eager to help employers find other innovative ways to engage their employees, and we urge the Committee to support these efforts.    Rising costs, recent market shifts, and health care reform are challenges to maintaining coverage for Americans. Employers are the key to the success and need flexibility in the design and management of their benefit plans. They need congressional support to preserve and enhance the value of benefit plans offered to their employees and their families.    Thank you for permitting me the opportunity to testify today. I will submit for the record more comprehensive information about the development and growth of private health exchanges and other innovations that employers are adopting to engage their employees and their families.    Thank you.    Mr. Zern. I am happy to, thank you. So, there is no doubt data analytics is becoming more prevalent in the health care environment, and how do we tie it back to the return on investment.    I think employers are certainly looking at health benefits differently today. They are looking at it more as an investment in their population and driving a healthier population as maybe in the past where sometimes it was viewed more as an expense.    The engagement of the senior leaders of employers of all shapes and sizes, they are asking those questions. They want to tie data back, and they want to understand their population across the healthiest parts of the population and those equally that need assistance in getting healthier, so it is across the board.    Mr. Zern. There is no doubt the marketplace is a little crowded. But most importantly, employers are looking at how do they continue to communicate effectively what their goals are with their benefit programs.    It could take on a variety of forms, healthy lifestyle, better eating. There are a variety of them. The challenge, I think, that employers face is how do they understand which ones align with their corporate goals most effectively, and then how do they communicate them. That is the big thing.    Mr. Zern. Thank you for the question. It is all of the above. In our active exchange, I think that is one of the liberating things for the consumer, for the employee. What the employer community really likes is that it gives a tremendous amount of choice to the employee supported by very strong decision support tools.    Left to their own devices, it can be overwhelming, but with great decision support tools, you get employees that are--they normally start with what is the right level of coverage for their situation, whether they are an individual or a family situation. Then they will go into looking at networks, their experience with insurance companies.    Our survey results show that price is really kind of the last determinant of their selection. It is plan design, then network, experience with the insurer, and then its cost.    Mr. Zern. It is one of our newer parts of our innovation of our active exchange. Consumer ratings are certainly piquing the attention not only of our insurance companies that are part of our exchange, but also their employers. I think that is also factoring into how they view their partners on the exchange.    It really kind of cuts across all the key stakeholders, from the employer, provider, and the insurer.    Mr. Zern. Exactly.    Mr. Zern. Sure. Thank you for the question, Congressman. First I would start by establishing that our exchange is an employer sponsored group plan, compliant with ERISA. It has some core themes or governing areas to it that I would share. First is standardized plan designs that really help the employee navigate the various choices.    Secondly is multiple insurance companies offering networks, so there is different network options for the consumer from which to select. The third is around strong decision support tools.    If you think about consistent plan designs, multiple carriers with network options for the consumer, and strong decision support tools, what those really lead to is an outcome around the engaged consumer and the empowered consumer, making a choice that works for them personally and their family situation.    It addresses choice which all of our survey data shows that employees and employers want to offer more choice around plan designs, multiple networks, and then it gets to transparency around costs and quality, which is kind of the third key governing thought for me.    So, our exchange, as I mentioned in opening comments, is driving a 100 to 200 basis point reduction over the standard health care cost increase.    Mr. Zern. Sure. I would say that in our exchange absolutely the fundamental piece is promoting market competition amongst the insurers. Quickly, on behalf of our employers, when the announcement was made about the potential consolidation, we did two pretty significant surveys.    The information coming back from employers is they are kind of on a wait and see as to if consolidation happens, what they are going to, what that is going to mean, but none of them stopped advancing their health care strategies, not a single one.    Mr. Zern. Yes, very similar feedback.    Mr. Zern. So, I will be able to speak from the employer side certainly. Health care is complex. Employees look to their employer to continue to educate and communicate with them around a variety of issues, whether it is plan design, whether it is network configuration changes, what type of wellness programs I should be accessing or thinking about.    The employer is, to me, exceptionally critical to continuing to advance the communication and the empowerment of the consumer.    We have--The next stage, I think, that we really have to tackle is how do we get information in the hands of the consumer at the point of service. Right so, when you look at the waste in our health care system, how do we start to address that. I think that is the next set, and you can see that innovation through mobility apps and different things of that nature.    The education piece from the employer to the consumer is a critical function for us.    Mr. Zern. So I think, you know, to Ms. Franklin's comments earlier, a private exchange is a great solution for a particular client. I have been in health care consulting for close to 30 years. I have seen lots of different plan designs, and an active exchange, a private exchange is a really good one that drives consumer engagement, transparency, and choice.    So, I think we are going to continue to see the evolution of exchanges, both public and private.    Mr. Zern. I am happy to jump in on that one, representing our the employers who are our clients. I think there is a desire for trying to drive a little more simplicity in the system. So, that would be an area that we would be happy to work with Congress on behalf of our employer community, too.    How do we simplify some of the regulatory issues that our employers have to face that can push them to look at other areas, whether it is active exchange or other areas of innovation within the health care ecosystem.    Mr. Zern. It can be a little frustrating.    Mr. Zern. Unfortunately not.    Mr. Zern. We certainly see continued steady growth in the exchange portfolio, and across the definition of exchanges, we absolutely expect to see continued growth, not only within ours but just as the industry defines exchanges and what is happening in the private health care exchange.