    Mr. Posey. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman. I would like to just read a couple of quotes. This is from The Wall Street Journal.    ``For the weekend of October 28th, the banks reported holding negative $1.4 billion of investment-grade corporate bonds maturing in at least 13 months, according to the Federal Reserve Bank of New York data. The figures, which signify banks, have pledged to sell more bonds than they will buy, reflect the net holdings at banks that act as a primary dealer authorized to trade billions of dollars of U.S. securities with the Fed, and buy Treasury debt direct at auction.    ``On May 1, 2015, FINRA CEO Richard Ketchum stated there have been dramatic changes with respect to the fixed income market in recent years. Many of them have come in the reaction of the failures and market impact coming out of the credit crisis. That has led to much higher capital requirements, the Volcker Rule that limits the ability of proprietary trading with respect to bank holding companies, a range of other issues that have all had significant impact from the standpoint of liquidity of the fixed income market.''    And then finally, Dave Nadig, Director of Exchange Traded Funds for the search firm FactSet said buy-in in the corporate bond market has dried up so much that it alone may pose a significant systemic threat.    And so my question for Director Cordray is, according to the FSOC website, the Financial Stability Oversight Council has a clear statutory mandate that creates for the first time collective accountability for identifying risk and responding to emerging threats to financial stability.    While the rest of the world has identified an emerging threat to financial stability, namely regulations like the Volcker Rule, Basel III's capital and liquidity standards, and other Dodd-Frank mandates that are draining liquidity from our fixed income markets, the FSOC and its chairman, Treasury Secretary Lew, has steadfastly refused to acknowledge that regulations are playing any role in creating this systemic risk.    As a voting member of FSOC, what resources have you marshaled, and what experts have you consulted to better understand the causes and consequences of reduced bond market liquidity?    Mr. Posey. What kind of technical expertise is there on the Treasury staff to address that?    Mr. Posey. So essentially, we are talking about the Treasury staff?    Mr. Posey. If compelling evidence is presented to the FSOC that regulations are in fact contributing to the illiquidity of the bond market and thereby creating potential systemic risk, do you agree that FSOC's mandate from Congress requires it to make recommendations designed to mitigate the risk, which could include revisiting the wisdom of aspects of the post-crisis regulatory response like the Volcker Rule and Basel III?