    Ms. Fox. Thank you, Chairman Thornberry, Representative Davis, and distinguished members of this committee.    First, I appreciate all of the work you have done and continue to do on acquisition reform. And I appreciate the opportunity to speak with you today on this important topic. During my tenure in the Department of Defense, my colleagues and I spent considerable energy to improve the affordability and feasibility of the major defense acquisition programs. In my current position at the Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Lab, I have the pleasure of working closely with scientists and engineers who are innovating with technologies that will enhance our Nation's security.    My full statement has been submitted for the record. I would like now to summarize briefly its major recommendations.    First, I would emphasize the importance of continuing to require independent cost estimates for major programs. When I became CAPE Director in November of 2009, many weapons programs were in the red for both cost and schedule, some of which eventually breached Nunn-McCurdy thresholds. The reasons are varied and unique to each program. But a common factor was a strong want and need for the program, coupled with institutional incentive to be overly optimistic. In short, they thought: This time will be different. But these optimistic assumptions rarely became reality.    The Weapon Systems Acquisition Reform Act of 2009 changed all that by forcing the Department to have an independent cost estimate developed by CAPE for all major program milestones and its certifications for programs experiencing cost overruns. No longer could the Department base program decisions just on the projections of a program's most ardent advocates. Sustaining the progress of recent years will be all the more important as the Department implements the acquisition reform provisions of the fiscal year 2016 NDAA, which moves milestone decision authority to the military departments.    One recommendation I can offer this committee is to amend the law to ensure that CAPE continues to provide independent cost estimates for all programs for which they currently have responsibility, regardless of where the milestone decision authority resides. Another key factor in starting programs well is getting the requirements right. My colleague, Admiral Sandy Winnefeld, when he was the Vice Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, took significant steps to ensure that CAPE and AT&L had a voice as requirements were debated at the Joint Requirements Oversight Council. For example, technology maturity is now as much a part of the requirements discussion early in a program's life cycle as is cost and schedule realism. This important collaboration really should continue.    With respect to the acquisition workforce, while much progress has been made, I am still concerned that too often program managers are incentivized to get their program to the next milestone, regardless of whether it should go forward. No one wants to throw up bureaucratic roadblocks and unnecessary delays, but program managers must have the experience and confidence and encouragement to stand up and tell hard truths when needed, that it is not ready to go to the next milestone, or maybe it is never going to be ready or even we don't need it anymore.    In all, process improvements led by AT&L and the Joint Staff are allowing us to design and field programs more efficiently and effectively. But it still takes time. In the fiscal year 2016 NDAA, the Congress has made important changes to facilitate rapid prototyping and fielding of new capabilities. We must also consider ways to develop DOD unique technologies and keep them at the ready, on the shelf for the day when the Nation has an immediate need and/or when the budget environment changes, as it certainly will--I hope.    In addition to working with industry to prepare for these transitions, the promise of advances in manufacturing would give us the ability in the future to take a technology from design to production on demand in the future. We must continue to pursue these types of initiatives.    Now, to be sure, we wouldn't accept a rapid prototyping tech on-the-shelf approach to build, for example, the strategic nuclear submarine force. For those large programs, we are pushing out risk and are increasingly following a realistic and achievable path to procurement.    But what if we are not taking enough risk in our technology development? In today's world, our potential adversaries are rapidly fielding new technologies that might require us to push ourselves in certain select areas. Perhaps we need to knowingly take risk. This should be a new category of acquisition programs in which we push the boundaries of our technologies with full awareness and acceptance of the inherent cost and scheduled risk.    In my view, this is an acceptable approach only if there is an agreed upon need, and we are candid in our assessments of the risk. In closing, the worst outcome in all of these areas would be for the Department to be allowed to go back to the days of believing in magic with regard to cost and schedule. With prudent risks and proper controls on cost estimates and requirements, the Department's acquisition system will provide better outcomes for both the warfighter and the taxpayer. Thank you again for the opportunity to appear before you today.    The Chairman. Thank you.    Mr. Hale.    Ms. Fox. I do. I think the biggest challenge, honestly, is this human nature self-incentive to be overly optimistic. And so I really do believe that if we were to follow my recommendation, it would be vitally important that the Congress continue to demand, in this case in particular, those independent cost estimates. And a good independent cost estimate, and I think the team at CAPE is excellent, needs to say: Hey, you know, there is a lot of risk here. But if you think back to some of our greatest programs, I will just take quickly GPS as an example. We started with a program called Transit, but we quickly saw that we needed to move to something that gave us three-dimensional position information. Went to GPS, it was actually a high-risk program. And that program was almost canceled multiple times because of the risk. I don't think we were straight up at the beginning about the risk. If we all agreed it was worth it--and I think it is pretty clear that it was--then perhaps we would have been able to go forward without the constant risk of cancelation.    The Chairman. Thank you.    Mrs. Davis.    Ms. Fox. Let me, if I could just, the Weapon Systems Acquisition Reform Act did require CAPE to stand up an operating and support cost cost-estimating capability. And that is in progress. And from the enactment of WSARA, the ultimate operating and support costs of a program has become a part of the defense acquisition boards, an explicit part. So the Congress legislated that we start doing this a while ago. The Department is responding. But to echo something Admiral Winnefeld said: Sometimes these things take time. And developing a good historical basis for how technology equates to operating and support costs in the fielding, it is going to take time to build up that technology, I am sorry, that database so that we understand the implications of technology.    So I think work is in progress, not at all to be confused with we have solved it. But the mechanisms are in place. The focus is there, more than it was. Mr. Hale talked about the affordability costs, caps. I think that is a piece of it. And I agree that it needs to be a part of how Congress looks at programs, such that we are looking for that long-term implication.    Ms. Fox. No, absolutely not. And I think a key to bringing in those ideas as innovative ideas on how to get O&S costs down is it is tied back again to requirements. For a long time, it was performance that drove requirements. And you end up with a very high-performing jet engine, for example, but it uses a lot of fuel. So if you now crank into requirements, as Admiral Winnefeld clearly just testified he started to do, an eye towards that, then you start to mobilize industry and commercial ideas for how to innovatively get high-performance engines with lower fuel consumption. That has to be a part of our innovation process.    Again, I think it is starting. But, again, much more does need to be done.    Ms. Fox. May I add to that? While I agree that they tend to be more rapid, right, because there are fewer people involved, I think the CAPE perspective is that there have been some fairly impressive failures in that category of development as well. So it isn't a total panacea. And I just would add that in the comparison. I think that the CAPE roles of looking at these systems is still important. And in most cases, but not all, CAPE did have the opportunity to look at the highly classified programs in much the same way as it looked at the other programs. But Admiral Winnefeld is correct in that we don't have these large meetings where everybody is free to opine on the value and virtues of the program, which does make it more rapid.    Ms. Fox. Thank you. On an example like Next-Gen Jammer, where I completely understand your observations and frustrations, it is a capability we needed. But when it was started, it was not realistic on the technological risks. And so we are getting through it. And we are going to have a capable jammer. And we need it. But some of the advanced electronics and the need to miniaturize them and the threat advances that have happened during the course of that program, all of which combined to make it take longer than we wanted. So I think that the MDAP program, again, it all starts well when we all have shared expectations of both need and risk. And that gets to time and cost and the technological risk. And that is what I think we have worked hard to improve. But in places like the Next-Gen Jammer, we did not cancel that program. We have worked through those problems. But that is the big thing. MDAPs tends to last for a very long time. So it is really important, in my opinion, that we go through the process to get to a system that we want to last for a very long time that is sustainable affordably and upgradeable. Those are all aspects of MDAP that need to be considered and that do take the time. But I think we can avoid our disappointments if we are more realistic at the beginning.    Ms. Fox. You know, I think that, my opinion, the Nunn-McCurdy process has actually done a lot to push on that problem. I can tell you right now, so from a CAPE perspective, we didn't hate Nunn-McCurdy. We thought they forced a process of looking at things critically. Of course, CAPE had a big role in Nunn-McCurdys. And I think we try hard to play that role. But I can tell you, the services hate Nunn-McCurdys. I mean, they will do anything they can now to get a program started such that they don't Nunn-McCurdy because of the challenges of starting over, right, the assumption of cancelation. And that has made a big difference. So, again, I think there are things now in place that help us with the very problems that you are targeting that we need to continue to push on but that over time are making a difference. And I, at least, certainly saw that in my time. When I got there, we had a lot of Nunn-McCurdys to work through. It took a lot of time. It forced us to scrutinize these programs in new ways. There are not very many now. People don't like them. It is good. They shouldn't.    Ms. Fox. Well, it requires you to be willing, throughout the entire process, to trade requirements for affordability as you develop the program. And that is exactly the collaboration that Admiral Winnefeld talked about, that I referred to, and that I think is going on with these affordability caps and must continue.    Ms. Fox. I believe that, as I have said, the best practice is honest realism. And I think that the, I am going to say this probably with some trepidation, I think the process we have attempted to use to start the new bomber really worked hard at looking hard at requirements, need, and affordability. It was to my, in my experience, in my time, the first one to have an affordability cap written into the direction from then Secretary Gates to the Secretary of the Air Force. It explicitly directed this tradeoff throughout the course of the program between requirements and costs. So I think there were some efforts taken there that have the potential to have started that program well. We will see as it goes forward.    Ms. Fox. Thank you. I agree completely about the importance of the new bomber. And as I referred to a minute ago, the initial start of that program specifically suggested that the Department needs to debate throughout the course of the program affordability and requirements to make sure the Department gets the capability it needs but that it stays affordable, such that the Department can buy it in sufficient numbers. So we have both capability and quantity. And I think that the most important thing is that dialogue continue. I think that the 2016 NDAA has things in there that will enhance the dialogue or, you know, Admiral Winnefeld pointed out that opportunity already existed. And I completely agree with that. But I think the legislation pushes more for that kind of collaborative dialogue throughout the course of the program.    But the Joint Staff, the military department, and OSD , and industry needs to constantly be talking about these tradeoffs as it goes forward such that we get a bomber, a timely bomber, that is also capable and is affordable enough to buy in numbers.    Ms. Fox. So there is actually an affordability cap on the bomber, or at least there was when I was there. I can't say that I am current anymore, but there was a cost cap on that, and that is directly related to the time to field.    So I believe that the intent is there for time, cost, requirement tradeoffs to go through the process. I think that the thing that the Congress can look for is, is that dialogue happening, and if any of those requirements are changing, why, and is there a justified need, so that, again, it is all about keeping eyes open so that we know what we are getting into.    And there was an attempt at the beginning of that program to put that kind of eyes-open tradeoffs into the process.    Ms. Fox. If I may, I would like to add. So I do think Secretary Hale said that they are new, so I think we need to give it time. The bomber example is one that is a little further along. However, I would want to go back to emphasize, in my view, the importance of the conversation about affordability goals early and throughout because if you stick strictly to the affordability caps, you may be trading capability throughout that makes the program less valuable when it is ultimately fielded.    This gets back to the risk discussion that we had earlier. Sometimes I worry that in the interest of--you know, the pendulum swings right, so we were taking nothing but risk and had terrible red cost and schedule situations. But we don't want it to go so far back the other way that we squeeze all the risk out, and therefore, we have got affordability caps, but we don't end up with programs that actually advance capabilities. So it is a conversation. Congress has to be part of the conversation, in my view, transparent but eyes open.    Ms. Fox. So, again, I do believe that the schedule part of the Nunn-McCurdy legislation puts a point on it, for sure. I also think schedule and costs are so intertwined that the cost overrun aspects of it are so tied to schedules, that that is a concern. But I take your point, and I just have to harken to Secretary Hale's point about the budget pressures, which I know this committee also wrestles with.    When you have this kind of budget pressure and uncertainty, the Department responds by what we call slips and slides, slip-and-slide programs, which stretches schedules, stretches and adds cost, and it is what the program does in response to wanting--to being over-programmed but having genuine needs. JSTARS is a good example, I think.    So this budget environment is very difficult, frankly, for maintaining cost and schedule. And the Department is slipping and sliding. I think that there is a lot of oversight to try to prevent that as much as possible every year through program review, but I can tell you from personal experience, every year in program review, we slip and slide things, and every time you do that, you add cost and schedule.    Budget predictability is critical, and adequate budget to support the operations that were--that the Department needs to do, the size of the force that goes with that, and then modernization, it is all part of the package.    Ms. Fox. It is not doctor, but that is okay. Thank you for the compliment.    So, okay, service costs, yes. You know, it all gets down to the number of efficiency reviews that the Department has done. And I saw Secretary Carter's speech yesterday, apparently continues to do, and service costs are a key part of that.    So there are two really hard things about this, if I could. One is you really need to understand what we need these people to do. So if you want to take out service costs, we want to make sure that we are understanding that we might have to take out things that they are doing and look at the products, the services they provide. And then the other side, which is really far from that, is management because a lot of them are maybe not doing critical things, right. There may be we have just let the services grow.    So you have this very hard detailed work that is required to trade off--to look hard at have we grown, because things grow, and so you need to push that down, which we always need to do, and then you get to a point, and in some areas of services in DOD, I believe that there are points where you have gone too far, and then you start to see people in uniform performing services that it would be far better and cheaper to have contractors perform.    So what does it all come down to? A lot of hard detailed work. You have to peel it all back, ask: What are they doing? Is it managed well? It is constant. You have got to be vigilant about it. I certainly think, for the three secretaries I had the privilege to work for, they pounded on me and us to do that, and it is constantly needed, and so keep pounding is my best answer. Sorry.    Ms. Fox. So it is--I agree with you completely. I think the incentives have moved with the emphasis on starting programs well, but there still are an enormous number of incentives in the system that start from how people are assigned to how long they are assigned to how they are promoted and rewarded that are all about the momentum of the process.    So, for example, one of the aspects of the acquisition process--so you get a program manager who is trying to get to that next milestone, that is their incentive or they're incentivized to do that, and they find a better way. A contractor comes along with some new idea, or there is some new innovation. Their incentive is not to say, ``Oops, wait, stop, let's do that,'' because what they are looking at are all the things they have to do to get it right back to where it is right now in the process.    So the things that this committee is doing, the things that I think Secretary Kendall is trying hard to do in streamlining the acquisition process, those are all necessary parts to incentivize people to do smart things along the way. And right now those incentives aren't there because it just feels like they are pushing a boulder up the hill, and they don't want to lose ground.    The Chairman. Well, I think back to keep pounding away, that is one of the areas where we do need to understand what it is like to be doing that day to day and try to improve.    Mrs. Davis.    Ms. Fox. So absolutely this is a good time to look at that, and my answer is not restricted to this time. This is a historical view, and one of CAPE's roles is to collect that data over time, and they do that well, and they should be continued to do that well and be required to do that because without historical data, you can't do the very important thing that you just suggested.    I will refer you, if I could, to a study done by Dave Nichols, who used to be the cost director in PA&E formerly and is now at the Institute for Defense Analyses, and he did exactly the study you are suggesting where he tried to correlate the performance of programs to different acquisition reform initiatives, and interestingly, in a nutshell, he found that not much correlation there but a very strong correlation to precipitous budget drops.    Whenever the budget dropped or became very uncertain, the Department went into that slips and slides method that I referred to earlier, and that is when the costs started to grow. So he did that long-term view that reinforces exactly the question that you are asking, and I do hope that we are starting a new period of predictability such that we can recover that and get back to performance predictions and achieving the best that we can.    Ms. Fox. I would just add that I completely agree with Admiral Winnefeld. These are critically important areas. I think that the Department is focusing on them more and needs to continue to do that, and resources are going to be required to modernize these important areas in the future, and it is going to continue to be a stress on the budget, more so.    Ms. Fox. I would think about how to add back risk into the equation of acquisition programs with eyes open, making sure that we completely understand the cost and schedule implications of that risk, but I--that is the one aspect of reform that I think we haven't focused enough on since we have done so much good and important work on swinging us back to predictable programs. I think now we need to worry just a little bit about whether we have become too risk-averse.    Ms. Fox. If I could just add to the importance of the access to money. I do believe that the NDAA includes a rapid prototyping and fielding fund, if I read it correctly, not really sure that I appreciate exactly how that will be implemented, but ideas like that to allow the Department to do the kinds of things Admiral Winnefeld suggested, I think, are critically important to increasing our ability to get new ideas out to the operators.    Ms. Fox. I believe that the accuracy of the independent cost estimates have shown that the ICEs are more right than wrong over time, and I believe that the more data that they have, the more accurate that they are. I think that there has been a tremendous amount of progress in bringing independent cost estimates to the Milestone A discussion and the conversation in the Department of tradeoffs between requirements and costs, so I believe that those changes are in fact taking place and have been taking place for a few years now.    I think that it may take time for that to play through so that it is more visible, but I believe that those changes have been made and that independent cost estimates are having impact.