    Mr. Fagan. We need to update and restore the Wire Act, and particularly to undo the misinterpretation recently given to it by the Department of Justice's Office of Legal Counsel. The need for a legislative fix I prefer to set out in the written testimony submitted to the Subcommittee. It is not greatly different from the language in H.R. 707 and returns the Act to its proper scope, with a few less exceptions and a bit more First Amendment protection.    Also in my written submission is an analysis of how and why the Office of Legal Counsel's December 2011 strained interpretation of the Wire Act to preclude its application to non-sports gambling communications is wrong substantively and was achieved via a closed legislation-by-fiat process neither democratic nor sensible given the change it portends for daily life in the United States.    Indeed, the 50-year understanding that the Wire Act applies to both sports and non-sports wagering interstate communication was the understanding that even the gambling industry had during that largely pre-Internet period, as industry behavior shows. So when the Office of Legal Counsel's 2011 reinterpretation of the Act became public, many wondered whether the opinion was either careless or corrupt.    No matter. For present purposes, as a result, it was wrong both as a matter of law and as a matter of policy. A restored, repaired Wire Act will help states enforce their gambling laws whether the state prohibits or authorizes intrastate gambling activities. This kind of help is just as needed today as in 1961.    Organized crime, both traditional and non-traditional, and now increasingly transnational, has long exploited and continues to exploit the evasive opportunities presented by conducting cross-border gambling operations. By unwisely cutting in half the utility of the Wire Act as a tool in the prosecutor's toolbox, the Office of Legal Counsel opened a window for organized crime and others intent on impoverishing Americans through illicit, commercially operated gambling enterprises, whether via the numbers racket, lotteries, bolita virtual card games, slots, or any of the myriad creative ways con men and sharp operators use non-sports gambling to generate revenue from gangs designed to exploit and even addict.    The money laundering utility of gambling enterprises, long known but hard to investigate in brick-and-mortar settings, becomes all the more difficult to defeat when Internet-based gambling moves funds and obfuscates records at the speed of light. Of even more serious concern, law enforcement and intelligence analysts have seen online gambling sites, sites which by their nature are interstate and international in scope, being used as terrorist financing vehicles, places to clandestinely store and transmit funds.    Terrorism-related convictions in the United Kingdom of Tariq ad Daour and two associates who used Internet gambling to facilitate terrorism conduct and planning a few years ago only hint at the dozens of classified and non-classified investigations that U.S., U.K., and Canadian authorities have made under the exploitation of gambling websites to finance terrorism.    More recently, terrorists in Afghanistan have been using illegal gambling sites to move their money as well, reports Janes Advisory Services. It is no wonder that the Federal Criminal Investigators Association supports legislation to return the Wire Act to its original scope and opposes any carve-out that would weaken its protections and further enable criminal and terrorist activity. Without a restored Wire Act, there is not adequate legal framework for law enforcement to shut down substantial illegal interstate gambling activities.    Relatedly, the present inability to use the Wire Act in cases of non-sports gambling further denies millions of Americans the efficient recourse of sentencing-based restitution when they become victims of fraud or other gambling-based criminal conduct conducted by illegal cross-border enterprises.    Those who dream that it's possible to regulate and tax this supposedly well-monitored interstate system of online gambling are just that, dreamers. I can tell you with the certainty of a person who has been there, done that, that there is no way the Federal Government or any individual or combination of state governments can expand to the degree necessary to effectively police and regulate the scale of Internet gambling, multiple millions of transactions involving billions of lines of code in malleable, disguisable formats with anonymizing and proxy tools readily available with easily disguised traditional and evolving collusive behaviors. For example, Meerkat-type video streaming over Twitter service will always give collusion teams a leg up.    Remote access and control of computers in a jurisdiction where intrastate gambling is allowed will defeat geolocation and geo-fencing, and it is fairly trivial to leverage the Tor network to obfuscate the original IP address of a client, whether it is a laptop, a phone, a tablet, et cetera.    All this means no police force or regulatory body will be big enough, trained enough, or funded enough to keep criminals and terrorists from using institutionalized online interstate gambling to their advantage.    I see my time has run out.    Mr. Fagan. I again support the bill. I prefer to see it worded a little differently, but as a compromise it certainly is much better than not having a bill.    Mr. Fagan. Likewise. As a matter of policy, states should not have commercial gambling, whether Internet or otherwise. As a matter of Federal policy, the use of the Internet to gamble necessarily implicates Federal interests, so states shouldn't be allowed to do that. But as a matter of constitutional law, a state can choose to have gambling within its borders and set up its own intrastate Internet of sorts.    Mr. Fagan. Well, if it is on the Internet, it would be unwise because----    Mr. Fagan. They have the right to do that if they can keep it within their borders.    Mr. Fagan. All the different types of gambling you suggest, if permitted online by states, are all subject to being basically slottified. They will be converted to essentially slot machine-type addictive behaviors, generating increased speed of play, people staying online as long as possible to play, even though they shouldn't do that.    Again, individual states within their borders have the right----    Mr. Fagan. It does not have the force of law----    Mr. Fagan. Clearly, it does not have the force of law. It is simply a lawyer's opinion and justifies a decision of non-prosecution on DOJ's part.