    Mr. Whitfield. I would like to call the hearing to order this morning, and I want to thank our panel of witnesses for being with us. I am going to introduce you right before you give your opening statements, so I will just introduce you individually at that time. I would like to recognize myself for 5 minutes for an opening statement.    Today's hearing is entitled ``Home Appliance Energy Efficiency Standards.'' Since 1987, we have had energy efficiency standards for certain appliances. It came about because back in 1975, there was a Federal Energy Policy Act that established that format. The Reagan administration was sued because it was not being implemented, and as a result that lawsuit, we now found ourselves in about the fifth or sixth gyration of these energy efficiency standards, which apply to almost anything that plugs into the wall in your home, whether it is an air conditioner, refrigerator, washer, dryer, furnace, oven, dishwasher, water heater, lighting, whatever it might be. And the argument was initially that you would save energy bills over time. Because of the efficiency, you would use less electricity, and the small amount of additional cost, you would end up saving money.    Now, some people today are questioning that because we are, as I said, we are about the fifth, sixth, or seventh round of these efficiency standards, and some people say that you reach a point of diminishing returns, and some people say that the additional costs now is at such a rate that you really don't have any savings over the long term because the energy efficiencies are simply not that great.    Now, other people say that is not the case. And of course, additionally, now, everybody is talking about global warming, and so there is additional emphasis being placed on this because of that.    One of the problems that we have is, in America, we feel like we are doing more than any other country in the world on these types of issues. I was reading an article the other day that said there are 3 billion people in the world who use open flames to cook today, and in the developing world, by 2040, they expect that 65 percent of energy consumption will come from the developing world.    We also hear a lot today about people being concerned about the cost of living. And we know that in California and New York, they are trying to raise the minimum wage, and many people are urging that we raise the minimum wage. Some people agree with that and some people don't, but it is interesting that those strong advocates for raising the minimum wage, they don't want to consider the additional cost caused by regulations. And it is one thing to say, OK, we need to raise the minimum wage, but to a low-income, middle-class family, if these appliances are going to cost additional money, what does that mean to their pocketbook?    And then, we are even hearing now from some of the appliance makers that some of these new appliances really don't work as well as the old ones, and so it is a situation where I think no one really expected that the Department of Energy and this administration would be as aggressive as they have been on so many different fronts.    Now, the good news was that in 1975, when they were considering these efficiency standards, they were supposed to consider that the technology was really feasible and that there was an economic justification for it. But today, that is beginning to be blurred, and we know certainly at EPA, when they consider--they certainly don't consider whether it is technologically feasible or economically justified.    So if we wanted to have a more balanced approach, what we are trying to do is hear from people who are involved in this on a daily basis because the American public, when they go to the appliance store to buy an appliance, they don't understand all about this efficiency, they just know what the price is, and then some people are telling them, well, you going to save money even though it is a lot more because the electricity will go down, and other people make the other argument.    So one of our objectives today is to just try to get a better understanding of what is the reality of this, and that is why we are here. So I want to thank all of you for joining us, and at this time, I would like to introduce the distinguished gentleman from Illinois, Mr. Rush, for his opening statement.    Mr. Rush. Good morning. I want to thank you, Mr. Chairman, for holding today's hearing on the ``Home Appliance Energy Efficiency Standards Under the Department of Energy: Stakeholder Perspectives,'' and I want to welcome, Mr. Chairman, all of our witnesses before the subcommittee here today.    Mr. Chairman, since there are DOE standards that we are addressing here today, I think that it would definitely benefit the members of the subcommittee to also hear from the agency directly, and I hope that we can invite them to testify on this issue at a near date in the near future.    Mr. Chairman, historically, energy efficiency has proven to mean the low hanging fruit that has brought both parties together legislatively, while also making our country safer, more secure, and more attentive to the impacts of climate change.    Indeed, the story of energy efficiency, Mr. Chairman, is one that is filled with success stories that really help prepare our country forward by making us more independent and more secure, while also reducing the cost of energy, both in our pocketbooks, and its impact to our environment. In fact, Mr. Chairman, by DOE's own estimation, American families save close to $63 billion as a result of their energy bills going down, and this is a result of these appliance standards that we are considering just in the year 2015 alone.    The agency also forecast, Mr. Chairman, that standards issued since 2009 will save the American consumer over $53 billion in utility cost, and decrease common emissions by 2.3 billion metric tons by the year 2030.    Mr. Chairman, in addition to the huge energy savings and the benefits to the environment, appliance and equipment standards also lead to additional investments in the workforce and the ultimate creation of jobs. A 2011 report by the American Council for an Energy Efficient Economy entitled, and I quote, ``Appliance and equipment efficiency standards are a money maker and a job creator,'' end of quote, found that the efficiency standards led to net job creation in every single State. The study also found that by 2020, appliance and equipment standards will contribute up to 387,000 annual jobs to the U.S. economy.    Mr. Chairman, while almost every effort by DOE to establish or revise energy efficiency standards has been met with some type of opposition, traditionally, this issue has been pursued in what I will commend on both sides of this committee--subcommittee on, they have been presumed in a bipartisan manner with contributions to the party put forward by our President's and my past congressmen, even though those congressmen and the White House had been under the control of both Republicans and Democrats. It is my hope, Mr. Chairman, that following today's hearing, we will ultimately get back to that type of collaboration and that type of cooperation on this issue.    Mr. Chairman, it is critically important that the Federal Government maintains its leadership role of promoting, encouraging, and enticing interested stakeholders to continue with the progress that has already been made in efficiency technologies so that we can continue to keep moving the Nation's energy policy forward.    Mr. Chairman, I want to end by saying I look forward to today's hearing. I am looking forward to our expert witnesses on the successes and the challenges that are facing this Nation as it relates to energy efficiency appliance, and with that, I yield back.    Mr. Whitfield. The gentleman yields back. At this time I recognize the gentleman from Illinois, Mr. Shimkus, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. The gentleman yields back. At this time I recognize the gentleman from New Jersey, Mr. Pallone, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. The gentleman yields back, and that concludes the opening statements on our side.    So at this time, our first witness will be Ms. Sofie Miller, who is the senior policy analyst at the George Washington University Regulatory Studies Center. So, Ms. Miller, thanks for being with us, and you will be given 5 minutes, and just make sure the microphone is on and it is up close to you so we can hear every single word that you say. And you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. Thank you, Ms. Miller, very much for your opening statement. And our next witness this morning is Mr. Joseph McGuire, who is the president and CEO of the Association of Home Appliance Manufacturers. Thanks for being with us, and you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. Thank you, Mr. McGuire. And our next witness is Ms. Elizabeth Noll, who is the legislative director for Energy and Transportation at the Natural Resources Defense Council. Ms. Noll, thanks for being with us, and you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. Thank you, Ms. Noll, for your statement.    At this time, I would like to introduce Mr. Kevin Cosgriff, who is the president and CEO of the National Electrical Manufacturers Association, and thanks for being with us, and you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. Thank you, Mr. Cosgriff.    At this time, our next witness is Mr. Thomas Eckman, who is the director of the Power Division of the Northwest Power and Conservation Council. Thanks for being with us, and you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. Thanks, Mr. Eckman.    And our next witness, and last witness, is Mr. Stephen Yurek, who is the president and CEO in the Air-Conditioning, Heating and Refrigeration Institute. So thanks for being with us, and you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. Well, thank you, Mr. Yurek, and thank all of you very much for your testimony. We appreciate it, and I recognize myself for 5 minutes of questions.    Ms. Miller, the George Washington University Regulatory Studies Center, how old is the center?    Mr. Whitfield. 2009.    Mr. Whitfield. And how long have you been there?    Mr. Whitfield. 2012.    Mr. Whitfield. So if you were running for public office or you going to some Rotary Club speaking somewhere around the country, could you categorically say that these efficiency regulations are saving consumers money because the reduction of electricity cost exceeds the additional cost of the new appliance?    Mr. Whitfield. Right.    Mr. Whitfield. So geographical area would have an impact on it?    Mr. Whitfield. And then you indicated the use of the product, obviously, would have an impact on it. And you mentioned, I think, that some elderly people who maybe use it less would have less benefit from it as well. Is that correct?    Mr. Whitfield. So you know, we--all of us make comments about, well, this is going to save money and so forth, but it is certainly possible, and in many instances, I would assume that low-income people and elderly are harmed more by these regulations perhaps than they are benefited. Would you agree with that?    Mr. Whitfield. OK.    Mr. Whitfield. Well, you know, originally this started because of the Arab oil embargo. I think the reasoning that this all started was because of trying to conserve the use of energy. And certainly that has changed today because we have an abundance of energy in America, but today, it has become more of a climate change issue. That is what people talk about. Well, we have got to stop. We have got to be more efficient, less CO2, and so forth.    Now, Mr. McGuire, you and Mr. Cosgriff and Mr. Yurek all touched on this, a need for reform. And you all made some pretty strong statements. You said that sometimes the product is not going to be as effective. It is going to cost more to consumers. It is going to reduce consumer choice. And one comment I would also make on H.R. 8, which is our energy bill, one of the most controversial aspects of it related to the process that the DOE goes through in adopting these new standards.    For example, they really are not transparent on it. The data analysis is not really available until they are getting ready to notice it, and so all we were saying in this one provision, which was like we were turning the world upside down was, we want DOE to sit down with the manufacturers, the people who make these goods and have a more open and transparent discussion with them. I mean, you would agree with that, right?    Mr. Whitfield. Right.    Mr. Whitfield. Right.    Mr. Whitfield. Mr. Cosgriff, do you agree with that basically?    Mr. Whitfield. Yes.    Mr. Whitfield. Well, I have a lot of other questions, but my time has already expired. Mr. Rush, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Rush. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I yield back.    Mr. Whitfield. The gentleman yields back. This time I recognize the gentleman from Illinois, Mr. Shimkus, for 5 minutes.