    Ms. Ochoa. Thank you, Chairman Meadows, Ranking Member Connolly, and members of the subcommittee. I appreciate the invitation to testify here today. Thank you for asking for testimony regarding the inspector general's evaluation of the GSA surplus firearm donation program.    As you know, the OIG found in that evaluation that GSA's records of firearms donations were incomplete and inaccurate and that inventory controls are not sufficient to monitor firearms donated to State and local law enforcement agents. As background, Federal agencies are required to report to GSA when they have excess property, including firearms, available for transfer to other Federal agencies. Excess property that is not needed by other Federal agencies becomes available as surplus property for State and local law enforcement use. Donations of Federal firearms to eligible State and local law enforcement agencies are for exclusive use by those agencies and only for law enforcement purposes.    Since 1999, GSA's surplus firearms donation program has coordinated the donation of surplus firearms, working with State Agency for Surplus Property representatives. To request surplus firearms, a State or local law enforcement agency must first submit a donation request to State officials. State officials then initiate the donation transfer process using GSA's Web-based property transfer system called GSAXcess and submit the donation request to GSA for approval. Once GSA approves the request, the donating Federal agency transfers the firearms directly to the State or local law enforcement agency.    Certain terms and conditions apply to firearms which are donated to those agencies. The law enforcement agencies must use the firearms solely for authorized law enforcement purposes. They may not sell or trade the firearms. They must report annual inventories to the State agencies, and they must immediately report lost or stolen weapons. Once the law enforcement agencies no longer have use for their donated firearms, they must notify GSA through the State agency, and GSA can then give permission to reassign the firearm to another agency, or the firearm must be destroyed.    The OIG began an evaluation of GSA's surplus firearm donation program in October 2014. We sought to determine whether firearms donations were made in compliance with Federal regulations, whether they were adequately monitored and reported, and to what extent donated firearms were missing or stolen.    We were unable to complete all of the objectives of this evaluation because we found that GSA's records of firearms donations were incomplete and inaccurate and that inventory controls were not sufficient to monitor firearms donated to State and local law enforcement agencies.    And just as examples, we found that information in GSAXcess used to record the initial transfer of the firearms was incomplete, often missing such basic information as the names and addresses of the law enforcement agency to whom the firearms were donated. Other information was entered incompletely or placed in the wrong data fields, including information such as the serial number, make, and model of the donated firearms. The database wasn't designed to record any transfers after the initial donation, such as information about a transfer of the firearms to another agency, reports of missing or stolen weapons, or destruction of weapons. The program officer for GSA sought to keep paper records of the transfers and used spreadsheets to manually track the subsequent activity. Those records, however, could not be sorted or searched electronically. They contained inaccuracies, and they were incomplete.    We also found that inventory controls were incomplete. States did them inconsistently. GSA provided no uniform guidance, and in general, there's been a lack of oversight from GSA on the inventory process. As a result, donated firearms have been overlooked in the inventory process, increasing the risk of theft or unauthorized use.    As a result of our review, we made several recommendations to GSA centered around improving data management, both electronically and also improving the inventory process, providing guidance to the States, implementing an inventory-wide review process, and implementing standardized procedures for conducting and reporting inventories.    Again, I thank you for the opportunity to testify and for the subcommittee's support of inspectors general. I ask that my testimony and the OIG's report be made part of the record.    Ms. Ochoa. This also predates my tenure with GSA, but I am told the same thing, that Administrator Tangherlini did make a request.    Ms. Ochoa. Our report was issued in June of 2015.    Ms. Ochoa. June.    Ms. Ochoa. We were told that she did, yes.    Ms. Ochoa. Well, the issue that we saw was the information being essentially stovepiped with one person for a nationwide program, one person who was trying to keep track of it manually, which proved to be nearly impossible.    Ms. Ochoa. It's hard to say. We haven't yet evaluated the corrective action that the agency is undertaking. They told us that they won't complete it until end of May, beginning of June, and we'll take a very close look then at whether the steps actually achieve the spirit of the recommendations.    Ms. Ochoa. The program administrator seeks to track all of the firearms through paper records, yes. That's correct.    Ms. Ochoa. It's not particularly accessible, as you can imagine. She keeps boxes of records. She told us that in order to trace one particular firearm, it could take days. When we tried to compare her records to the spreadsheet--she was keeping to try to centralize in paper the whereabouts of the weapons--we found a lot of inconsistencies. She also inherited some records from her predecessor, so it's not a very accessible system.    Ms. Ochoa. I learned about it when I read Mr. Sisk's testimony for the hearing.