    Mr. Johnson. Thank you so much, Mr. Chairman. Today's hearing, the so-called triple threat of Federal regulation on jobs, wages, and innovation, is yet another attempt to justify the crony capitalist mission of regulatory reform. To suggest that we do not need any regulations and that regulations are terrible and a threat to jobs, wages, and innovation is just ridiculous.    While my Republican colleagues have repeatedly asserted that regulations inhibit job growth, all of the available evidence demonstrates that regulations play little role in unemployment. As the unemployment rate shrinks month by month, this argument has now shifted to wages and innovation. Notwithstanding the slippery nature of the regulatory reform debate, the facts remain clear: there is little to no connection between Federal regulation and jobs, wages, or innovation.    Leading experts at the University of Pennsylvania conducted an exhaustive study in 2014 that found that regulation plays a relatively small role in determining the aggregate number of jobs.'' Earlier studies by a host of experts in economics and administrative law reached similar conclusions. The Economic Policy Institute, San Francisco Federal Reserve, and the National Employment Law Project have also refuted the assertion that regulations undermine wage growth.    And finally, the economics chair at the Mercatus Institute, which is a bastion for conservative, free-market economic theory, has debunked the argument that regulations undermine innovation, finding that the exact opposite is true: ``Industries with greater regulatory stringency have higher startup rates,'' as well as similarly high job creation rates.    Meanwhile, the latest report from the Bureau of Labor Statistics shows that unemployment has fallen to 4.9 percent, the lowest since the George W. Bush recession. That is over 70 straight months of private sector job growth. I think that is about 14 million jobs created over the last 70 months. And that is with the Obama regulatory system, which, by the way, is very pro-worker, pro-environment, pro-public health and safety, and pro-innovation. Even conservative economic theorists have given up insisting that pro-regulatory policies undermine our economic output.    As Douglas Holtz-Eakin, president of the American Action Forum, and with great gnashing of his teeth noted himself, ``With low unemployment and rising wages, the Republicans' job gets a lot harder.'' Noting that a recent jobs report was ``promising.''    Finally, some will argue today that the sharing economy is proof of the positive effects of deregulation. I strongly oppose that sentiment. The sharing economy involves nuanced questions concerning the interplay between competition, regulation, and consumer protection. It has opened new markets to competition that did not exist just a few years ago, while raising novel and complex regulatory issues.    But let me be clear. The innovation economy has flourished under the Obama administration, just as the Internet blossomed under the Clinton administration. It does not exist in a regulatory or legal vacuum, and there is zero tradeoff between innovation and consumer protection.    In fact, as studies have repeatedly found, consumers only use services where there is a strong foundation of trust. As the Chairman of the Subcommittee knows, I have called for a hearing on this subject, the innovation economy, which this Subcommittee exercises ample jurisdiction over.    Indeed, we could have an entire series on it but, sadly, today's hearing, the 29th anti-regulatory hearing of its kind, will not explore the issues raised by the sharing economy in a thoughtful and evenhanded way. But I look forward to action on this issue, and with that, I will yield back.    Mr. Johnson. Well with arbitration also.    Mr. Johnson. Thank you, Mr. Chairman and thank the members of the panel for coming here today to testify. Mr. Murray, it is your contention that regulations are what is resulting in your industry not doing as well as it had in the past?    Mr. Johnson. Which rules in particular, in addition to the Stream Protection Rule, are you unhappy with?    Mr. Johnson. Now, you are aware of the fact that 95 percent of the world's scientists, as I understand it, all agree that the burning of fossil fuels like coal produce heat-trapping gases that are the main cause of the ongoing rise in global atmospheric temperatures.    Mr. Johnson. Well, you know, there are a lot of organizations that take a different view of the Stream Protection Rule, and they see a need for regulations to protect clean water, to enable us as people to enjoy clean water. And you know, regulations have their place, do they not?    Mr. Johnson. Well, I can appreciate your view on that. And others have a different view. And, you know, the fact is the coal industry is subject to a lot of pressure from--I mean, Ms. Kaboth, her industry or her company has moved away from coal-fired plants or coal-fired production to natural gas. Is that right, Ms. Kaboth?    Mr. Johnson. And so, natural gas is one of your competitors, Mr. Murray. Is that not correct?    Mr. Johnson. That is another factor that is causing your industry to not be doing as well as it once did?    Mr. Johnson. And you believe that--both of you believe, do you not, that health of workers is a legitimate area for regulation?    Mr. Johnson. So, you are not contesting any occupational safety rules, occupational health and safety rules, are you?    Mr. Johnson. And, Mr. Bivens, your conclusion is that these regulations have no impact on job creation or investment or profits or even wages for workers. Is that correct?    Mr. Johnson. All right. Mr. Weissman, you are the only attorney on the panel. I share that dubious distinction with you, although I appreciate having that distinction. Anything you would like to add?    Mr. Johnson. All right. Thank you. My time has expired, so thank you. Mr. Chairman, I ask for unanimous consent to enter into the record a letter from the coalition of environmental groups in support of this, the stream rule, and also a letter from the American Sustainable Business Council that is regarding this hearing.    Mr. Johnson. Thank you.