    Mrs. Lowey. Well, I thank you very, very much. I am laughing because the chairman and I feel as if we are on roller skates today. We are honored and privileged to have four Secretaries with us. And I am particularly pleased to be here today, and I cannot help but think what a great privilege you have to have this extraordinary portfolio, and how privileged we are to have you in that position, so I thank you for your service and your commitment. I wish that I could do all the hiking that you do and enjoy the great outdoors as much as you do. So thank you very, very much.    From conserving and protecting such national treasures as the Statue of Liberty and the Grand Canyon, to providing for the public use and enjoyment of nearly 500 million acres of Federal land, the Interior Department is indeed the caretaker of significant aspects of our national heritage. Add to that its responsibilities to Native Americans, wildlife, energy production, and far flung U.S. territories, and the Department certainly has a wide and varied portfolio.    To carry out these important responsibilities, the Administration is requesting approximately $11.9 billion. If enacted, this request would reverse some of the steep declines these programs have suffered from in recent years, which led to a reduction in routine maintenance, aging, understaffed park facilities, and public lands at great risk of fire because they had not been properly managed. The President's 2016 request not only makes the programs in this bill a priority, he has provided to Congress an entire budget focused on critical investments, continued economic growth. The budget calls for investments in research, education, training and infrastructure.    And I want to repeat again because I think it is so important, the proposed rule has also called for the end of the mindless austerity of sequestration, urging this Congress to replace it with more targeted spending cuts, program integrity measures, and the closure of some outdated tax loopholes. I understand many of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle have differences with how we address sequestration. Many are focused on the potential security concerns if we do not address the sequester on the defense side of the ledger. I see common ground, and I believe we can once achieve the compromise under the Murray-Ryan plan of 2013.    Now, I want to make it clear that plan was not perfect, but it did provide a path forward for another budget deal. Without such an agreement, our appropriations process is deeply in peril, with discretionary funds on pace to be at the lowest levels since the Eisenhower Administration.    The President's 2016 request would renew our commitment to our national parks as part of the upcoming National Parks Centennial, as well as the initiatives to preserve the sites and resources associated with America's civil rights story, and to engage our youth in outdoor activities. The investments proposed to advance the social and economic wellbeing of Native Americans are commendable. I am especially glad to see the additional funds and reforms directed at improving Indian education, as well as the efforts being directed at providing support for youth and families.    I am glad to see the focus on the safe and efficient use of America's energy resources. Now, while some pay lip service to an all-of-the-above energy strategy, the Department has expanded America's energy portfolio. We are seeing a tremendous increase in renewable energy production on public lands, despite a lot of rhetoric, more oil and gas actually being produced on public lands than in the last years of the previous Administration. I am especially glad to see that following the Deepwater Horizon disaster, significant reforms were instituted to prevent such accidents and to protect lives and property.    So Madam Secretary, in closing, I want to tell you again how much I appreciate your commitment and your passion that you bring to the job. I look forward to your testimony this afternoon. And I thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mrs. Lowey. Well, thank you very much. Getting back to jobs and the economy, according to your Department, in 2013, Interior's programs contributed an estimated $360 billion to the U.S. economy and supported more than two million jobs. That is a pretty good record, so I hope we can continue in that direction.    The budget request, however, once again proposes to cut national heritage areas this year by 51 percent. In 2013, the National Park Service released a report stating that the 49 national heritage areas contributed $12.9 billion annually to the national economy, supporting 148,000 jobs, generating $1.2 billion in Federal tax receipts. In my region, the Hudson River Valley National Heritage Area, contributes $538 million to the State's economy, supports 6,530 jobs, and generates $66.6 million in tax revenue. So it is an important program to spur tourism and economic development, and is popular obviously among the people who live in the region.    Can you tell me if you are concerned that slashing funding by nearly half would jeopardize the contributions that heritage areas make to promote job creation and outdoor recreation? And can you please explain why the proposed cut to the program is so large?    Mrs. Lowey. Well, I really do hope that working together with the distinguished chairman of the committee and all the members of this committee who care so much about this account, we could work in a bipartisan way so we can end sequestration and bring some thoughtfulness to this process, because it is unfortunate to cut or decrease funding for programs that really do work, and, again, create jobs, strengthen the economy, which is what we are all about, Democrats and Republicans.    Let me just ask one other question because I know we are running out of time. It was just 2 years and 4 months ago that Hurricane Sandy battered a wide swathe of the Mid-Atlantic and northeast causing significant damage to communities and natural resources in the areas. National parks, such as the Statute of Liberty, Gateway National Recreation Area, sustained heavy damage. If you can give us an update of what progress has been made in restoring these and the many other natural and historic resources that were damaged by Hurricane Sandy, I would appreciate it. And are these restoration projects being rebuilt to frankly provide more resiliency to any impending storm? These storms we used to think come every hundred years. They seem to come every couple of years. So if you can comment, I would appreciate it.    Mrs. Lowey. Thank you very much. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.