    Mr. Echeverria. That's correct.    Mr. Echeverria. Mr. Chairman, Ranking Member Cohen, and Members of the Subcommittee, thank you for the opportunity to testify today. As the Chairman mentioned, I'm a professor of law at Vermont Law School, where I teach property, including the law of takings. And I have frequently written on the topic of takings and property rights. I have had the privilege of representing parties and amici curiae in takings cases at all levels of the Federal and State court systems. I am honored to be here today.    In the interest of time, I will confine my remarks to the eminent domain issue, but I will be happy to address any questions you may have about regulatory takings during the Q&A.    Congress has so far refrained from adopting one-size-fits-all national legislation governing the use of eminent domain for economic development. I submit to you that Congress should mark the 10th anniversary of the Kelo decision by maintaining that wise course.    The judicious use of eminent domain is essential for overcoming the holdout problem that impedes important redevelopment activity. In older communities, the division of land ownership into smaller parcels prevents the assembly of useful, economically viable redevelopment areas through voluntary market transactions. Without eminent domain, a few individual owners can derail redevelopment projects by refusing to sell at any price or by seeking an judicial windfall.    In my view, the Supreme Court in the Kelo case wisely refused to embrace novel interpretations of the public use requirement of the Takings Clause that would have made it harder for State and local governments to address the holdout problem. Not only is the Kelo decision good legal policy, but it is consistent with over 100 years of U.S. Supreme Court precedent interpreting the meaning of the phrase ``public use,'' and therefore, contrary to what you've heard previously this afternoon, it is in my view a model of traditional restraint.    Today, 10 years after the Kelo decision, the case for Congress not proceeding with national eminent domain legislation has only gotten stronger. While the Kelo decision upheld the use of eminent domain for economic development, the court recognized ``that the necessity and wisdom of using eminent domain to promote economic development are certainly matters of legitimate public debate.''    The court, in effect, invited the States to consider imposing their own State-level restrictions on the use of eminent domain, and the States have responded to that invitation with great enthusiasm. Over 40 States have adopted different types of reform legislation. A number of States have also adopted through their judiciaries new restrictive interpretations of the public use requirements in their own takings clauses.    Naturally, given the diversity of our States, the States have adopted very different approaches to the issue of reforming the use of eminent domain in the aftermath of Kelo. I noted in the testimony of the first witness that he observes that every single State that has addressed the Kelo question has addressed it in a different fashion. In other words, we have over 40 distinctive approaches to Kelo reform in the State legislatures.    In my view, it would be both unwise and destructive for Congress to pass legislation contradicting all this good work in the States. Not only have the States acted, but they have acted in a wide variety of different ways that reflect the specific values, interests, and redevelopment challenges in the individual States. New Mexico, to pick one example, has essentially abolished the use of eminent domain to promote economic development. New York, by contrast, has declined to do that. And in between those two positions many other States have adopted a wide variety of other reform approaches.    National legislation would trump all this State lawmaking activity, wasting all this State effort and overriding the considered judgements of elected State officials about what uses of eminent domain are appropriate in their States. Lawmakers in Washington, D.C., would improperly substitute their wisdom for that of the leaders of the States, the laboratories of democracy, by passing national legislation addressing the use of eminent domain at the local level.    For all these reasons, I respectfully submit that Congress should continue to stay its hand on the eminent domain issue.    Thank you again for the opportunity to testify. And as I said at the outset, I would be happy to respond to any questions, including any questions about the regulatory takings issue. Thank you.    Mr. Echeverria. Well, there's so much to say. Let me respond to some of the comments on regulatory takings. I think it's just simply not correct to say that an unconstitutional, unhistorical, expansive reading of the Takings Clause would not interfere with government's ability to operate. Justice Holmes famously remarked in the Mahon case that government could hardly go on if government had to pay every time it imposed a piece of general legislation.    Charles Fried, a very distinguished professor at Harvard Law School, wrote a book recounting his experiences in the Reagan administration where this novel, expansive theory of regulatory takings was first developed, and he was very explicit in saying, from his perspective, as the number three person in the Justice Department, that the regulatory takings agenda was designed to impede regulatory action.    So if the law were changed and established precedent were altered and government were required to pay for every kind of regulatory restriction, the fact of the matter is that government would grind to a halt. And I suggest to you that is the objective of groups like the Reason Foundation, the Pacific Legal Foundation, and the Institute for Justice.    Mr. Echeverria. Many hard-working students contribute to our support.    Mr. Echeverria. I'm not being paid to be here by any institution.    Mr. Echeverria. I can't offhand. I mean, I wouldn't doubt that there may be some.    I think it is important to emphasize, you mentioned infrastructure facilities, that pipelines and highways can be as destructive to homeowner interests as any other form of eminent domain.    Mr. Echeverria. I don't think that makes any difference to the homeowner. The representative of the National Association of Colored People who spoke at a recent Cato anniversary celebration argued that if Congress were to address the question of eminent domain, Congress----    Mr. Echeverria. I was simply trying to share with you the advice----    Mr. Echeverria. Can I answer the question, the first question?    Mr. Echeverria. No, I never got my chance.    Mr. Echeverria. You asked another question, you raised infrastructure, and I was trying to respond to that part of your question.    Mr. Echeverria. And I just was trying to tell you that many people do not see a distinction there and do not think that Congress should draw such a distinction.    On the question of the----    Mr. Echeverria. Well, I would be loathe to do that because I think Kelo reaffirmed 100 years of precedent. Can I explain why I think----