    Dr. Throckmorton. Thank you, Chairman Chaffetz, Ranking Member Cummings.    Dr. Throckmorton. All right.    Chairman Chaffetz, Ranking Member Cummings, members of the committee, I am Dr. Douglas Throckmorton, deputy district for regulatory programs in the Center for Drug Evaluation and Research at the FDA. Thank you for this opportunity to appear before you today to discuss FDA's role in ensuring the safety, efficacy, and availability of epinephrine auto-injectors.    As Chairman Chaffetz said, epinephrine auto-injectors, with the most widely used and recognizable product being Mylan's EpiPen, are critically important and potentially life-saving for patients who suffer from a severe allergic reaction called anaphylaxis. When a patient requires this medication, seconds count, and it must work every time. To ensure this, it is critical that both the medication and the device that delivers it perform as designed.    At the FDA, we are aware of the recent spikes in the price of EpiPen. In fact, I am personally aware of it as my son carries an epinephrine auto-injector for his allergies.    Although FDA does not have a regulatory role in the pricing of drug products, we do play a critical role in ensuring that patients have access to beneficial medicines. We also recognize that when more than one version of a drug, especially a generic version, is approved, it can improve marketplace competition and help to provide additional options for consumers.    With this role in mind, FDA is working hard to support the timely, scientific, and efficient development of new epinephrine auto-injector products.    I should first note that EpiPen is not the only product approved to treat anaphylaxis in an emergency. To date, FDA has approved four products to treat anaphylaxis, two of which are currently on the market.    While doing what we can to support new epinephrine auto-injector product development, FDA cannot approve a product for which we haven't received an application, which is why we're doing all we can to support manufacturers as they work to develop innovative new products, including new epinephrine auto-injector products, and bring them to market faster.    For example, in 2013, the agency provided technical information to industry to design and test auto-injectors. More recently, this year we released draft guidance on how to determine whether these devices can be used effectively by patients.    These efforts can help development by providing a clear roadmap to reduce uncertainty that can slow development.    We also recognize the importance of generic drugs in the United States and are working in this area to support their development. For example, as a part of our larger work to improve the review and development of generic drugs, FDA's Office of Generic Drugs has a prioritization and expedited review policy that allows for certain products to get priority review, including products that are called, quote, ``first generics.''    To close, thank you for your interest in this important topic related to the safety, efficacy, and availability of epinephrine auto-injectors. FDA takes our role, our public health mission seriously, and is working hard to fulfill our role as it relates to this issue.    One critical part of this mission is to assure that the medical products on market are safe and effective and that they can be used as needed. In addition, as a part of our mission, FDA is also playing an important role in advancing public health by helping to speed innovation that promotes the wider availability of these products.    For complex medical products, such as epinephrine auto-injectors, this means providing a roadmap to developers seeking to market new products and working with them, whenever possible, in support of new product development. These efforts, coupled with the work of other groups with important roles to play, will help assure access to these important medicines for patients.    I'm happy to answer any questions that I can.    Dr. Throckmorton. Currently there are around 2,300 abbreviated new drug applications that we are reviewing. That is not backlog. The backlog I believe you're referring to would be the products that were in the queue prior to 2012, prior to the passage of the----    Dr. Throckmorton. The number of products that were in the queue in 2012 that remain unreviewed, less than 100. We have reviewed well over 90 percent of those products and provided feedback to the sponsors.    Dr. Throckmorton. I can't answer that question, I'm afraid, Congressman. I can tell you that----    Dr. Throckmorton. I do not know that number right now, sir.    Dr. Throckmorton. What I can tell you is----    Dr. Throckmorton. I wish that I could answer that question, sir, but----    Dr. Throckmorton. I can get back whatever information I can to you as quickly as I can.    Dr. Throckmorton. I'll be able to provide whatever information I can.    Dr. Throckmorton. It's simply a legal answer. I'm not allowed to----    Dr. Throckmorton. A legal answer. I'm not allowed to disclose commercial confidential information in this setting. And my understanding is that----    Dr. Throckmorton. There is no generic product to any auto-injector formulation of epinephrine. The generic form that Ms. Bresch is talking about is a so-called authorized to generic, which, as has been previously characterized, is the brand name product marketed without the brand name on its label. That it is the generic the way we----    Dr. Throckmorton. I think it's public knowledge that there are companies that are looking at that.    Dr. Throckmorton. I can't comment on any specific applications. I can tell you----    Dr. Throckmorton. They would have to be approved by us.    Dr. Throckmorton. I'm not--I'm sorry, I can't comment.    Dr. Throckmorton. I'm sorry I can't comment about this.    Dr. Throckmorton. I absolutely agree with that.    Dr. Throckmorton. I'm sorry, I can't provide that information to you.    Dr. Throckmorton. I'm sorry, I don't understand.    Dr. Throckmorton. Currently, there are two products that are available on the market. Both of them have been approved as new drug products. So the first is the EpiPen. The other is a product called Adrenaclick, which is another epinephrine auto-injector that prescribers can write for and is available through pharmacies.    Dr. Throckmorton. Beginning in October, on October 1, we've committed to 10-month review times for any new application. Some products----    Dr. Throckmorton. I'm sorry, I can't provide that information, but I can tell you that in addition to the 10-month clock that we've committed to, beginning on October 1, some products that are particularly high public health value, including so-called first generics, are eligible for priority review. So those things would happen more quickly.    Dr. Throckmorton. So thank you for that question. I want to take issue slightly with that characterization of where we are as an agency. There was a time when our resources were not able to keep up with the applications that we were receiving for true generic drug products, not authorized generic but true drug products approved under the abbreviated new drug applications.    There was a time in 2012 when we were--we did have the backlog. We had over 4,400 applications that needed to be reviewed. In 2012, with Congress' help, we got additional resources, allowing us to hire new individuals, put in place new processes. The result of that have been over 2,200 approvals or tentative approvals since 2012. So we have, in fact, made progress in reaching conclusions regarding approvals of true generic products.    Dr. Throckmorton. Absolutely. We, first and foremost, agree with everything that has been said today about the power of competition and the importance of us taking that challenge on, us making it possible to develop new products. In particular, when you are talking about products like auto-injectors for epinephrine, the public health value is even higher. And we understand, for those products, we need to put particular work, attention.    We've made several--we've done several things specifically about difficult-to-develop products like the epinephrine auto-injector. I mentioned a couple of them earlier, the guidances that we have put out, talking about how to put these products on the market efficiently, quickly, how we're going to review the data, the kinds of information you need.    In addition, we meet with any company that comes to us with a product that has this public health value. We offer to meet with them individually. We offer to respond to their questions in writing. We have put out----    Dr. Throckmorton. I would welcome----    Dr. Throckmorton. If there is a case, I hope they call.    Dr. Throckmorton. That would not be a question for me to answer, Congressman, but a very good question. The FDA is not allowed to consider cost when we look at drug approvals.    Dr. Throckmorton. Beginning in October 1, we're committing to 10-month review time. If it's a high-quality application----    Dr. Throckmorton. And we shouldn't be using those letters to do that. Those letters should be----    Dr. Throckmorton. Those letters should be----    Dr. Throckmorton. I'd be happy to look at them.    Dr. Throckmorton. What we should be using those letters for is to signal true deficiencies in applications.    Dr. Throckmorton. Since 2012, we have put in place a process----    Dr. Throckmorton. For a true generic.    Dr. Throckmorton. So an authorized generic like we've been talking about up to now, that's not approved under that----    Dr. Throckmorton. We have 1,700 responses that we've sent back to sponsors requesting additional information. We're waiting for that information to come back. There are other applications that are in-house that we're reviewing, again, on the timeline that we've discussed earlier.    Dr. Throckmorton. I can't verify that number. There are 2,300 applications before the agency and this year----    Dr. Throckmorton. Twenty-three hundred.    Dr. Throckmorton. This year we've approved 600 products through the middle of this year.    Dr. Throckmorton. I don't have that information before me. It's also changing. So in the period before GDUFA I, before we got the User Fee Act, those times were----    Dr. Throckmorton. I'd offer to get you the trend, if I could. I think that would probably be more useful.    Dr. Throckmorton. Yeah, that's simply a misunderstanding. And I'd be happy to----    Dr. Throckmorton. Forty-seven months is from the beginning of GDUFA I, from the beginning of User Fee Act. So any products that are being approved now that have been----    Dr. Throckmorton. I'm disputing that for products that come in today, it will not make 47 months.    Dr. Throckmorton. There are products that come in and are sometimes insufficient to get approval. Sometimes that's because the data that they've submitted aren't appropriate.    Dr. Throckmorton. That's the backlog, the applications that have been submitted to us.    Dr. Throckmorton. Prior to the beginning of GDUFA I, there was a total of around 4,600 applications that we needed to review. We've acted on more than 90 percent of those. In fact, there are fewer than 100 of them that have not gotten a response.    Dr. Throckmorton. Less than 100 of them remain to have a response. Again, some of the--those products that have a full dossier, have given us the data that we need, have been approved or given tentative approval. Products that are not sufficient, that haven't met the data needs for us, I don't think you'd want us to rubber stamp those.    Dr. Throckmorton. I'd like to show you the trend data. That is not the trend that we're seeing for the cohort that are being--the applications----    Dr. Throckmorton. The European system is quite different from ours.    Dr. Throckmorton. I would say they are apples and oranges to try to compare honestly.    Dr. Throckmorton. There is another product that's being marketed. Why it's not marketed more broadly, why these increases in prices I think is the question you are asking. Isn't it?    Dr. Throckmorton. I'm told that that product is lower price, yes.    Dr. Throckmorton. There are no generics in the way that I think you are speaking of them. The generics that are available are so-called authorized generics, which are branded name products that have chosen to remove their name from their label. Otherwise, they are----    Dr. Throckmorton. Our interest, I would say the broader interest that we have is in encouraging real competition, which means multiple manufacturers creating many different versions of epinephrine auto-injectors, including true generics, generics approved under the Abbreviated New Drug Application.    Dr. Throckmorton. If you were looking just simply at the numbers of manufacturers in the area, there are two manufacturers currently making epinephrine auto-injectors for prescription in the U.S. There's a third product that's approved that was voluntarily withdrawn last fall because of some manufacturing issues. If they address those manufacturing issues, they would be able to come back onto the market also.    Dr. Throckmorton. We are offering any assistance that we can to them to do exactly that.    Dr. Throckmorton. 2,300 actions are currently before us.    Dr. Throckmorton. I'd like to get that information and get it back to you as soon as I can.    Dr. Throckmorton. Can I----    Dr. Throckmorton. Ten days sounds like a common number, if that would be good enough for you.