    Mr. Meyer. Chairman Issa, Ranking Member Johnson, and other Members of the House Judiciary Committee, thanks for giving me the opportunity to give testimony on how the current model of Federal regulation stands in the way of millennial entrepreneurs. Millennials have been called the startup generation, but few young Americans have followed through on their entrepreneurial dreams. About two-thirds of millennials want to work for themselves at some point. Yet less than 4 percent of private businesses are at least partially owned by someone under the age of 30, the lowest annual proportion on record.    Government policy, particularly in regards to regulation, ignores the reality of a 21st century economy and continues to hold back millennials' economic opportunity. Congress has granted executive and independent agencies freedom to regulate with minimal oversight, and these agencies consistently understate the costs that their pronouncements place on young Americans. It is impossible to know the full costs of America's 175,000-page Code of Federal Regulations because executive agencies refuse to take count.    For example, during 2014, only 16 of the over 3,500 rules published in the Federal Register had a cost analysis. This lack of oversight occurred even though there were 290 significant rules and 69 economically significant rules that year. These types of rules generally have over $100 million in annual negative effects on the economy, and are supposed to undergo rigorous review.    Agencies are also increasingly acting as legislators. In 2015, there were over 50 regulations for each law that Congress passed. This imbalance shows the need for Congress to take back its authority from agencies. Public review and transparency requirements do not apply to agency guidance documents, memorandum, or notices.    These growing types of shadow, or also called dark matter, regulation lack transparency, even though they can impose substantial costs on young Americans. This negative effect can be seen in the Department of Labor's efforts to make it more difficult for independent contractors to work.    The Labor Department recently issued an administrator's interpretation, which did not have to go before the public for comments; that downplays a lack of control over workers' hours as a determinant in employment status. The flexibility that independent contractor status offers workers is vital for many industries, including the emerging sharing economy. The sharing economy's embrace of technology, convenience, and flexibility embodies many young Americans' economic ideal. While some workers use these platforms full-time, the vast majority use them for part-time work or supplemental income. For about the 70 percent of young adults who experience an average change of over 30 percent in their monthly incomes, the opportunity to smooth out earnings to meet rent, pay down student loans, or fund a new business venture is a benefit of the sharing economy that must be protected.    Young Americans realize how out of touch regulators are with today's economy. If you look at it, only 18 percent of millennials believe that regulators primarily have the public's interest in mind. The worker classification needs to be sorted out by Congress, not courts or unaccountable executive agencies. The alternative is the crippling of economic opportunity by executive agencies who are set on incorrectly classifying the vast majority of new economy workers as employees.    The House Judiciary Committee deserves credit for establishing a task force on executive overreach, as there are many ways that Congress can regain control over Federal agencies and restore lost economic opportunity for millennials. Part of the reason for the ineffectiveness of previous reforms is the inherent incentives that agencies have to expand their reach. Internal regulatory reviews have not led to meaningful reform, but how could they have? The hands-off approach that Congress has given agencies provides little incentive for self-control.    The three main priorities for meaningful regulatory reform should be slowing the continued growth in the cost and number of regulations, repealing outdated and burdensome regulations, and giving the public a greater say in agencies' actions. Many promising regulatory reforms have already been introduced in the House. The Regulatory Predictability for Business Growth Act, the Regulatory Accountability Act, REINS Act, Red Tape Act, and SCRUB Act, all address at least one of these important priorities.    Young Americans need a stronger voice in the regulatory process, and their elected representatives can provide that check. Millennials value transparency, democracy, and accountability. It is long past time for Congress to apply these principles to U.S. regulation.    Thank you for the opportunity to provide testimony, and I look forward to continuing the discussion.    Mr. Meyer. I would say that there are specific examples of regulation that have made it harder for young people to start businesses. But I would say this is by no means a phenomenon that is unique to this Administration. If you look back at the history of regulatory growth and accumulation, it has been unfortunately a bipartisan priority to continue increasing the size and scope of Federal regulation.    Mr. Meyer. I would not call it unprecedented. I would agree that we have seen an impressive streak of monthly job growth. But we still have not reached levels that would be expected this long after the recession.    Mr. Meyer. It is impressive that it is been unbroken. But if you look at the employment levels, especially taking into account decreased labor force participation, I think there are still a lot of problems going on in the labor force right now, especially----    Mr. Meyer. Yes, but if you look at, for young people, the labor force participation rate for teenagers now is at the lowest rate ever; same with for young adults 20 to 24, and this is not accounted for by increased education or increased people who are going to school. So----    Mr. Meyer. Could you say that one more time? Sorry.    Mr. Meyer. Well, overall. But if we are looking at unemployment rates for young people, it is now still over 16 percent for teenagers, and it is pushing 9 percent for young adults 20----    Mr. Meyer. These are ones who want a job and are looking for a job but are unable to find one.    Mr. Meyer. Yes, that was in my testimony.    Mr. Meyer. Yes, there are many, among them, having trouble finding a job, student loan debt. There are a lot of other factors.    Mr. Meyer. That is correct.    Mr. Meyer. Yes.    Mr. Meyer. Yes. When 70 percent of graduates are graduating with an average of $30,000 in student loans, that does put a burden on your future.    Mr. Meyer. I think that is one of the factors that has led to delayed marriages.    Mr. Meyer. Since the summer, since my book came out, I have traveled across the country and spoken to hundreds of millennials, a lot of them that want to be entrepreneurs. And student loan debt was brought up. But also, a lot of people, when they wanted to start their business, they thought it was as simple as, you know, have an idea, comply with a few basic tax and regulatory requirements, and then start earning money, or start providing opportunity to others. And they----    Mr. Meyer. Okay, sorry.    Mr. Meyer. Yeah.    Mr. Meyer. Yes.    Mr. Meyer. Yes.    Mr. Meyer. Correct.    Mr. Meyer. Yes, in general.    Mr. Meyer. Yes, and that----    Mr. Meyer. Yes.    Mr. Meyer. Yes.    Mr. Meyer. Just over the millennial cutoff, but pretty close.    Mr. Meyer. Is--which company?    Mr. Meyer. Yes.    Mr. Meyer. I am not sure if Yelp's founder was a millennial or not.