    Mr. Trott. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I appreciate your testimony. You know, it looks and smells a little bit like a slush fund. And I guess the critical question for me is when the settlements were reached with Citi, Chase, and B of A, how did they get access to the list for non-profits?    Mr. Trott. How did the financial institutions, they were just handed a list of the non-profits that were eligible for the money?    Mr. Trott. Okay. So you can state unequivocally that no attorney at Justice, the monitors of these settlements, none of those folks suggested at any time to B of A, Citi, or Chase that within this list of approved counseling agencies, there is any kind of preferred group. That is the critical question, is it not? I mean, if there was a preferred group, then we are talking about a slush fund, would you not agree?    Mr. Trott. So you can understand with that apprehension why the documents that Chairman Goodlatte is looking for are so critical to this discussion. Would you agree that that would resolve this question, would it not?    Mr. Trott. Mr. Chairman, one of the things we need to do is we need to get folks in from B of A, Chase, and Citi and ask them when you got this settlement and you started picking who was going to get involved in the non-profit world, how did you make that decision. And if someone there contradicts what you have said, then this whole discussion is over. It is a game, set, match, and it is a slush fund.    Now, if the Justice Department thought that this money for the non-profits was so productive, and some of it is. I have dealt with non-profits in the housing counseling world for many years. Some of them do a great job. Some of them do no service to the borrower who needs that help. But if they thought it was so productive, why would they not just recommend that the President's budget allocate more money to HUD for the non-profits, and that would be consistent with the Constitution? And why would they have to have part of the settlement that the money is directed this way?    Mr. Trott. But there was another way to accomplish that, which is to have the money come into Treasury and recommend that the money be allocated accordingly in the President's budget. That would have accomplished the same result, would you not agree, and be consistent with our Constitution?    Mr. Trott. Well, the budget allocates money to non-profits under the HUD grants, so more funding in that area would have accomplished the same result.    Mr. Trott. I appreciate it. Next question. Why would there be a 2-to-1 credit? You know, in my experience, you have a borrower that has a $70,000 mortgage. The property when they bought it was worth $100,000. Now it is under water to the tune of $50,000. It is a very difficult loan modification to accomplish without some loan balance relief. Why not allocate it differently? Instead of 2-to-1 in terms of favoring potential slush fund abuses, allocate it 2-to-1 to the borrower and give credit to Bank of America twice for every dollar they allocate to help some borrower that has got a loan balance that is workable.    Mr. Trott. Thank you, sir.