    Mrs. Yellen. Thank you. Chairman Hensarling, Ranking Member Waters, and members of the committee, I am pleased to present the Federal Reserve's semiannual Monetary Policy Report to the Congress. In my remarks today, I will discuss the current economic situation and outlook before turning to monetary policy.    Since my appearance before this committee last July, the employment situation in the United States has been improving along many dimensions. The unemployment rate now stands at 5.7 percent, down from just over 6 percent last summer and from 10 percent at its peak in late 2009. The average pace of monthly job gains picked up, from about 240,000 per month during the first half of last year to 280,000 per month during the second half. And employment rose 260,000 in January.    In addition, long-term unemployment has declined substantially. Fewer workers are reporting that they could find only part-time work when they would prefer full-time employment. And the pace of quits, often regarded as a barometer of worker confidence in labor market opportunities, has recovered nearly to its pre-recession level. However, the labor force participation rate is lower than most estimates of its trend and wage growth remains sluggish, suggesting that some cyclical weakness persists.    In short, considerable progress has been achieved in the recovery of the labor market, though room for further improvement remains.    At the same time that the labor market situation has improved, domestic spending and production have been increasing at a solid rate. Real gross domestic product is now estimated to have increased to the 3\3/4\ percent annual rate during the second half of last year. While GDP growth is not anticipated to be sustained at that pace, it is expected to be strong enough to result in a further gradual decline in the unemployment rate.    Consumer spending has been lifted by the improvement in the labor market as well as by the increase in household purchasing power resulting from the sharp drop in oil prices. However, housing construction continues to lag. Activity remains well below levels we judge could be supported in the longer run by population growth and the likely rate of household formation.    Despite the overall improvement in the U.S. economy and the U.S. economic outlook, longer term interest rates in the United States and other advanced economies have moved down significantly since the middle of last year. The declines have reflected, at least in part, disappointing foreign growth and changes in monetary policy abroad. Another notable development has been the plunge in oil prices. The bulk of this decline appears to reflect increased global supply rather than weaker global demand. While the drop in oil prices will have negative effects on energy producers and will probably result in job losses in this sector, causing hardship for affected workers and their families, it will likely be a significant overall plus on net for our economy.    Primarily, that boost will arise from U.S. households having the wherewithal to increase their spending on other goods and services as they spend less on gasoline.    Foreign economic developments, however, could pose risks to the outlook for U.S. economic growth. Although the pace of growth abroad appears to have stepped up slightly in the second half of last year, foreign economies are confronting a number of challenges that could restrain economic activity. In China, economic growth could slow more than anticipated, as policymakers address financial vulnerabilities and manage the desired transition to less reliance on exports and investment as sources of growth. In the Euro area, recovery remains slow, and inflation has fallen to very low levels. Although highly accommodative monetary policy should help boost economic growth and inflation there, downside risks to economic activity in the region remain.    The uncertainty surrounding the foreign outlook, however, does not exclusively reflect downside risks. We could see economic activity respond to the policy stimulus now being provided by foreign central banks more strongly than we currently anticipate, and the recent decline in world oil prices could boost overall global economic growth more than we expect.    U.S. inflation continues to run below the committee's 2 percent objective. In large part, the recent softness in the all-items measure of inflation for personal consumption expenditures reflects the drop in oil prices. Indeed, the PCE price index edged down during the fourth quarter of last year and looks to be on track to register a more significant decline this quarter because of falling consumer energy prices, but core PCE inflation has also slowed since last summer, in part reflecting declines in the prices of many imported items and perhaps also some passthrough of lower energy costs into core consumer prices.    Despite the very low recent readings on actual inflation, inflation expectations, as measured in a range of surveys of households and professional forecasters, have thus far remained stable. However, inflation compensation, as calculated from the yields of real and nominal Treasury securities, has declined. As best we can tell, the fall in inflation compensation mainly reflects factors other than the reduction in longer term inflation expectations.    The committee expects inflation to decline further in the near term before rising gradually toward 2 percent over the medium term as the labor market improves further and the transitory effects of lower energy prices and other factors dissipate, but we will continue to monitor inflation developments closely.    I will now turn to monetary policy. The Federal Open Market Committee is committed to policies that promote maximum employment and price stability, consistent with our mandate from the Congress. As my description of economic developments indicated, our economy has made important progress toward the objective of maximum employment, reflecting in part support from the highly accommodative stance of monetary policy in recent years.    In light of the cumulative progress toward maximum employment and the substantial improvement in the outlook for labor market conditions, the stated objective of the Committee's recent asset purchase program, the FOMC concluded that program at the end of October. Even so, the Committee judges that a high degree of policy accommodation remains appropriate to foster further improvement in labor market conditions and to promote a return of inflation toward 2 percent over the medium term. Accordingly, the FOMC has continued to maintain the target range for the Federal funds rate at zero to a quarter percent and to keep the Federal Reserve's holdings of longer term securities at their current elevated level to help maintain accommodative financial conditions.    The FOMC is also providing forward guidance that offers information about our policy outlook and expectations for the future path of the Federal funds rate. In that regard, the Committee judged in December and January that it can be patient in beginning to raise the Federal funds rate. This judgment reflects the fact that inflation continues to run well below the Committee's 2 percent objective and that room for sustainable improvements in labor market conditions still remains.    The FOMC's assessment that it can be patient in beginning to normalize policy means that the Committee considers it unlikely that economic conditions will warrant an increase in the target range for the Federal funds rate for at least the next couple of FOMC meetings. If economic conditions continue to improve, as the Committee anticipates, the Committee will at some point begin considering an increase in the target range for the Federal funds rate on a meeting-by-meeting basis. Before then, the Committee will change its forward guidance.    However, it is important to emphasize that a modification of the forward guidance should not be read as indicating that the Committee will necessarily increase the target range in a couple of meetings; instead, the modification should be understood as reflecting the Committee's judgment that conditions have improved to the point where it will soon be the case that a change in the target range could be warranted at any meeting.    Provided that labor market conditions continue to improve and further improvement is expected, the Committee anticipates that it will be appropriate to raise the target range for the Federal funds rate when, on the basis of incoming data, the Committee is reasonably confident that inflation will move back over the medium term toward our 2 percent objective.    It continues to be the FOMC's assessment that even after employment and inflation are near levels consistent with our dual mandate, economic conditions may for some time warrant keeping the Federal funds rate below levels the Committee views as normal in the longer run. It is possible, for example, that it may be necessary for the Federal funds rate to run temporarily below its normal longer run level, because the residual effects of the financial crisis may continue to weigh on economic activity.    As such factors continue to dissipate, we would expect the Federal funds rate to move toward its longer run normal level. In response to unforeseen developments, the Committee will adjust the target range for the Federal funds rate to best promote the achievement of maximum employment and 2 percent inflation.    Let me now turn to the mechanics of how we intend to normalize the stance and conduct of monetary policy when a decision is eventually made to raise the target range for the Federal funds rate.    Last September, the FOMC issued its statement on policy normalization, principles, and plans. The statement provides information about the Committee's likely approach to raising short-term interest rates and reducing the Federal Reserve's security holdings. As is always the case in setting policy, the Committee will determine the timing and pace of policy normalization so as to promote its statutory mandate to foster maximum employment and price stability.    The FOMC intends to adjust the stance of monetary policy during normalization primarily by changing its target range for the Federal funds rate and not by actively managing the Federal Reserve's balance sheet. The Committee is confident that it has the tools it needs to raise short-term interest rates when it becomes appropriate to do so and to maintain reasonable control of the level of short-term interest rates as policy continues to firm thereafter even though the level of reserves held by depository institutions is likely to diminish only gradually.    The primary means of raising the Federal funds rate will be to increase the rate of interest paid on excess reserves. The Committee also will use an overnight reverse repurchase agreement facility and other supplementary tools as needed to help control the Federal funds rate. As economic and financial conditions evolve, the Committee will phase out these supplementary tools when they are no longer needed. The Committee intends to reduce its security holdings in a gradual and predictable manner, primarily by ceasing to reinvest repayments of principal from securities held by the Federal Reserve. It is the committee's intention to hold in the longer run no more securities than necessary for the efficient and effective implementation of monetary policy and that these securities be primarily Treasury securities.    In sum, since the July 2014 Monetary Policy Report, there has been important progress toward the FOMC's objective of maximum employment. However, despite this improvement, too many Americans remain unemployed or underemployed; wage growth is still sluggish; and inflation remains well below our longer run objective.    As always, the Federal Reserve remains committed to employing its tools to best promote the attainment of its objectives of maximum employment and price stability.    Thank you. I would be pleased to take your questions.    Mrs. Yellen. Modification--not--    Mrs. Yellen. It means--a modification of the guidance would mean that we wish to consider whether or not to raise the Federal funds rate on a--    Mrs. Yellen. Yes.    Mrs. Yellen. So--    Mrs. Yellen. What--the view that I was offering, that is a statement I made in 1995. I was comparing the Taylor Rule to other rules that were simpler and indicating that that was a rule that, up until that time, from the mid-1980s until the mid-1990s, had worked well.    Mrs. Yellen. I don't believe in chaining--that the Fed should chain itself to any mechanical rule. I did not believe that in 1995; I do not believe it now. And I had the privilege to meet with Professor Taylor right after he proposed the Taylor Rule in 1993, and I agree with the views that he expressed then. If I could quote--    Mrs. Yellen. He said, ``Operating monetary policy by mechanically following a policy rule is not practical.''    Mrs. Yellen. --benchmarks that a central bank could refer to in deciding--    Mrs. Yellen. And I continue to hold that view.    Mrs. Yellen. I don't believe that any mechanical rule that links monetary policy to one or two variables, in the case of Taylor-Rule-type equations--    Mrs. Yellen. --it is two variables. We take into account a wide range of factors that impact the performance over time of the economy and--    Mrs. Yellen. --benchmark--    Mrs. Yellen. We are not seeking, we are not asking the Congress to alter it. The Act provides considerable flexibility for the Federal Reserve and other regulators to tailor rules that are appropriate to the institutions that we supervise. And while if we were starting from scratch, no doubt we would have suggestions for different ways of having formulated one thing or another, it has been a very useful piece of legislation. It has provided a roadmap for us to take strong action to improve the safety and soundness of the financial system. And we have found ways to use the flexibility that Act affords us--    Mrs. Yellen. --to appropriately tailor our supervision.    Ms. Waters. Thank you very much, Chairman Hensarling.    Madam Chair, since the chairman took that line of questioning, I think, prior to raising a question with you, it is important to know that the chairman and I have met on more than, I think, one occasion to talk about community banks and whether or not there were steps that could be taken that would ensure that the community banks are not overly burdened with regulations and to separate out the community banks from regionals and big banks.    And so it is not that Mr. Barney Frank, or I, or others believe that there never, ever, ever, can be any modifications, any changes. We have always said that we are open to technical changes and to working in areas where there may be confusion or appears to be duplication. So I want you to know that some of what is being raised with you is in ongoing discussions. And certainly--hopefully--if we can get the cooperation from the opposite side of the aisle on some of these issues, then there may be some room for some technical changes or modifications.    Having said that, I am interested in what is happening with our living wills. Under Title I of the Dodd-Frank Act--as you know, robust living wills under Title I of Dodd-Frank Act are crucial in order to ensure that we have truly ended too-big-to-fail. In the past few years, many members of the public wrote to the FDIC and the Federal Reserve expressing frustration that the public portions of living wills have been disappointing. Specifically, the lack of public information makes it difficult for members of the public to assess the progress that firms and regulators have made on achieving the goals of Dodd-Frank, which is to reduce the complexity of the world's most significant financial institutions and allow them to be resolved under ordinary bankruptcy proceedings without endangering the broader economy.    In an August 2014 press release, the Fed noted that both they and the FDIC will be working with large banks to explore ways to enhance public transparency of future plan submissions.    I want you, if you can, to elaborate on this commitment. What additional information does the Fed plan on releasing to the public so that we can know whether or not you are doing what we intended in Wall Street reform? If each living will is thousands of pages long, does the public really have any transparency if the Fed is only releasing about 30 or so pages of the plans?    Here is what I am concerned about: First of all, we understand that the submissions are certainly not adequate, that they are not what they should be in many instances. These banks are huge--the big banks we are talking about. They are complex, and we believe that the very top--sometimes the CEOs don't even know and understand the complexity of their institutions. And these living wills are extremely important if we are to have a plan by which we can resolve them in the event we determine that they are putting us all at risk. What can you tell us to update us about these living wills?    Mrs. Yellen. Let me say that we are taking the living wills process very seriously. We have worked closely with the FDIC, and last summer we issued a set of joint letters to the largest firms, establishing a clear set of criteria of things that we want to see in their next submissions. They are very significant steps that will improve the odds of resolvability under the Bankruptcy Code. We have told them, for example, that they need to establish a rational and less complex legal structure that would improve resolvability; that they need to develop a holding company structure to support resolvability; that they need to change the way in their--some of their derivatives contracts, stay provisions, include stay provisions that would aid resolvability. We have told them that they need to make sure that shared services that support critical operations in core business lines will be maintained throughout resolution. And we are working with the firms to make sure that by July of this year, when they make their next submissions, we see very meaningful improvements.    And I will say that in some of the largest firms, we have seen very meaningful steps toward reducing the number of legal entities along the lines that we have suggested.    If we do not see the kind of progress that we expect, we have told these firms that we expect to find their submissions not credible. So, we are taking this process very seriously.    Now, these living wills, as you said, they are often tens of thousands of pages. They contain a great deal of confidential information that doesn't really belong, I think, in the public domain. But we have insisted that they provide information to the public in the public portion of their submission. And we are working with them to try to increase the amount of information, the amount of detail that is in the public portion so that you would be able to get a better understanding of how they are proceeding on this.    Ms. Waters. Thank you very much. Let me just move to another subject area quickly, market manipulation. Paul Volcker, the architect of the Volcker Rule, has said that one key loophole that remains in his namesake rule is the merchant banking exemption, which allows our banks to engage in activity in the real economy. This includes activities like owning or controlling shopping centers, power plants, coal mines, even oil tankers. Traditionally, we have wanted to separate the business of banking from activities in the real economy because blurring these distinctions runs the risk of banks engaging in anticompetitive behavior, manipulating markets, driving up costs for consumers, or just accruing too much political power over our economy. Any thoughts about that?    Mrs. Yellen. With respect to physical commodities, the Fed is engaged in a very careful review of the activities that we have permitted along these lines. And with respect to the concerns they raise about safety and soundness, we are likely to propose new rules during this year.    With respect to market manipulation, where there have been allegations of banks in the commodity areas manipulating markets, market manipulation is something that the CFTC and the SEC are charged with overseeing.    Mrs. Yellen. The Federal Reserve is independent. I do not discuss monetary policy or actions that we are going to take with the Secretary or with the Executive Branch. We confer about the economy and the financial system on a regular basis. We participate jointly in many international meetings, including those of the G7 and G20, and we confer on matters that are coming before those groups.    Mrs. Yellen. Yes.    Mrs. Yellen. We have come and made suggestions about changes to Dodd-Frank in situations where we felt it really hampered our ability to appropriately supervise an entity. A case in point would be the application of the Collins Amendment to our ability to design appropriate capital rules for insurance companies.    Mrs. Yellen. I do also want to say that it is obviously critically important that the Federal Reserve be accountable to Congress. We are accountable to Congress, and I personally and the Federal Reserve as an institution seek to provide all of the input that Congress needs for appropriate oversight. My colleagues and I have testified 16 times during the last--over the past year. And staff have provided countless briefings, but it is clearly important for us to--    Mrs. Yellen. --it is clearly important for us to provide the--    Mrs. Yellen. The orderly liquidation in Title II is a procedure set up in Dodd-Frank for liquidating a firm. We were discussing something different, which is Title I, which is the provisions that firms need to make in their living wills to be resolvable--    Mrs. Yellen. --bankruptcy--    Mrs. Yellen. With respect to cross-border issues and derivatives contracts, one of the things that could make it difficult either in orderly liquidation or bankruptcy to resolve a firm or a contract provision that goes into effect, immediately requiring a firm to make payments to holders of derivative contracts, to be able to resolve a firm. It is important that there be at least a short time, a day or so, during which a stay is put in effect on those provisions. And we have asked the firms--it is one of the provisions of the living wills--the large firms, to change those contracts to provide for such a stay. And they have had discussions and we have with--the International Swaps and Derivatives Association is a private sector entity that has a master contract that governs this.    Mrs. Yellen. We are making progress.    Mrs. Yellen. There are many factors that are responsible, I think, for rising inequality. And many of the factors are structural; they have to do with the nature of technological change in globalization.    Mrs. Yellen. What we can do is try to assure a generally strong labor market where it is possible for those who want to work to find jobs in a reasonable amount of time. We can't determine the wages associated with those jobs or what sectors those jobs will appear in, but the policies that we follow and the general state of the economy have an important influence on the overall strength of the job market. And we are trying to achieve a job market where individuals who seek to work and want to work are able to find work.    Mrs. Yellen. Yes. We are working very expeditiously on that and hope to be able to identify some of those bonds that would qualify for different LCR treatment. We are in discussions with the other banking agencies on that.    Mrs. Yellen. This is an extremely important problem, and we are trying to work with other agencies and talk with interested members of this committee to see if we can't devise some way to assure that remittances get, for example, to Somalia or to other places. This is a very difficult problem because the laws that Congress has passed on--the Bank Secrecy Act--have significant sanctions for violations, and banking organizations are very reluctant to engage in relationships where they think they are putting themselves at risk.    The Federal Reserve, in our supervision, we want to make sure they have appropriate procedures in place. We can't force them to take risks in this regard that they are unwilling to take. And so, this is a difficult problem.    Mrs. Yellen. Yes.    Mrs. Yellen. We indicated that it would be very helpful to see a change in the Collins Amendment that would help us with--    Mrs. Yellen. We are certainly finding it possible to use flexibility that we have to implement regulations in a way we think is appropriate.    Mrs. Yellen. I was not.    Mrs. Yellen. Yes.    Mrs. Yellen. Correct.    Mrs. Yellen. I think where independence is very important is in the day-to-day conduct of monetary policy. We operate supervision and regulation jointly with other regulators under the oversight of Congress.    Mrs. Yellen. Oh, I think congressional oversight is appropriate in all those areas.    Mrs. Yellen. It certainly is.    Mrs. Yellen. We testify regularly on our conduct of supervision and regulation. We put all regulations out for public comment and--    Mrs. Yellen. I think monetary policy is different.    Mrs. Yellen. I don't think it runs counter toward independence.    Mrs. Yellen. I think we are largely done. However, we have recently proposed a rule for so-called SIFI surcharges which would be additional capital requirements for the most systemic banks that we think should operate in the safer and sounder fashion given the likely spillover of distress at those institutions.    Mrs. Yellen. Largely through, but there is a net stable funding ratio that we will propose probably later this year as a rule which could be thought of as a liquidity requirement as well and to--    Mrs. Yellen. --supplement the liquidity coverage ratio.    Mrs. Yellen. At the outset of this regulatory process, there was a detailed cost-benefit analysis that was done by global regulators working through the Basel Committee, and the finding was that the benefits exceed the cost.    Mrs. Yellen. Because the cost--    Mrs. Yellen. --is so much greater but--    Mrs. Yellen. --we were part of that project, undertaking that analysis.    Mrs. Yellen. Well--    Mrs. Yellen. Thank you. I think monetary policy has made a significant contribution. We found that the headwinds resulting from that financial crisis were really impeding the recovery of the economy, and we found that we needed to take extraordinary steps to get the economy moving. That is why, for example, we didn't follow the dictates of the Taylor Rule or a rule like that. We put in place a great--well, in fact, a Taylor Rule would have called for negative levels of short-term rates which we couldn't put in place.    So we have used tools like forward guidance and our asset purchase programs to try to restore economic growth and job creation in this economy. And of course, it is many years after the financial crisis and households and businesses have gone through their own difficult adjustments, and to a great extent, restored their health and are now better positioned, but I think monetary policy played a critical role.    Mrs. Yellen. We look very carefully at small business lending to try to determine what is causing it to grow so slowly. We hear both from the business side and from the banking side that, in fact, the demand for small business loans is not very high, and I think that the banking industry, at this point, is looking to give additional small business loans but is not faced with much demand. But I think the uncertainties caused by the crisis, also the fact that home values fell so much, often the value in a person's home is an important source of funding for a new small business, so small business formation has been very weak, and I think individuals, in thinking about starting small businesses, given the uncertainty in the economic environment, have been risk-averse in their behavior, but we are trying to take the steps we can to make sure that funding is available.    Mrs. Yellen. I think our main tool to help low- and moderate-income families build wealth, aside from making sure that banks satisfy their CRA obligations in making sure that they serve the needs of low- and moderate-income communities is that we need a strong job market and a strong economy where jobs are readily available for those who want to work. And we have provided a great deal of accommodation, even when the time comes to begin to raise our target for short-term interest rates, and we will continue to provide a great deal of support for the economy and make sure that we will continue to see a good job market that continues to improve over time. That is an important objective.    Mrs. Yellen. We are meeting with such a group on Friday.    Mrs. Yellen. What is it called? The Americans for Principles in Action.    Mrs. Yellen. I'm sorry. We meet with a wide range of groups. I think it is a complete mischaracterization of our meeting schedules, and my meetings are entirely public. My schedule is completely in the public domain. I think if you actually look--    Mrs. Yellen. Yes, but I--    Mrs. Yellen. I'm sorry, but I think if you--    Mrs. Yellen. These are private one-on-one meetings, and I don't think it is appropriate. If I had breakfast with you, I would not make a transcript of what we discussed over breakfast available.    Mrs. Yellen. We have a common interest and responsibility for the economy, and I think it is entirely appropriate that we confer on--    Mrs. Yellen. --what we see happening in the--    Mrs. Yellen. No.    Mrs. Yellen. I am assuming they have.    Mrs. Yellen. But it is not a question of safe. It is a question of liquid and how rapidly these assets can be converted into cash.    Mrs. Yellen. Congressman--    Mrs. Yellen. I said we would find the plan--    Mrs. Yellen. We would find them to be not credible if we do not see progress--    Mrs. Yellen. --that we have asked.    Mrs. Yellen. If we find them not credible, we then, along with the FDIC, would be in the position to impose additional capital and liquidity and other requirements--    Mrs. Yellen. --from these firms. They would then--    Mrs. Yellen. They would then have 2 years to--I believe it is 2 years to show us that they had made changes that we would then have to find--    Mrs. Yellen. We have put in place much higher capital standards and liquidity standards.    Mrs. Yellen. We issued a rule about how we would conduct the living will process.    Mrs. Yellen. We would certainly look at factors like that and take those into account in deciding on an institution's systemic importance. I completely agree that a $50 billion banking organization is very different in a systemic footprint than a $2 trillion organization, and Section 165 does allow the Board to differentiate among companies based on their capital structure, their riskiness, and their complexity, and we have done so in writing rules pertaining to the Section 165 standards.    So there is flexibility, not total, but a good deal of flexibility to tailor our supervision and requirements to the systemic footprint of the firms, and the requirements on the $50 billion firms are not the same as the requirements on the more systemic institutions.    Mrs. Yellen. I think trying to draw any line and having some firms just below and some firms just above creates an element of arbitrariness, and wherever that line is, one retains that problem. So it is important that the statutes enable us to differentiate and try to tailor rules to different firms of different complexities that are important. There are some things that we must apply to every firm over $50 billion, and the same would be true if that were to change.    Mrs. Yellen. That is right.    Mrs. Yellen. I am saying wherever you draw the line, there will be a kind of arbitrariness that is associated with it. If you drew it at $200 billion, I would still say that it shows most $200 billion firms are different than the very largest financial institutions, and we would still want the flexibility to be able to impose different requirements on those firms.    Mrs. Yellen. I am saying it--    Mrs. Yellen. Congress chose to draw a line and to apply enhanced standards to a certain class of firms, and what I am saying is we absolutely recognize that within that large class of firms, they do differ in terms of their complexity and systemic footprint, and we need to tailor regulations that are appropriate and not identical for the largest and the ones that come closest to wherever that dividing line is.    Mrs. Yellen. Inflation is running below our 2 percent target even now. Total inflation over the last 12 months was seven-tenths of a percent, and we think that inflation is going to move lower before it moves higher for exactly the reasons you cited. Import prices have been falling in part because of the dollar, and declining oil prices have had a very major influence.    And the committee has indicated that it expects that in its most recent statements. Now, we do think that the effects of these factors will be transitory, especially with an improving labor market that we expect inflation over the medium term, the next 2 or 3 years, to move up to our 2 percent target.    We have said we are monitoring these inflation developments very carefully, and it is one of the key factors that will be driving our decisions about appropriate monetary policy, but we do think that these factors are transitory, and if we gain confidence that is the case on the basis of incoming data and continue to see the labor market improve, we would consider still raising rates, but we are very focused on the developments you cite.    Mrs. Yellen. Correct.    Mrs. Yellen. Every 3 months, participants in the FOMC submit their own individual projections for the economy and in the December projections, which are included in your monetary policy report, participants indicated that they thought that inflation would be running in the 1.7 to 2 range at the end of 2016.    Mrs. Yellen. And move up.    Mrs. Yellen. Let me--I need to confer, look into that a little bit more carefully.    Mrs. Yellen. We have tried to use the ability we have to minimize some of, diminish some of the burden associated with these investments in these funds but--    Mrs. Yellen. --let me get back to you on what possibility we have.    Mrs. Yellen. Let me look into that, and I promise to get back to you on that.    Mrs. Yellen. I believe it is directly contained in Dodd-Frank.    Mrs. Yellen. The question that the FSOC has had to address in each case where it has designated a company a SIFI is would its failure or material distress, pose systemic consequences to the U.S. financial system, and that involves a case-by-case analysis of the specific activities that those firms engage in. And some of the largest firms that have been designated SIFIs engage in capital markets activities--    Mrs. Yellen. --that go well beyond traditional insurance.    Mrs. Yellen. We have--the FSOC has put out on its Web site detailed discussions of the specific findings for the companies that it has designated and--    Mrs. Yellen. There are criteria.    Mrs. Yellen. There is no--    Mrs. Yellen. The FSOC, I believe, is required to revisit every year the designation, and if there were a significant change in the business structure activities of a firm, the FSOC certainly could and would consider de-designating that firm.    Mrs. Yellen. It is not arbitrary. It involves detailed case-by-case analysis of individual firms.    Mrs. Yellen. No, I said cut off.    Mrs. Yellen. I'm sorry, that is a very different thing. I said any dollar cutoff, to say anything above a specific dollar cutoff--    Mrs. Yellen. --is a SIFI and should all be treated alike, that is arbitrary. And there are differences. There will be differences among the firms that are over a given size threshold.    Mrs. Yellen. No, it is not just size. In the case of SIFIs, the FSOC has put out it is the criteria that it looks at in doing detailed investigations of individual firms, and it has published the detailed reasons why it chose these firms for designation    Mrs. Yellen. No, because international designations have no impact--    Mrs. Yellen. Correct. There is a detailed procedure that the FSOC goes through in analyzing a firm. The firm has every opportunity to provide information about its activities and to understand the analysis that has led to a decision--    Mrs. Yellen. --to designate it.    Mrs. Yellen. The FSOC.    Mrs. Yellen. The FSOC.    Mrs. Yellen. To the best of my knowledge, there are no formal criteria, but the firms understand--    Mrs. Yellen. The firms certainly could be de-designated if they change their business structure, and the FSOC would certainly consider that.    Mrs. Yellen. The structure at the Federal Reserve System was carefully debated by Congress when it established the Federal Reserve.    Mrs. Yellen. I agree with you that there have been many changes in the economic landscape of our country since the Federal Reserve was established.    Mrs. Yellen. This would be something Congress would need to do and--    Mrs. Yellen. It is not something that we could do. I think--    Mrs. Yellen. San Francisco is well-represented, and--    Mrs. Yellen. Okay.    Mrs. Yellen. Certainly, faster growth in wages would be merited just on the basis of productivity growth, and I fully expect that as the labor market continues to strengthen, as I hope it will, that wage growth will move up and Americans will find that they are getting a raise that would be a symptom of a healthier job market, and it is certainly something that we would like to see occur. It is hard to define maximum employment. Beyond some point, we are likely to see inflationary--    Mrs. Yellen. --developments increase, and that--    Mrs. Yellen. --is part of our mandate, too.    Mrs. Yellen. I'm sorry, I haven't had a chance to consider such--    Mrs. Yellen. Okay.    Mrs. Yellen. At 1 o'clock.    Mrs. Yellen. I am always open to testifying and want to make sure that I provide the information that you need to conduct oversight of the Fed. My colleagues also have specific expertise and have testified before congressional committees, including--    Mrs. Yellen. --this one.    Mrs. Yellen. I'm not sure.    Mrs. Yellen. We will try to work with you to do something that is reasonable.    Mrs. Yellen. Yes. I think that is the--    Mrs. Yellen. I think, I believe that it is a problem that--    Mrs. Yellen. --everyone in this room--    Mrs. Yellen. --should be concerned about.    Mrs. Yellen. I have heard politicians on both sides of the aisle lament rising income inequality in the--    Mrs. Yellen. --plight of middle-class Americans.    Mrs. Yellen. I don't know.    Mrs. Yellen. I have heard both raise concern about this.    Mrs. Yellen. I don't believe that it has--    Mrs. Yellen. --concern for this--    Mrs. Yellen. I am not making political statements.    Mrs. Yellen. I am discussing a significant problem that faces America and--    Mrs. Yellen. I didn't offer any policy recommendations whatsoever in that speech.    Mrs. Yellen. I pointed to trends and--    Mrs. Yellen. --discussed work that we do at the Fed.    Mrs. Yellen. Excuse me?    Mrs. Yellen. Yes.    Mrs. Yellen. Yes    Mrs. Yellen. No. The Department of Justice.    Mrs. Yellen. Not to the best of my knowledge.    Mrs. Yellen. We supervise them and look at how they manage their risks, including--    Mrs. Yellen. We never tell them not to do business with a client as long as they are--    Mrs. Yellen. --controlling the risk of those relationships.    Mrs. Yellen. We don't want to go down that road either. Dodd-Frank gave us numerous tools to deal with too-big-to-fail, and we have used them. To start with our supervision program, our supervision program for the largest institutions has been completely revamped, and we do take into account the systemic risks that affect these banking organizations.    We now engage in extremely rigorous stress testing in which we make sure that these large institutions could survive an extremely severe set of shocks and have enough capital to go on serving the needs of the country in terms of providing credit. We have ramped up capital standards and liquidity standards for these firms and have a range of enhanced prudential standards. We have tools and orderly liquidation that we could use that we did not have during the financial crisis such that if a firm were to encounter distress, we have a way to wind that firm down. And this morning we discussed the living wills process and the fact that we are going to insist on changes that would make these firms also resolvable under bankruptcy.    For the largest of the systemically important firms, we have put out a proposal that they be forced to hold additional capital based on the size of their systemic footprint over and above what any other institutions hold because of the impact that their failure could potentially have on the economy, and we are beginning to see discussions on--that these capital charges are sufficiently large that is causing those firms to think seriously about whether or not they should spin off some of their enterprises to reduce their systemic footprint, and frankly, that is exactly what we want to see happen. That is the purpose of them.    Mrs. Yellen. I believe the financial system is much safer. There is twice as much high quality capital among the largest firms now than there was before the crisis, and I believe this list of steps I just gave are very significant. I am not going to say that the last step has been taken in the process of dealing with this. There is more on the drawing board. We are going to put out a requirement later this year that they hold enough long-term debt to facilitate the resolution.    Mrs. Yellen. We have seen announcements of wage increases, and in specific cases, I can't say what was behind it, but in the stronger job market where firms find it more difficult to hire the kind of workers that they want, you should expect to see more upward pressure on wages, and in that sense, hopefully it is a good sign that the economy and the labor market are improving.    Mrs. Yellen. Leverage requirements were intended to be a measure to constrain the overall size, or sort of a backup to risk-based capital charges that would be based on the overall size of a firm's activities, and the activities you describe do add to the size of the balance sheet, so the leverage ratio does apply. But we are involved in discussions with our counterparts in the Basel Committee about this feature.    Mrs. Yellen. I understand the problem, and there are complicated issues here that pertain to different accounting standards, but we are working to understand and address this issue.    Mrs. Yellen. It has been a tough period for savers, and I have certainly heard from and interacted with many groups of retirees especially who were looking to supplement their retirement income with interest from safe assets, and it hasn't been possible for them.    Mrs. Yellen. I agree with the fact that it has been hard for savers, but I don't think it is right to think about this as some arbitrary policy the Federal Reserve put into effect. There is an underlying economic reality that we have to address, and that underlying reality is that there are many people who were looking to save and they would like to save in a way that is safe, but the rates of return they can earn depend on the strength of demand for those funds to borrow and spend and--    Mrs. Yellen. --that just hasn't been there.    Mrs. Yellen. I don't think it is methadone. I think it is a reflection of an economy where the demand to borrow has been weak, and we are living in a market system, and the rates of return that savers get have to depend on the strength of demand for the funds they want to supply. Think about--    Mrs. Yellen. Yes.    Mrs. Yellen. I think you have pinpointed it. You just answered the question, which is that firms may engage in activities that--capital market activities, whether it is derivatives activities or involvement in securities lending or wholesale financing that would create a situation where their material distress would create systemic consequences for the U.S. economy, and AIG is a case in point, and that is precisely the analysis that the FSOC is doing of individual companies when it decides whether or not to designate them.    Mrs. Yellen. I think all of us treasure living in an economy where we feel that people who work hard and play by the rules can get ahead and can see themselves succeed and advance, and we have been accustomed to that in this country generation after generation. And when we, over the last 25 or 30 years, realize that income inequality is increasing and it has been an inexorable rise, that is really, I think, a concern to--about the quality of life and the ability to get ahead and to see improvements.    Mrs. Yellen. There are many different measures of income inequality, but we can look at--one common ratio would be to look at the ratio of income earned at the 90th percentile of the income distribution to that at the 10th, or there are measures called Gini coefficients, other measures of income inequality. Regardless of what measure you look at, I believe what you see is rising inequality since the late 1980s.    Mrs. Yellen. That is another kind of comparison that one can look at. And I don't know the numbers there--    Mrs. Yellen. --exactly, but they are pretty dramatic.    Mrs. Yellen. I'm sorry. How many meetings?    Mrs. Yellen. Have I attended?    Mrs. Yellen. With Members of Congress?    Mrs. Yellen. I am not--    Mrs. Yellen. I am not sure. I have been to--    Mrs. Yellen. --many, many meetings.    Mrs. Yellen. I have had many individual meetings with Members of Congress. I don't have an exact count, but--    Mrs. Yellen. --beyond testimony, I--    Mrs. Yellen. No, I have not declined a meeting with a Member of Congress.    Mrs. Yellen. Federal Reserve Bank Presidents are appointed by their boards of directors. The banking members, the so-called Class A directors, cannot participate in that process. So it is the directors who represent the public interest and not banks that run that process, and they make recommendations after thorough national searches, and the Board of Governors must approve those appointments.    Mrs. Yellen. The recovery from the financial crisis has been very slow and painstaking, and only now are we getting close to what I would call full employment or operating at potential. And there are a number of reasons for that, including serious headwinds from the crisis.    Over the longer run, the pace of growth of an economy is determined by essentially three factors: the growth rate of the labor force; the growth rate of the capital stock; and the pace of productivity growth. So I think we don't yet know what the new normal is in terms of what will be the levels of GDP growth over long periods of time.    We do see, because of demographics, the population, the labor force is likely to grow more slowly going forward. And already we are seeing labor force participation rates drop for that reason. Productivity growth has also been very slow. And that would be a very depressing aspect if that turns out to be the new normal.    Mrs. Yellen. We don't yet know if that is the new normal.    Mrs. Yellen. We are not predicting a higher normal rate of unemployment. The current range of estimates among FOMC participants about the longer run normal rate of unemployment is in the 5.2 to 5.5 range, and that is pretty similar, not much higher, than it was prior to the crisis, so--    Mrs. Yellen. I think that mainly will be because of demographics. Labor force participation is probably depressed somewhat because of weakness in the economy, but in the long run, that is a trend reflecting demographics and aging population.    Mrs. Yellen. The long-run trends in entitlement spending are that they will grow substantially really as a share of GDP.    Mrs. Yellen. Correct. It is partly because of an aging population.    Mrs. Yellen. That is right.    Mrs. Yellen. My predecessor and I have consistently urged Congress to try to look at the long-run fiscal situation in a timely fashion to be able to deal with it. This is something we have known about for--there are no surprises here. We have known about this for the last 20 years at least, and the problem remains with us and I would urge Congress to address it.    Mrs. Yellen. I appreciate that. And I think that is something that is absolutely appropriate for all the Federal Reserve Banks to be doing. And those of us at the Board also meet routinely with a very wide range of groups representing all segments of American society: banks; business interests; consumer groups; representatives of low- and moderate-income groups; and unions. We have met with unemployed workers, and we really need to hear from all those who have a stake in the American economy and understand their perceptions and concerns.    Mrs. Yellen. Yes. I believe I met with that group of students when they came to Washington.    Mrs. Yellen. We are working with the FDIC and the banking agencies to have a look at this.    Mrs. Yellen. I completely agree about the importance of community banks and the critical role that they play in providing credit to businesses and households in their communities. And, of course, they do suffer from significant regulatory burdens. In the EGRPRA reviews that we are doing, we are looking at the set of regulations that we have in place. We will be taking public comments and trying to identify ways in which we can reduce burden on those and other depository institutions. We have taken--    Mrs. Yellen. We have just begun that process and we are having public meetings and we will be taking comments and we will look to identify such initiatives.    In terms of things we can do on our own, we are trying to improve the efficiency of our exams. We are conducting much more work offsite so that examinations are less burdensome to firms. We are simplifying and trying to tailor our pre-exam requests for documentation from these institutions. We are trying to help community bankers figure out what regulations they do have to pay attention to because they apply to community banks and which regulations just have nothing to do with them and they can ignore them. Several years ago, we formed a group called CDIAC, which is representatives of community banks from around the country from each of the 12 Reserve districts.    Mrs. Yellen. It has been useful.    Mrs. Yellen. We have had very--    Mrs. Yellen. --detailed discussions to try to understand what their concerns are, and we have followed up on them when issues have arisen about the way in which our examiners conduct exams or practices that they may have that they see as impeding lending. We try to follow up, both internally and also with other banking agencies, to make sure that we are not imposing undue burden and are addressing the specific questions they have.    At the Board, we have formed a new committee that focuses explicitly and exclusively on supervision of community banks to try to look for ways to speed up application processes and to reduce burden.    So I know many of these banks are suffering with low interest rates. They also have compressed net interest margins. And that has hurt their profitability. That is a--    Mrs. Yellen. --a part of the environment.    Mrs. Yellen. I hear you, and I promise to do so.    Mrs. Yellen. Congressman, I agree with you, it is a very serious problem. And it is causing a great deal of hardship. And we are meeting with interested Congressmen, including yourself, and with other banking agencies, the Comptroller of the Currency, and the Treasury, to see what we can do to try to address this problem. It is a difficult problem to deal with, because BSA/AML rules impose heavy sanctions. And banks have been penalized for violating those rules, so many of them are really very reluctant to want to take risks in their dealings when it may bring them in violation of those rules. As banking supervisors, we can't insist or force them to do that. So I think this is--we need to have broad-based discussions, and conceivably it is something that Congress needs to look at also the way in which BSA/AML is--    Mrs. Yellen. I think we can certainly sit down and go over all of this with you and other interested Members and try to see where there is some scope to do something constructive to address this problem.    Mrs. Yellen. Well--    Mrs. Yellen. It--    Mrs. Yellen. It is something that is only open to depository institutions, that individuals don't deal with those systems.    Mrs. Yellen. I can't give you definitive answers to these, but we certainly can sit down and talk about each of your suggestions in detail and try to work through them with you, and I believe the State Department will be involved in these discussions as well.    Mrs. Yellen. Yes. There--    Mrs. Yellen. There has been some search for yield.    Mrs. Yellen. I would certainly discuss with him--    Mrs. Yellen. I have heard that term, but--    Mrs. Yellen. You can define that.    Mrs. Yellen. For the last 6 months, it has been 280,000 a month; for the last 12 months, 267,000.    Mrs. Yellen. Yes.    Mrs. Yellen. We do.    Mrs. Yellen. Yes. Chart 4 is an index that our staff produced of labor market conditions. It takes many different aspects of the job market into account. And the size of the bar shows essentially the extent of improvement, and you see, it varies from month to month but a pattern of improvement.    Mrs. Yellen. Yes. For the last 3 months, we have actually had 336,000 jobs a month.    Mrs. Yellen. I indicated in my testimony this huge decline in oil prices is going to result in job loss, I think, in the energy industry. And if you wanted to turn to page 9 of our testimony of the Monetary Policy Report, you would see a graph of what has happened to domestic oil drilling rigs in operation, and you see that just plummeting over the last 3 to 6 months. So there is going to be reduced drilling, reduced capital expenditures in the energy sector, and it will have a negative impact on several States where that is important.    Mrs. Yellen. Yes. We will.    Mrs. Yellen. I--    Mrs. Yellen. I--    Mrs. Yellen. I strongly disagree that I have taken the positions that you have described. I have described trends in income inequality in the United States. I have never said that the Federal Reserve is the right agency to deal with those. When asked what contribution--    Mrs. Yellen. Because I--    Mrs. Yellen. I have also--    Mrs. Yellen. I'm sorry. I have also talked about long-run budget problems and deficit problems--    Mrs. Yellen. --in this country, and they are your responsibility--    Mrs. Yellen. --not mine.    Mrs. Yellen. I--    Mrs. Yellen. Every Federal Reserve Chair--    Mrs. Yellen. --all of my predecessors have talked about large important economic trends and problems affecting the country--    Mrs. Yellen. --whether it has to do with trade or productivity--    Mrs. Yellen. --or developments in energy markets.    Mrs. Yellen. And I feel--    Mrs. Yellen. --I am entitled to do the same.    Mrs. Yellen. I think in the early years after the financial crisis, fiscal policy provided considerable support to the recovery.    Mrs. Yellen. Right, the stimulus.    Mrs. Yellen. And then the successful efforts to bring down the deficit by combinations of changes in taxes and spending have led to several years in which there has been a considerable drag on spending and on growth coming from fiscal policy.    At this point this year, I think fiscal policy is relatively neutral. In a sense, it has become a plus for growth, because when something is a negative and then switches to being neutral in growth accounting terms, that is a contributor to growth. So, at this point, I think fiscal policy is roughly neutral. For a number of years, it was a drag on economic growth, and--    Mrs. Yellen. --the Federal Reserve--    Mrs. Yellen. Sure.    Mrs. Yellen. I think it has been a drag in that sense. The Federal Reserve in conducting monetary policy has tried in a sense to take fiscal policy as a given and do what we can to stimulate job growth. And, I think we have had some success in that.    Mrs. Yellen. I don't want to say that there is a cost to full faith and risk. We look at CBO projections, and you can see that, over the next 15 to 30 years, debt-to-GDP ratios will rise in an unsustainable fashion without some changes in the pattern of spending or taxation that will, over time, in a full employment economy put upward pressure on interest rates and tend to crowd out private investment that contributes to productivity growth. And I think that is something that is a serious concern.    Mrs. Yellen. I believe the new guidelines that were recently approved will give earlier notification to firms when they come under consideration so that they have an earlier opportunity to interact with staff and with the FSOC. I believe the new guidelines also will more clearly indicate what the metrics are, how they are computed, result in--    Mrs. Yellen. Yes.    Mrs. Yellen. It is, I believe, reviewed every year after a firm is designated. So we are reconsidering, I believe, every year.    Mrs. Yellen. So, we have tried to, through FSOC, create due process--I think there is due process--for firms to have input, to understand they are being considered, and to interact and provide the information. We are trying now to provide that in an earlier way so that they can have input earlier in the process. But we do reconsider every year firms can interact with--    Mrs. Yellen. Yes.    Mrs. Yellen. Yes. I am talking about--    Mrs. Yellen. So if you are--recently the FSOC has put out a notice and asked for comments. It has shifted its focus to certain activities of asset management in general, not specific firms that could potentially pose risks. For example, there are a growing share of assets under management that provide liquidity to the investors and yet hold primarily illiquid assets. And the notice asks questions about whether or not there can be financial stability risks associated with that type of structure. So--    Mrs. Yellen. --the focus is not on individual firms.    Mrs. Yellen. I wouldn't--    Mrs. Yellen. There is a definition and a set of criteria about what constitutes a systemically important organization, and the FSOC is--    Mrs. Yellen. --supplying that. Of course, it is not clear, and that is why--    Mrs. Yellen. --when any--I don't think it can be just clarified in a very general mechanical way. It involves analyzing the activities of specific firms and asking the question, if those firms were to encounter distress, what would be the repercussions? And a great deal of analysis goes into understanding those issues before designating a firm.    So, at the moment, on asset managers, the focus is on a different place, it is an activity-based analysis and not a firm-based analysis.    Mrs. Yellen. I would be glad to do that. It is also the case that Governor Tarullo and others have testified even pretty recently about where things stand, but we would be glad to provide it for you.    Mrs. Yellen. I will be glad to provide that.    Mrs. Yellen. I don't know if there is a better approach. It is natural, when designating that a certain set of enhanced prudential standards need to be put in place, to try to define what institutions they will apply to. And the simplest cutoff, there are many ways of defining a cutoff, but the simplest way is to choose some asset threshold and say, above this level, it applies. And, in a sense, any cutoff is arbitrary. It could have been different.    I think recognizing that within Section 165, the Board is given a good deal of flexibility to tailor the actual provisions to accord with--obviously a $50 billion institution is not as systemically important, or unlikely to be, as a $2 trillion institution. And Dodd-Frank recognized that by giving the Board flexibility to tailor the rules to the specifics of the institution, its footprint, and within--there are some places where we don't have such discretion, but where we do, we have tried to use that.    Mrs. Yellen. Volcker does apply to all institutions--    Mrs. Yellen. --as a--    Mrs. Yellen. --rule. When you say how will we--the rule has been finalized.    Mrs. Yellen. The regulators, the banking institutions are working together jointly to figure out how to supervise in a consistent way across firms to make sure they are in adherence. And there is a regular set of meetings among the supervisory agencies to respond to questions that arise in connection with--    Mrs. Yellen. It looked like there would be significant cost to a number of institutions and not just large institutions but also many smaller institutions.    Mrs. Yellen. Have to sell at a loss, that they had legacy holdings of these assets, which would be difficult to sell. Now, clearly, the rule went into effect that regulates all new acquisitions, all new investments. So this was a question of legacy investments.    Mrs. Yellen. Nothing going forward is affected by that decision.    Mrs. Yellen. No. There is no delay in it. The rule affects everything going forward.    Mrs. Yellen. I'm sorry. Are you referring to our own regulations?    Mrs. Yellen. I think our own regulations are--they are certainly mandated by Dodd-Frank, and they are necessary to create a sounder and safer financial system. I think--    Mrs. Yellen. I think some of the distress in the country results from the fact that we had a financial crisis, and it was very severe. And part of the reason we had that financial crisis is that we were--our supervision and regulation of the financial system wasn't sufficiently rigorous and didn't sufficiently take account--    Mrs. Yellen. --of systemic risk that was building, and that is what we are addressing now.    Mrs. Yellen. Yes.    Mrs. Yellen. Cost-benefit analysis?    Mrs. Yellen. Has there been a cost-benefit analysis? I'm sorry. I am going to have to get back to you on that. I need to look at that more carefully.    Mrs. Yellen. A careful impact study was done at the outset as capital and liquidity standards were being thought through, and the economic analysis showed that, given how very costly a financial crisis is, that the role of heightening standards in diminishing the odds of a financial crisis, that because of that, because of the serious costs associated with such crises, that the benefits exceeded the costs, at least within the range of capital and liquidity standards that we were contemplating.