    Mr. Krishnamoorti. Chairman Whitfield, Ranking Member Rush----    Mr. Krishnamoorti. My name is Ramanan Krishnamoorti, as the chair recognized. I am the Acting Vice President and Vice Chancellor for Research and Technology Transfer and the Chief Energy Officer at the University of Houston. The University of Houston is a leading Tier 1 public research university that offers undergraduate and graduate programs on campus and online to more than 41,000 students. The University of Houston is a designated minority-serving institution, a Hispanic-serving institution and was rated the second-most racially and ethnically diverse university in the Nation by U.S. News & World Report in 2010.    UH takes full advantage of our location in Houston, the energy capital of the world, to offer undergraduate, graduate, and certificate programs in all facets of the energy industry. As the committee considers ways the Federal Government can foster education and training for energy and manufacturing jobs, I am pleased to speak with you today to share some of the innovative ways the University of Houston is working to train our workforce for high-skilled jobs in the energy industry.    The oil and gas industry in particular is experiencing a massive misalignment of workforce needs and student education. It is a significant challenge to recruit and retain a qualified, stable workforce. The technology and skill requirements are rapidly changing in the industry. It is estimated that the skills of oil and gas workers become obsolete after 3 to 5 years, and the much talked-about crew change of the baby boomers is happening now and it is significantly impacting the industry's workforce.    So what does this look like? Between now and 2017, there is a projected shortage of 75,000 mid-skill workers and 10,000 highly skilled workers, and these numbers are expected to double over the next 5 years. That is a shortage of 20,000 highly skilled workers. We need to rapidly upscale the mid-skill workers to meet this deficit.    The University of Houston has, over the last 7 years, embarked on a transformation to become the energy university in research, technology transfer, and most importantly, student education. We have already developed successful programs at the undergraduate level, like petroleum engineering, and at the graduate level, such as the Nation's first and only subsea engineering program.    Our success is due in large part by how we have engaged the industry, K through 12 education such as the Energy Institute High School in the Greater Houston area, and community college education including the nine community college systems in the Greater Houston area. Through advisory boards and adjunct faculty, we have developed strategies to address actual workforce realities, to find quick wins for continued business engagement, and to recruit and retain women and minority students. One of these strategies is a focus on upscaling through certificates and stackable credentials.    So how does stackable credentials meet workforce needs? Two ways: speed. It accelerates skill enhancement of workers and their re-deployment in areas of critical need. Second, volume. The stackable format provides rapid portability and scalability of the program. Basically, it is more high-skilled workers in less time.    The stackable credential model has seen success in other areas of higher education, like healthcare. By stacking a series of certificates, a professional gains higher level credential or degree to advance their career. Our innovation is to apply this model to the energy industry's needs.    UH has developed stackable credentials that can quickly scale up energy workers to earn undergraduate degrees in organization, leadership, and supervision. This program is competency based and requires, one, the completion of two out of three certificate programs in advanced petroleum technology, advanced process technology, and advanced safety technology; and second, the completion of two certificate programs in project management and organizational leadership and supervision.    To launch this program, we thought creatively and strategically about what population to target. One of the most significant needs in the Greater Houston area is the scaling up of mid-skill workers in the process technology industry where over the next 3 years over $120 billion of investment will take place to grow the infrastructure and adapt to the cheap availability of unconventional oil and gas. The first cohort in the advanced process technology certificate in Fall 2015 will demonstrate the scalability and portability of our upskilling program and will let the Energy University build on the significant achievement of the entire education pipeline including K-12 education and community college education.    The Committee's focus on workforce development in the energy sector is well placed. We are very proud of the initiatives the University of Houston has undertaken in our region and are encouraged by the Committee's efforts to consider ways to scale workforce development programs in the energy sector on a national basis. I thank you for the opportunity to provide testimony today and look forward to answering your questions.    Mr. Krishnamoorti. Thank you. We agree with that observation. There is no silver bullet. It has to be a combination strategy. We need to look at apprenticeship programs. We need to look at stackable credentials. We need to look at mentorship programs. And clearly, these programs have to be scalable, but in the end are individually focused.    Mr. Krishnamoorti. I would like to add there are modes of operations where there are collaborations between agencies, interagency collaboration. Interior and Energy collaborate, for instance----    Mr. Krishnamoorti . In the off-shore space. And that makes a big difference in being able to double-up training programs for off-shore workers. Similar things can be done with Labor. They have the data. Energy needs the data in order to actually bridge that skill gap.    Mr. Krishnamoorti. Thank you so much, Congressman Green. The Energy Institute High School is a new high school close to the university, within a mile from the university. Seventy percent of the students there are Hispanic, 15 percent of them are African American, and we have got an active collaboration with them. We work with them developing curriculum. We share with them labs at the University of Houston with them. But also we are able to send our students, our undergraduate students and graduate students as peer instructors in that school. And that makes the biggest difference for them, having role models who can come into the schools, show them by example. As Mr. Wilson mentioned, examples of people who have succeeded, who have learned and developed.    We have also taken the same strategy, worked with the whole range of community colleges, nine community college systems in the Greater Houston area, 60-plus community colleges across the State of Texas, all of them focused on taking these stackable credentials, finding ways of actually scaling them and deploying them.    Mr. Krishnamoorti. I think the bill is right on the mark in terms of helping the universities work with community colleges and K through 12 education. I think getting that pipeline set up is the critical piece, and this bill addresses that in a big way. Thank you.