    Mr. Salmon. Good afternoon. The subcommittee will come to order.    I would like to thank our distinguished witnesses, Assistant Secretary of State Daniel Russel and Assistant Administrator for USAID Jonathan Stivers, for being here this afternoon.    We called this hearing to assess U.S. foreign assistance to East Asia and the Pacific for Fiscal Year 2016. This is a critical topic because it is clear that the future of the United States is inextricably linked with East Asia.    The region encompasses many of the greatest opportunities for our country. What remains to be seen is what shape its future will take because some of our greatest strategic challenges also come from East Asia. For example, the United States should assist in the peaceful resolution of maritime disputes and military buildup in the South China Sea or we risk tensions erupting into kinetic conflict.    The United States must engage in new trading relationship with burgeoning regional powers in Asia through the Trans-Pacific Partnership or we risk markets could remain restricted to our businesses. The United States must retain its leading role in ensuring the peaceful sharing of land, sea, air, and cyberspace or we risk paving the way for less savory alternatives, such as the dominance of authoritarian Chinese rules and norms.    As a Pacific power, the United States must seek positive outcomes for these challenges and others. We also need to balance these challenges abroad with our financial constraints at home, which will require allocating U.S. funds efficiently and effectively.    The administration initially proposed a rebalanced Asia as a centerpiece of its foreign policy. However, the follow-through we have seen on the rebalance or the pivot has not reached its full potential. Last week I spoke at an event with Senator McCain, and he observed that we had not yet truly pivoted. I agree.    The attention given to East Asia and the Pacific by the administration does not seem to be indicative of a concerted effort. In Fiscal Year 2015, the East Asia Bureau's budget is the second smallest of any of the State's regional bureaus.    If we are ever to truly rebalance, the effective allocation of foreign aid for the region, rather than the sheer amount we spend, must be the critical factor for our foreign aid spending in the Asia Pacific. I am eager to hear from our distinguished witnesses today about their respective efforts on this issue.    In China, we are supporting sustainable development, environmental conservation, and cultural preservation initiatives in Tibetan areas as well as HIV/AIDS programs, international narcotics control and law enforcement, and democracy programs. Over the last few years, we have seen reduced funding for democracy, human rights, and rule of law programs, which I am concerned about because of increased levels of repression from the Xi administration, which puts at risk our efforts in these areas. The controls and limits on the freedom of expression have indicated that the Chinese Government intends to rule by law rather than uphold the rule of law.    Moving to Southeast Asia, I have concerns about countries in the Lower Mekong region, which includes Burma. Cambodia, Laos, Thailand, and Vietnam. I see that this year's budget request for the Lower Mekong Initiative is nearly 20 percent lower than last year's. This broad initiative supports aid programs and education, the environment, health, food security, and infrastructure.    And I would be very interested to hear the reasoning behind its deemphasis in this year's budget. I am particularly interested to hear the witnesses' views on whether this reduction will constrain the U.S. presence in the Lower Mekong, especially now, in light of China's aggressive infrastructure investments in the region and the U.S.'s exploration of closer relations with nations such as Vietnam.    This year's budget requests reflect an increase and involvement with Vietnam, which is a forward-looking decision. Though our current efforts for Vietnam are still focused on disease control and development, we are also working toward the U.S.-Vietnam relationship of the future by helping to improve governance, strengthen civil society, improve human rights conditions, and to promote Vietnam's involvement in the TPP. Our aim should be continuing to support Vietnam's transformation to become a more responsible and inclusive partner. I look forward to discussing these priorities with Vietnam when I travel to the region in just a couple of weeks.    I am pleased to see that this year's budget request places significant emphasis on enhancing the defense capabilities of Indonesia, Vietnam, and the Philippines through foreign military financing as well as training in anti-terror programs. We have had longstanding and productive counterterror cooperation with Indonesia, and helping the world's largest Muslim-majority nation to deal with radicalism should continue to be a top priority. Vietnam and the Philippines, as claimants in the South China Sea, face heightened risk of state-to-state conflict due to China's aggressive island-building in disputed waters. So the security emphasis we see for these two nations in this year's request is welcome, also.    President Reagan once said, ``We can't help everyone, but we can help someone.'' Our mission here today is to hold a dialogue about which ``someones'' to help. And it is a truly exciting and daunting time to have these kinds of conversations because the East Asia Pacific presents colossal opportunities and vexing challenges. I give my sincere thanks to my colleagues today and our witnesses for joining me in this conversation today.    And I turn the time over to Mr. Lowenthal for any opening statements he might have.    Mr. Salmon. Thank you, Mr. Lowenthal. The Chair yields to Mr. Rohrabacher.    Mr. Salmon. Thank you.    Would you care to make some comments, Mr. Sherman? Any opening comments?    Mr. Salmon. Thank you.    We thank the State Department and USAID for our knowledgeable witnesses this afternoon.    Assistant Secretary Russel joins us from the State Department's Bureau of East Asian and Pacific Affairs, and we are grateful to Assistant Administrator Stivers of USAID's Bureau for Asia for returning as this his second time testifying before the subcommittee.    And, without objection, the witnesses' full prepared statement will be part of the record. And members will have 5 calendar days to submit statements, questions, and extraneous materials for the record.    And, with that, Mr. Russel, I will turn to you first.    Mr. Salmon. Thank you.    Mr. Stivers.    Mr. Salmon. Thank you.    Now time for member questions. I will start it off.    I am extremely worried that the existing model of U.S. funding for programs in China is going to be impossible to sustain because the recipients of the funds for China predominately have been U.S.-based NGOs and universities.    However, China's National People's Congress is moving ahead with legislation right now called the Overseas NGO Administration Law. Though subject to typically opaque procedures, it seems that this law will block virtually all foreign funding in Chinese civil society and hamstring NGOs operating on the Chinese mainland.    How could this law affect State's activities in greater China, including democracy, human rights, rule of law? And how will State approach China about current deliberation on this legislation?    Mr. Russel.    Mr. Salmon. Are we communicating that pretty robustly with our counterparts in China?    Mr. Salmon. If they do pass this law and it becomes imminently more difficult to go through NGOs and universities, do we have a Plan B?    Mr. Salmon. Thank you.    I am going to run out of time. But I do have one other question, and it relates to the situation in Hong Kong.    The situation in Hong Kong's Umbrella Movement in the pro-democracy protests of 2014 have evoked worldwide sympathy, but failed to gain true universal suffrage for the Chief Executive elections.    I was there for the hand-over ceremony. I remember all the promises that were made about one country, two systems, and it is not materializing as it was promised it would.    What are we doing with the administration?With State? What are we doing to try to make some headway on that issue? I am very, very fearful that it is going to get more dicey before it gets better.    Mr. Salmon. Not to have to pick from some list that Beijing has given them, a list of three people that they have determined that they can choose from.    We are going on a codel in 2 weeks to Hong Kong. Eliot Engel, the ranking member of the full committee, is accompanying me. Mr. Lowenthal, I believe, is as well.    And we intend to meet with some of the student protestors and some of the folks that are very, very concerned about the eroding of democracy in Hong Kong, and we intend to make a big issue of it.    And we hope that we can work very closely together with State throughout the next weeks and months and years to make sure that we get accomplished what the Hong Kong people deserve and the world deserves. Thank you.    Mr. Sherman.    Mr. Salmon. The gentlemen's time has expired.    Mr. Lowenthal.    Mr. Salmon. Without objection.    Mr. Salmon. Mr. Russel, I am going to give you another chance. His time has expired, but I am going to give you another chance on the TPP when it gets to a second round of questions because I know you have got a lot of burning things inside you want to get out of there. So we will give you another chance.    I will turn the time over to Mr. Rohrabacher.    Mr. Salmon. Mr. Russel, did you want to make a comment?    Mr. Salmon. I will pass it on to him.    Mr. Salmon. That would be great.    I do have a couple of other questions I would like to--and maybe you can weave it in. But I just wanted to--Mr. Sherman asked you about the involvement of Taiwan in INTERPOL and asked you if you were supportive, and you did say that you are supportive of Taiwan doing that.    Could we get a commitment of support from State for--for the legislation that would do that?    Mr. Salmon. That will be fine. In fact, I don't expect you to have read it by now.    But barring the fact that it does what it says we are doing and it is in concert with what you said your position is as far as Taiwan participating, we are hoping that you will support it and hoping that you will get back to us because we are hoping that we can get it marked up and passed through this Congress and on the President's desk and get it signed and start moving.    The second thing I wanted to ask--and then at the very--my last question is going to be to just give you an opportunity to expound a little bit more on TPP. Mr. Sherman raised a lot of concerns about TPP and its economic benefit to the United States, to individuals, jobs here in the United States.    And he also mentioned that his fear was that, in Vietnam, they could actually make the product in China, send it to Vietnam, slap a Vietnamese label on, so the country of origin doesn't really matter. I would love you to address that, too, if you can.    But before that--and I am just going to give you the microphone and let you say whatever you want about TPP. You do your best.    But my other question is about the Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank. And many of our allies have joined that. Australia just recently said that they are going to join. In fact, really, the only significant holdout is Japan, who is, I think, trying to be a good friend and partner of the United States.    What is our strategy on that going forward? It doesn't seem like continuing to oppose that is going to be of much value.    Do we have a Plan B as far as how to work with them and make sure that the World Bank and the IMF work in concert with what they are trying to do for the region, that we are looking out for the United States' interests? So that is my question. And then you have at it with TPP.    Mr. Salmon. I am so glad you brought that. I support that 100 percent.    Mr. Salmon. I am going to ask one last question and then let you guys wrap up. And I really appreciate you taking the time today. But I spoke last night before a group of stakeholders in the region, and these are the questions I was asked. And so I want to throw them out to you, too, and they are along the lines of TPP.    Do we expect or anticipate a second round of TPP? And along with that, do we expect that China will later want to participate with TPP? And what is the likelihood that Taiwan would be included in a second round of TPP?    Mr. Salmon. I am going to get the transcripts of what you just said and carry that in my pocket with me because I think that was a really great answer. I really appreciate you taking the time.    Mr. Stivers, did you have any final comments that you wanted to make?    I really appreciate you both taking the time to come and testify before us today.    And, without objection, this hearing is now adjourned.