    Mr. Sopko. Thank you very much, Chairman DeSantis, Ranking Member Lynch, and members of the subcommittee. I am pleased to testify today about SIGAR's recent work on the Afghan National Security Forces personnel and payroll systems, and the Afghan government's capacity to manage and account for U.S. on-budget assistance.    Over the past 14 years, the United States has spent approximately $1 trillion and has lost thousands of lives to build a secure and stable Afghanistan that will never again be a safe haven for terrorists. Of that amount, almost $110 billion has been invested to create a capable and competent Afghan government that can provide security and basic services to its people. More importantly, the United States has committed to spend billions more over the years to come to sustain the Afghan government we helped create.    Properly overseeing these funds is essential to ensuring that this vast investment in Afghanistan does not go to waste. Every dollar we spend now on training, advising, and assisting the Afghans, as well as, and I would say more importantly, on oversight should be viewed as insurance to protect our 14-year investment. We at SIGAR are concerned that managing and overseeing this massive ongoing effort is being left to a decreasing number of U.S. military and civilian personnel in Afghanistan.    With limited resources to conduct the reconstruction mission, transparency and oversight are more important than ever, especially now that we appear to have a willing partner in the new National Unity Government of President Ashraf Ghani and Chief Executive Officer Abdullah Abdullah.    Because of our draw-down, U.S. decisionmakers and implementing agencies have become more reliant on obtaining accurate and reliable data on the reconstruction effort produced by the Afghan government. This includes basic information on the numbering capacity of Afghan soldiers and police.    Unfortunately, as my written testimony highlights, neither the United States nor our Afghan allies truly know how many Afghan soldiers and police are available for duty or, by extension, the true nature of their operational capability. Such basic information is especially critical now, as we enter the 2015 fighting season with the Afghans being fully responsible for their own security.    The importance of accurate and reliable personnel data to the United States and Afghan governments cannot be overStated. Every professional standing army or police force begins each day by identifying how many personnel are present for duty and what their capabilities are. In Afghanistan, this data will also determine the overall amount of U.S. funding for the ANSF.    I think The New York Times story, that broke just before noon, about the Afghan military operations and U.S. military operations highlight the importance of knowing what is the capability of the Afghan forces.    As the United States continues to shift its reconstruction funding to on-budget assistance, it is also important that this assistance be based on accurate and reliable data, and that the Afghan government is able to manage and account for such funds. Again, SIGAR's work shows that the Afghan government still lacks the capacity to do so.    The withdrawal of U.S. military and civilian personnel, as I said, is making this even more challenging to manage and oversee the reconstruction effort. Likewise, audit and law enforcement agencies have substantially reduced the number of staff they have based in Afghanistan. For example, the other IGs in law enforcement agencies have reduced their in-country staff by 45 percent, and may reduce it further as the State Department seeks to ``normalize'' civilian personnel staffing in Afghanistan. By mid-summer 2015, four other U.S. investigative agencies have indicated they intend to completely leave Afghanistan.    Since I was appointed Special Inspector General almost 3 years ago, I believe SIGAR has conducted highly effective, productive, and independent oversight. But our ability to do so may now be at risk. Just this past week, the U.S. embassy in Kabul informed SIGAR that because of the State Department requirement to normalize or right-size the civilian presence in Afghanistan, SIGAR must reduce its staff by 40 percent, from 42 to 25 deployed positions by the summer of 2016. SIGAR was told just Monday, at a senior leadership meeting at our embassy in Kabul, by a senior member of the embassy team, that that cut was non-negotiable. To be more precise, do not come back with an alternative number.    We were not consulted about this number, nor were we given any explanation for how this arbitrary number was determined.    Now, I am concerned about the impact these cuts will have on SIGAR's mission and on the U.S. reconstruction mission on a whole, because SIGAR is the largest oversight body in Afghanistan. While the U.S. reconstruction effort may have declined, compared to its highpoint, Afghanistan is still the largest single recipient of U.S. foreign assistance, and is projected to remain so for years to come. In other words, while our troops may be coming home, the checks will still be going over there for some time to come.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and I look forward to your questions.    Mr. Sopko. Well, our oversight is the two audits report, and I would highlight that the appendices at the end that actually lists every U.S. agency and international agency and their weaknesses is very limited. We have no visibility, really, below what they call the core level.    So at the brigade, the kandak, and the company, we have no visibility; and we have limited visibility even at the corps level. I think we are trying as hard as we can. I think General Campbell and General Semonite and his team and CSTC-A are trying, but they have very limited resources and they have indicated to us they don't have enough people.    Mr. Sopko. Accuracy, reliability, and the capabilities of the troops. We don't have any visibility at the company level, the kandak level, brigade level; and the last time I was in Afghanistan I was told by some of the CSTC-A officials that they are actually being told don't even look down there.    Mr. Sopko. No. No, sir.    Mr. Sopko. I would say based upon our body of work, and based upon my observations, and based upon Statements made to me by senior military officials and others, they do not have enough resources. Now, this doesn't mean you have to change the number of troops on the ground; you just have to think out of the box. Maybe bring in people on TDY, maybe utilize better resources. But as of now they don't.    Mr. Sopko. It will be adversely impacted, particularly now, when we have a willing party in the palace. We are bringing cases, working very closely with General Semonite, bringing fraud cases to the attention of the president of Afghanistan and the CEO. They are willing to work with us, and now our resources will be limited. I can't say how many audits will be lost or how many investigations, but the on-the-ground truth is now we have an opportunity to work with a willing partner, and for some reason we have a decision being made to make Afghanistan embassy normal.    Now, sir, I know you have been to Afghanistan; I know some of the other members. And this is not meant as being derogatory. Afghanistan is not normal. This isn't Norway. This isn't Germany. This isn't Brazil. This is a country where there is a war going on; we have an active insurgency; we have troops' as well as American civilians' lives being put on the line. But we have a willing partner who wants to help and needs our help. So that is my concern right now with this normalization of the chief mission, that this may not be a wise decision. Very risky.    Mr. Sopko. I do, sir. And I am not Pollyanna-ish about this. I follow the lines of President Reagan: trust but verify. But this president, when we uncovered a billion dollar contract in which $200 million was being stolen on direct assistance because of fraud and because of bribery and because of actually tampering with the contracting, we brought the CSTC-A.    CSTC-A, which is the military command, we went in and the president demanded a meeting, a briefing, and he personally got briefed on it. He fired generals; he ordered a new commission to look at it. But more importantly, he ordered a commission to look at changing the entire way they do contracting. This is good news. I am cautiously optimistic because of the new unity government.    And the same thing applied to Abdullah Abdullah, who, the last time I was there, he asked to be briefed by me and my staff. My staff are working very closely with the new government. We had a very little relationship, very small relationship with the prior government.    Mr. Sopko. That is correct, sir, approximately $60 billion.    Mr. Sopko. I can't. We don't know. There is no way to give you that number.    Mr. Sopko. We don't know. There is no way to give the number because the records are so bad. We can tell you what the top level numbers are; it is 167,000 for the ANA, which is the National Army, and 155,000, approximately, for the police.    Mr. Sopko. Well, that is what the plan is that is standing right now, but we have no idea how many have been trained.    Mr. Sopko. Sir, let me just qualify. I didn't spend that.    Mr. Sopko. I wish I had a budget that big.    Mr. Sopko. I will check with my auditors, who are smarter than I am, but I think that number is beyond our capability.    Mr. Sopko. No, we can't.    Mr. Sopko. It is not General Campbell; this is coming from the State Department, because we actually fall under Chief of Mission rules when we are in State. So, no, it is not General Campbell.    Mr. Sopko. We are working very closely with his team.    Mr. Sopko. That is correct, sir.    Mr. Sopko. Could I respond, Mr. Chairman?    Mr. Sopko. Mr. Lynch, my only concern about that, and I can understand your frustration, the reality of the situation on the ground is, if we stop funding, probably the Afghan National Security Forces will collapse, the Afghan government will collapse, and the entire $1 trillion investment will be lost. So I caution you, sir, on that.    Mr. Sopko. Well, the most serious implication would be that a corps or a kandak or brigade would be a hollow brigade that doesn't really exist. And I can only allude to, although it is not a totally exact comparison, but to what happened in Iraq, where it was discovered that those were hollow brigades and that a lot of the troops were ghost, they didn't exist; they were created out of thin air so that the officers could steal the salary and steal everything else. So I assume that is the biggest concern that we would have and you would have, and General Campbell would have.    The other concern is if we don't know who is showing up, we don't know what their qualifications are. Are they medics? Are they trained medics? Are they literate? Are they weapons specialists and all that? They may just not exist.    And you know as well as I do, if you are in the military, you have a roll call every morning. Well, we don't have basic roll call. We don't know who shows up at that roll call. And the same applies to the police.    I know we have incidents right now in Baltimore. I am certain every morning in Baltimore there is a roll call in every one of those precincts so the chief of the police, the station precinct knows who is there. We don't know in Afghanistan.    Mr. Sopko. I am probably not the best person to answer that, but on my latest meetings over in Afghanistan we had positive responses from General Campbell on their operations. But I am not an expert and we don't have the capability to actually do that assessment.    But apparently they had a very good or pretty good operation in Helmut. They now are up north in, I believe, the Kunduz Valley and doing an operation. I don't know how well they are doing, I can't really tell you. There was some newspaper articles recently about that from the local press which gave you mixed results. And I think The New York Times article actually talked about that we may be coming back in to help the Afghans.    This is an important year, sir. I can just say that.    Mr. Sopko. Oh, I think the corruption is endemic in the country. I think President Ashraf Ghani recognizes it, and the CEO, and they are trying to do something about it, and that is why it is so critical now to be working with that government. We actually have a willing partner for a change, so we are hopeful that more can be done. But it is an overwhelming task.    Mr. Sopko. Well, that is why we are encouraged that General Semonite and his team are trying to design a system that will protect the money and protect the contracts, and that is why we are encouraged that we are working with General Semonite on our team with the palace on trying to design contracts and design a system that can make a difference.    Mr. Sopko. Electronic systems where we can--I was very encouraged. Yesterday my staff received a 4-hour briefing from a member of the Pentagon. They finally decided they have heard us and they are bringing in experts who know how to design H.R. systems. They have never done that before.    Basically, General Semonite and his team have been doing the best they can, but they are war fighters. We finally have convinced the Pentagon to devote the resources to design an H.R. system. This should have been done years ago. They didn't. Well, now we have an opportunity and a willing government to respond, so I am encouraged by that.    Mr. Sopko. Yes. The new government is interested in that, and they have not only spoken on it, but actually carried out some deeds that we are impressed with. So, again, trust but verify. But at least with the National Unity Government we have somebody who is very willing to change the way things have worked in Afghanistan for a number of years.    Mr. Sopko. That is correct, ma'am.    Mr. Sopko. That is correct.    Mr. Sopko. That is correct also, ma'am.    Mr. Sopko. We don't know for sure.    Mr. Sopko. Well, there are multiple payroll systems; there are multiple electronic systems that don't talk to each other. We assume if you are an employee you have an ID card.    Mr. Sopko. Well, it turns out that they are not all issued cards; the cards aren't always put into the system. It also turned out that they have never collected any of the cards of the people who have left. And that is serious not from a security point of view, which I think the chairman alluded to, but you have people walking around with ANA Army ID cards and police ID cards in the country, meaning you can sign them up and collect.    It is hard to explain how messed up this system is. If you look at the appendices, we listed--I am not trying to defend the system. This is something that has been identified going back years by the GAO, DOD IG, State Department IG, we have done it three times. Finally I think we have gotten their attention. By we, I think the Afghans want to fix it because I think they are concerned. I can't speak for the president, but I believe he is concerned that he doesn't know how many soldiers he has out in such a province.    Mr. Sopko. Essentially all of our recommendations to DOD have been accepted and they are moving on them, so we are encouraged by that. Our recommendations to you and the committee is to keep watching DOD, and bring us back and bring them in, if necessary, to see if they are implemented. They have promised to do this. Trust but verify. Let's see if they do it.    Importantly, I think you have to look at the staffing and capabilities of our military in Afghanistan and whether they have adequate resources to do this. When we did our audits, we talked to our military, and they basically told us they don't have the bodies to do adequate oversight. That is why we are doubly concerned that the largest oversight body of the U.S. Government is being cut by 45 percent in Afghanistan, by the State Department, without consultation.    And the other issue is we are an independent inspector general. Since 1978, independent inspectors general determined their staffing level and where they are located. Now we get an edict from the State Department that basically says this is your number, live with it.    Mr. Sopko. We would appreciate any help you can provide us, sir. And I am certain my other brethren and the other IGs would appreciate that help too.    Mr. Sopko. Well, technically, that money was generated by the Afghans.    Mr. Sopko. Well, the best way to explain it is in one of our charts we talk about how we lose visibility over----    Mr. Sopko. OK. I will do it quickly. Once the money goes to salaries, it is the Ministry of Finance, it is no longer U.S. money.    Mr. Sopko. I agree totally with you, sir. They only raised $2 billion, and it cost $8 to $10 billion to keep that country afloat. So it is mainly being supported by us.    Mr. Sopko. That is why it is so critical. And I know I don't want to take your time, Mr. Lynch.    Mr. Sopko. OK.    Mr. Sopko. I don't have an answer, sir, but we don't have that visibility anymore.    Mr. Sopko. Well, Mr. Lynch, can I respond, and can I take time from somebody else to respond? Because I have been stealing his time already, Mr. Chairman.    I think you are directly on point. But the thing we can do is conditionality. We can condition. You are right, we have the piggy bank. I have been harping on conditionality for 3 years. I was originally told we could never do that, but CSTC-A is now, we have a new team in there which is doing conditionality. And when I met with the president of Afghanistan, he said he believes in conditionality; he will go along with conditionality. So the reality on the ground has changed a little bit, and that is why I am cautiously optimistic.    I am usually Dr. Doom, but I am cautiously optimistic. That is why it is counterintuitive to now cut oversight, to cut our resources to the bone in the State Department, at AID, as well as with the military, who have to oversee all this money.    The Secretary of Defense just announced he wants to increase our support for the military in Afghanistan by 50 percent, a 50 percent military increase. Well, that means more money, more guns, more contracts. You are not increasing CSTC-A at all. So that is the disconnect.    You know, we can't do programs by press release, and that is the problem here.    Mr. Sopko. Yes.    Mr. Sopko. There is a way to equalize it, but I think you have to do it smartly. I think putting a number out of the air and dictating it is not the way you do this. That is not the way you would do it in business. I don't know why we are doing it in Afghanistan, by pulling a number, not just for me, but for everybody else, and saying design a program around it. We should look at what our program needs are and then design the number of bodies to fit that.    Mr. Sopko. The building, sir?    Mr. Sopko. Oh, the complex? I will be honest with you. That complex is something we haven't looked at; that is a State Department inspector general's job to look at that. I think he is actually reviewing the construction there, but I don't know.    Mr. Sopko. I am happy to provide them to you. Stricter controls for the State Department?    Mr. Sopko. Well, for direct assistance, sir, I think we have to use conditionality. We have to design the programs realizing we are dealing with a corrupt regime, so we have to have people in place to review them. If we don't get access to records, we don't get access to facilities, then I think seriously we should consider cutting the program. And I think that is what CSTC-A is starting to do; if they don't see the Afghans living up to it, they are cutting some of the money. I think that is critical to do.    But you have to have somebody there to see and verify whether they are doing what they are doing. So if you cut all the oversight staff, or gut them, or gut all the CSTC-A staff, or gut the AID and State staff, then how are you going to know if you are getting the money stolen or not?