    Mr. Pearce. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank you, Director Cordray, for being here today. I am over way on the side.    Mr. Pearce. We noted with interest that the change, the revised rules on QM for rural institutions, that was a matter of comment between us during previous hearings. And I really appreciate that we are already getting feedback that has been constructive.    We are starting now to hear from people who would be affected by the title insurance section that you announced in August, so be aware there probably ought to be someone looking at how that is going to affect the market also.    So I have put up on the screen here a threat map and I would draw your attention to it because another matter that we have talked about when you were here is cyber security and data collection. This is a real-time depiction of cyber threats and it goes on 24 hours a day. I know that when you testified previously you had said that you were going to handle it internally.    Just today, Apple and Google both experienced problems, and with the constant attacks, I get deeply concerned about the inadvertent release of that data, and we kind of have the recent releases of information.    So, again, my recommendation is, if we haven't done it, to visit with the FBI, with security agencies, and be aware that this is highly sophisticated stuff.    Mr. Pearce. I appreciate that understanding there. Now, you say repeatedly, and I appreciate the chance to talk about consumer protection and the way I visualize that you are protecting every single transaction.    Would it be helpful if this body were to put the GSEs under the same limitation or under your regulation, because then you just have one source, you go to the GSEs and say, you can't relax your standards, you can't relax the underwriting.    That was a great deal of the problem back in 2008 and preceding up to the meltdown and it just seems like if you could affect that one institution, FHA or the GSEs, then you could cascade out and protect hundreds of thousands of loans with a miniscule amount of effort. Is that something that you would be opposed to if we put in legislation to that effect?    Mr. Pearce. Yes. If the GSEs did not purchase those loans, then people would be stuck with them and they are not going to live with the abuses that you are here trying to stop and so I appreciate that.    But I know that, and it has been a previous question of mine that no government agency--you all really don't interact with them and I am not sure that is always right.    Just this month a local constituent was forced into an IRS sale forfeiture of assets and was denied due process, the local sheriff was standing beside him, and finally the guy got so nervous he said, ``Hey, everybody is scaring me with what they are saying is going to happen if I persist on my rights.''    And so at some point that protection for consumers from the government agencies is something that would be very effective, too. And again, I think you maybe in the past had perceived that I was picking on you or maybe not serious, but I am deadly serious in saying that I would appreciate it if you would give your commitment that you would gladly oversee some of the actions by our own government.    Mr. Pearce. That is assuming that we would put it into the statute, I agree with you.    Mr. Pearce. Thank you. I yield back.    Mr. Pearce. The time of the gentleman has expired. The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Massachusetts, Mr. Lynch, for 5 minutes.