    Ms. Killoran. Killoran.    Ms. Killoran. Yes, thank you. Good morning.    Ms. Killoran. Good morning, Chairman Chaffetz, and Ranking Member Cummings, and members of the committee. Thank you for giving me the opportunity to discuss our legacy Federal IT technology at HHS.    As the chief information officer acting for the Department of Health and Human Services, my testimony today will describe how we have been able to decrease some of our end-of-life systems through both a risk mitigation approach as well as our plans moving forward.    HHS is the U.S. Government's principal agency for protecting the health of all Americans and providing essential human services, especially for those who are least able to help themselves. Information technology is critical to enabling HHS to achieve its mission by fostering advances in medicine, public health, and social services. HHS currently spends approximately $5 billion annually on our internal IT and over $7 billion in IT grants that are primarily given to States and local agencies to facilitate our programs.    In managing our IT programs, one of the key risks associated with operational systems is our ability to secure them. Last year, HHS did make measurable progress in our increase of Federal Information Security Modernization Act score, or FISMA. But our work there isn't done.    HHS is currently working to implement the next phase of Einstein, and we are working to improve our trusted Internet connection and deploy different tools under DHS's continuous diagnostics and mitigation program.    All of this work will not only strengthen our systems, but will build on HHS Cyber Sprint success that we had and strengthen our overall cyber infrastructure resiliency.    When our agency decides to replace a legacy system, cloud offerings can help our agency reduce time to develop those products and services. Cloud solutions have helped already HHS reduce program risk and development time.    Our most successful cloud implementation to date is our HHS financial systems upgrade of our core backbone, which occurred last year. This ambitious program modernized our IT infrastructure by using cloud capabilities to improve our systems over all. and through a shared technology, we were able to add cutting-edge technology in a shorter period of time.    Given the importance of our IT mission, I worked diligently over the last year to also improve our IT portfolio review process. Through this, I have launched a number of initiatives in collaboration with our operating divisions to address the most common systematic issues, improve transparency, and enhance governance. Our HHS Federal information technology reform act implementation plan helps support that path moving forward.    One initiative that I have done is to enhance our program evaluation model to make sure that we are looking at enterprise risk overall, and implemented changes to how we look at and score our programs for the IT Federal dashboard last October. This new model incorporates new risks, operational performance objectives, and factors both from scoring and risk factors that OMB has established in GAO.    This data is used to closely monitor our IT programs and risks, and identify those that are at risk. And if something is at high risk for a certain period of time, we do conduct TechStats, of which we actually conducted 10 within the last year, including both the programs cited in the recent GAO report.    We will continue to work on mitigating risks as we look at our legacy systems and work to improve.    By working one-on-one with our program managers, we can increase the probability of success. We have found that investing in those individuals is critical to our success. We have trained 300 people over the last year, and we have an HHS human capital pilot to increase our cybersecurity work force and competencies over the next year.    HHS does spend significantly more on operations, 71 percent, than on our development at 29 percent. HHS recognizes the need for greater development spending, but challenges exist.    Some of our challenges include lack of authority, uncertain grantee systems, the ability to make sure that we are accomplishing Federal mandates, the interdependencies of our systems, and funding by smaller organizations.    As we move forward with some of these capabilities, we will make sure that we look at our inventory and make sure that our FITARA plan establishes how we will evaluate those and look at our modernization moving forward.    One way that we know that we can address a funding challenge is by Congress passing the IT modernization fund. This model can help agencies with upgrading their systems, and the business case we have is our nonrecurring expense fund. This is provided to use unobligated balances to allow us to make changes to our critical systems, and we have succeeded in enhancing our DME significantly from 2012 and 2013 to current standards.    Simply put, doing nothing is not doing nothing. As systems age, the risk to security, reliability, and availability have to be addressed. To reduce exploitation and system vulnerabilities' associated risk, we need to look at those systems and make sure that we are looking at business and security risks to make our priorities.    Thank you for your time, and I will yield to any questions you might have.    Ms. Killoran. Yes. That system is a system that we actually have that plaintiffs can file appeals to claims that they have. It is actually a business process flow and goes through three of the five levels of appeals.    Ms. Killoran. Yes. It allows them to get not only notifications and status, but it also sends out letters.    Ms. Killoran. Correct.    Ms. Killoran. So that legacy system is 10 years old. We actually do have--the system has been updated to make sure that the software is current and the hardware is current. One of the things that we slightly disagree with on the audit is just because something has a particular age doesn't necessarily mean that it is end-of-life.    As Mr. Scott had talked about, all of the operating system, the software and the hardware for this particular system, is completely up-to-date and supported by the vendor at this time. So we don't have a plan to replace, but we are going to keep updating it and making sure that it is current.    Ms. Killoran. So we have been doing continual upgrades as we have different mandates and there have been requirements for operating system changes and software to keep it current, yes.    Ms. Killoran. So, as I mentioned, for the Medicare appeals system, we actually have been making sure that that system is up-to-date, both with patches and software, and on a platform that is actually supported by the vendors.    So as a total system, we don't have plans to replace, but we are keeping it current and making sure that it is able to be supported.    Ms. Killoran. Yes, sir.    Ms. Killoran. So we submit that to all of our FISMA committees, and we did that through our legislative channels.    Ms. Killoran. So if you could clarify the question, are you talking about the report or ----    Ms. Killoran. About a year and a half.    Ms. Killoran. It is around the sensitivity of the information that is stored in the systems. As folks have mentioned today, some of my colleagues, information, especially around personal health information, it is one of the increasing threat vectors across the organization and in the public overall. So we want to make sure that we are protecting the American public and the health information.    Ms. Killoran. As an individual system, but there are concerns about what those systems are and the targets that would ----    Ms. Killoran. Yes. We were actually able to--we actually had members of the committee come over yesterday to our ----    Ms. Killoran. We are just concerned about what those systems are and putting ----    Ms. Killoran. These are not classified systems. We actually transmitted the information to OMB that it requested as classified. These are not classified systems, and they do not have ----    Ms. Killoran. Understood. Like I said, we are actually willing to provide that information.    Ms. Killoran. Yes. Yes, you will.    Ms. Killoran. That is correct.    Ms. Killoran. Thank you for the question.    Yes, that is the case, but they actually are in the process right now of establishing a system to do that automated process. And CMS is actually working with that organization, as that system comes online, of how to integrate the medical appeals system with the system that OMHA is working on right now.    Ms. Killoran. That I would have to get back to you on, because, obviously, I need to get to program and get a full answer on what were the factors in that particular issue.    Ms. Killoran. So the system that you are specifically talking about is actually not in CMS. It is in the Office of Medicare Hearings and Appeals. And yes, they do have a plan. That process--that program is in development, and they are working toward an implementation within the next year.    Ms. Killoran. It is a combination of some custom development and also commercial off-the-shelf.    Ms. Killoran. Yes. Development is actually in plan. We are actually working with them to do security testing and are in the final stages of development.    Ms. Killoran. Yes, sir.    Ms. Killoran. So that would be done through our grants programs, so we would actually have to talk to--I would have to get back to you with our grant system owners and make sure I provide you with the right answer of how they are doing oversight and giving the grants. It is outside of the purview that I have.    Ms. Killoran. There are two sets of funds. There is internal IT funding, which is $5 billion that we spend internally. That is where the oversight I have authority and responsibility over.    There is another over $7 billion that is given to our grants programs through that business mechanism. They are responsible through legislation for providing those grants out to States, locals, tribal, and education, universities, and other things for either access to our systems or to do research on our behalf. All of that funding is actually the responsibility of those individual programs to provide out and to provide oversight to.    Ms. Killoran. So HHS also agrees that what OMB is putting forward on the ITMF is the right move. Being able to invest in our technology and making sure that we are using technology that is current, that is scalable, and meets not only the needs of today, but is scalable for the needs of the future, is the right direction for us to go into.    We have been able to make small incremental changes with the funding that we have, and we have actually seen those successes. So we are a good case study on what positively can happen in this type of situation, and we would be willing, obviously, to share that not only with the members of this committee, but also with OMB as we move forward and work to adopt this model.    Thank you.