    Mr. Heck. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I am always hesitant to follow my friend from Tennessee, but I will endeavor.    Chairman Gruenberg, several months ago your General Counsel, whose name I think was Osterman--    Mr. Heck. --sat here and said that legitimately constituted marijuana businesses in those States that have legalized it either through legislative action or vote of the people who followed FinCEN guidance wouldn't have anything to worry about from the FDIC.    Have you formalized that position in writing in any way? Because I have to tell you, I interact with banks and credit unions all the time and they are still walking on eggshells.    Mr. Heck. We would deeply appreciate being able to receive a copy of that.    With respect to marijuana producers and dispensaries, as you know, the Department of Justice's Cole memorandum requires conformance with eight Federal priorities to qualify as legitimate. It is important to note the first two: one, keep it out of the hands of kids; and two, keep cash out of the hands of the gangs and cartels.    Both the State entity that regulates them and any bank or credit union that serves them are required to be checking for conformance with the same eight Federal priorities.    Now in my State, where the voters did approve it, we have a State Liquor Control Board which regulates marijuana businesses. They are working with financial institutions to allow banks and credit unions to check the Liquor Control Board's database for red flags before they process any transaction for a marijuana business.    And, frankly, it seems to me this is just a much more effective and efficient way--and we are always looking for efficiencies here--for compliance checks. But, frankly, I worry that it is being undermined because the FDIC insists that banks do their own checks, notwithstanding the fact that we have a regulatory entity that is set up.    It seems to me that you could check how robust and muscular the Liquor Control Board's effort is and sign off for that to be the one-stop shopping by banks so that everybody wins. What is wrong with that idea?    Mr. Heck. I look forward to your response. And I appreciate your willingness to follow up.    I have kind of a philosophical question about Suspicious Activity Reports (SARs). Obviously, it is up to the bank or the credit union to decide whether or not to close a bank account, and I think it should be. So don't interpret my question to mean anything other than that.    But I wonder, frankly, whether or not the mere fact of generating multiple SARs necessarily leads to the best decision to close the account. And why do I say that? Well, that is how we can track them. If we are ever going to want to do anything, that is our access point. That is the transparency.    And if the reaction is if you hit X number of SARS, you are gone, the reality is they either: one, figure out a smarter way to get around indicating reasons to be put on the SARS list; or two, go all cash, thus not benefiting anybody, frankly, and being counterproductive from what we are trying to get at. What is your reaction?    Mr. Heck. It is not the reporting. It is the closure that I wonder about. Because it seems to me you just took the teeth out of our ability to enforce.    Lastly, quickly, I want to go all the way back to Wachovia in 2008 and have you just comment briefly on the fraudulent activity you found and stopped.    And, if you recall, how much money was returned to consumers on the basis of your enforcement action?    Mr. Heck. My recollection is it was a very large number with lots of zeros.    Mr. Heck. Thank you for your service to community and Nation, sir.    Mr. Heck. I yield back the balance of my time.