    Mr. Jones. Mr. Chairman, thank you.    And, General Dempsey, thank you for your service.    And to Secretary Carter, welcome to this hearing today and your new leadership of our Nation and our military. And I want to thank you.    I would like to start with an article that I read back in December this year, and then get to a question. The article is titled ``Down the Opium Rat Hole.'' If you have spent 13 years pounding money down a rat hole with little to show for it, you might wake up one morning and say, ``Hey, I am going to stop pounding money down the rat hole.''    Unfortunately, the United States Government does not think that way. And when that rat hole is Afghanistan, the billions are essentially without end.    Mr. Secretary, when I listen to all the threats to a strong military, and I have Camp Lejeune down in my district and Cherry Point Marine Air Station. And I think about all the problems we are faced with, it brings me to this question: We have 9 years of an obligation, an agreement, that was not voted on by the Congress and of course the President did not have to bring it to the Congress, I understand that, so I am not being critical, but here we are in a almost desperate situation to fund our military so we will have an adequate and strong military, and then you read articles like this, and there is one more that came out this week that says, this is from John Sopko, by the way, ``Afghanistan cannot manage billions in aid, U.S. inspector finds.''    There are people on this committee in both parties, and we have met unofficial I with Mr. Sopko for 2 years and listened to him, and I am going to ask you and Mr. McCord how in the world can we, for 9 more years, continue to spend millions and billions of dollars in a country that we have very little accountability?    And we had General Campbell here last week, and I was very impressed with him. Let me make that clear. But the point is that we will continue to put money down the rat hole and never say that it is time to stop putting money in the rat hole.    Why in the world can't an administration, and I would say this if you were Secretary of Defense with George Bush or the next President, whomever it might be, why can't people like yourself, sir, be honest with the American people who pay our salaries, who pay for the military, and say, ``You know what? We need to rethink where we are. We need to have a benchmark. We need to say in 3 years, if this has not been accomplished, and we have not reduced the waste of money, then we might need to change our policy and start pulling out''?    I want to ask you, sir, with Mr. McCord there, are you going to bring in John Sopko and these other people to tell you about the absolutely waste of money in Afghanistan that is taking away from us rebuilding our military?    Mr. Jones. Thank you.    The Chairman. Gentlemen, we have got the largest committee in Congress. In order to get everybody a chance to ask questions, I am going to ask members to limit their time to 5 minutes. If at any point you need to supplement and add because if a question lasts 3 minutes and you have got 2 minutes to answer it it puts you in a tough position. So feel free to add any that you need to at the end.    Ms. Bordallo.