    Mr. Lynch. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. First of all, I want to thank you for your service. And then regrettably, second of all, I need to apologize for the way that you're being treated here today. I know that we've worked with a number of you in the past and appreciate your service to the country. And unlike some folks here, I recognize there's a separation of powers.    While I do agree that Congress has a very wide jurisdiction for investigation, I also know that we are not a law enforcement agency. We are not a trial agency. And under the separation of powers in this country, it's not consistent with the constitution for the legislative branch to overturn a decision, especially on an investigation and a potentially criminal investigation and you've decided not to prosecute. It is completely out of bounds for Congress to overturn a decision of a court on one specific case.    And I want to go back right to the beginning. The notice of this hearing, which was supposed to be closed, and so I apologize that you're being lambasted and denigrated in public when you were asked here to come here to a closed hearing, and all this is happening out of bounds and totally inconsistent with the chairman's letter that this would be a closed hearing.    There is a relevant case law, and, Mr. Herring, I would say that there is constitutional language that would prohibit what's going on here today in requiring you to divulge the names of individuals that have been redacted during your investigation, and that that constitutional language is in the Bill of Rights. And particularly the Fifth Amendment.    And I want to go back to a case called Watkins versus the United States. This was a matter brought forward by Senator Joe McCarthy in the House Committee on Un-American Activities. And Watkins was brought forward to--he was subpoenaed to testify before the House Committee on Un-American Activities. And Chief Justice Warren delivered the opinion of the court in that case. And he said, There's no general authority to expose the private affairs of individuals without justifications in terms of the functions of Congress. Nor is the Congress a law enforcement or trial agency. These are the functions of the executive and judicial departments of government. No inquiry is an end in itself. It must be related to and in furtherance of a legitimate task of Congress. And investigations conducted solely for the personal aggrandizement of the investigators or to punish those investigated are indefensible.    Now, the notice for this hearing says that, number one, the purpose is to review the redactions that were made by the FBI during their investigation and--excuse me--to review the redactions, omissions, and circumstances surrounding your investigation.    Now, as you said before, Mr. Herring, in bringing witnesses forward to get them to cooperate with the FBI--well, look at it this way. If the law is correct the way the chairman and my Republican colleagues are looking at this, here's what we could do. This committee could identify somebody--we could refer somebody for investigation by you, our secret police, the FBI. You could go out and investigate all these people, and then we would have the ability to publicly embarrass them by removing any redactions that you put in place. That's the world that we could create here. And what is the one instance when this exercise, this overreach of power is being administered? It's when we're investigating the Democratic nominee for President a couple of months before the election. That's when this is going on. This is terrible. This is absolutely terrible. This is a miscarriage of justice.    And the right of people against unreasonable search and seizures, the right of the witnesses that you investigate--and I understand this was a 12-month investigation. Earlier in your testimony you said that it took--you did 3 years of work in about 12 months and pulled in all these people. So if anybody at all is mentioned in any of these by a witness who mentions another person, that person will suffer the glare and their lives will be turned upside down because of what this committee wants to do. And that is a violation of our constitution and the individual rights of those individuals, just from having been mentioned or being approached in an FBI investigation.    So, Mr. Chairman, I think this is going in the totally wrong direction. This is a sad day in the history of this committee, I have to tell you. This is a sad goddamn day that we're doing this.    Mr. Lynch. Yes.    The Clerk. Mr. Lynch votes yes.    Mr. Cooper?    The Clerk. Mr. Connolly?