    Mr. LaHood . Without objection.    Mr. LaHood. Thank you.    At this time we will yield 5 minutes to the Full Committee Chairman, Mr. Bishop.    Mr. LaHood. Thank you.    At this time we will yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Arkansas, Mr. Westerman.    Mr. LaHood. Yes.    Mr. LaHood. Thank you.    At this time I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from West Virginia, Mr. Mooney.    Mr. LaHood. Thank you.    I will yield myself 5 minutes at this time.    I want to thank the witnesses for being here today and for your testimony.    Mr. Guertin, I know in your opening statement you talked about the facts and circumstances involving Mr. Barton, which are, I think by your own adjectives, very, very troubling.    And Mr. Barton, as I understand it, his title was Chief of Administrative Information and Management; and clearly he found a creative way to enrich himself illegally, but I guess the part that is really revealing is that he did it out in the open.    As I understand it, Mr. Barton was stationed in Washington, DC; is that correct?    Mr. LaHood. But where was he actually living, Mr. Guertin?    Mr. LaHood. And he was actually living in Boise. That is my understanding; correct?    Mr. LaHood. Beyond that, he was being paid Boise locality rates. Is that my understanding, or was it DC rates?    Mr. LaHood. And that would have been a higher rate; correct?    Mr. LaHood. And related to that locality rate, do you know how much additional income that deception provided him?    Mr. LaHood. If I told you that was about $15,000 that he received because of the DC locality rates, would you dispute that?    Mr. LaHood. And, who paid for the travel, Mr. Guertin, for Mr. Barton to travel back and forth between Boise and Washington, DC?    Mr. LaHood. How many flights did Mr. Barton take between Boise and Washington, DC, between 2011 and 2015?    Mr. LaHood. So, my understanding is that the 100 trips that he took during this 3- or 4-year period cost about $96,000 to taxpayers. You would not dispute that; correct?    Mr. LaHood. Ms. Kendall, did your investigation also find that he charged expenses to the Federal Government when he was actually at home in Boise?    Mr. LaHood. In fact, he took per diem for weekends in Boise.    Mr. LaHood. And I guess, looking at the facts, Mr. Barton was paid additional salary for reportedly living in DC, and then financed the deception through this travel and was being paid a salary of $155,000 per year. Is that accurate?    Mr. LaHood. Just for a point of reference, the medium household income in Idaho is less than $50,000 a year. Clearly, Mr. Barton was making an exorbitant salary or living through this deception or arrangement he had.    Ms. Kendall, there was another element to this, too, where he supplemented his income even more beyond what I just went through, and that was through his role with the Western Association of Fish and Wildlife Agencies from 2004 to 2014. As I understand it that is a private organization, and he was the treasurer of that organization; is that correct?    Mr. LaHood. During this entire time, did you or your Department question him being the treasurer of that department?    Mr. LaHood. I see my time has expired. I look forward to a second round of questions.    At this time I will yield to Mr. Westerman another 5 minutes.    Mr. LaHood. Thank you.    At this time, I yield myself another 5 minutes for the second round.    I am going to pick up on the same line of questioning I had regarding Mr. Barton. I did want to clarify; I think I had mentioned that the median household income in Boise, Idaho is $50,000.    Getting back to the relationship that Mr. Barton had with this association, it turns out that in 2013, he made $109,000 in that year alone in being paid as the treasurer for this agency, along with working for the Federal Government.    Ms. Kendall, did you find that Mr. Barton went as far as double billing for his work for the association, the private organization, and the Fish and Wildlife Service?    Mr. LaHood. Were you familiar with a conference he attended in Hawaii where he did double bill both?    Mr. LaHood. If I told you that occurred, would you disagree with that?    Mr. LaHood. And, Mr. Guertin, was your agency aware of Mr. Barton's position as treasurer of WAFWA, the private organization?    Mr. LaHood. And what sort of problems could be created by a senior official at Fish and Wildlife Service serving as the treasurer of a private association that receives Federal grants?    Mr. LaHood. And why did the Fish and Wildlife Service allow him to continue working for WAFWA or at least remove him from his duties at the Service?    Mr. LaHood. The part that is really concerning is Mr. Barton was not a low-level official at Fish and Wildlife. He was a top senior official, top 1 percent in terms of salary, not including his six-figure moonlighting, doing all of these other things.    How is it possible that a fraud like this went unnoticed for so many years?    Mr. LaHood. Yes, and obviously you believe and have formed the opinion that what he did was wrong, unethical, and inappropriate; correct?    Mr. LaHood. Have you recommended prosecution of Mr. Barton for the activities he engaged in?    Mr. LaHood. Have you formed an opinion on whether he should be prosecuted or held accountable?    Mr. LaHood. What if he does not pay that?    Mr. LaHood. I know I am going over my time here, but how do you give taxpayers some level of confidence that what occurred here will no longer occur?    What mechanisms have you put in place, what safeguards?    I mean, clearly, what was done over this 10-year period did not work. So, how do you give confidence to the American people that you have changed the procedure?    Mr. LaHood. Thank you.    I am over my time. At this time, I yield an additional 5 minutes to Mr. Westerman.    Mr. LaHood. Thank you.    At this time I would like to thank our witnesses for being here today.    Obviously there is an overwhelming amount of disturbing information the Inspector General has delivered in the last several weeks, and I can assure you that the Natural Resources Committee and this subcommittee will continue to examine these issues.    Unfortunately, it has become entirely clear that there is no ``culture of compliance' at the Department of the Interior. That may be a nice slogan, but the action and accountability behind it fall terribly short of the responsibility that taxpayers deserve.    These cases touch many sub-agencies of the Interior, including the National Park Service, the U.S. Geological Survey, the Fish and Wildlife Service, the Bureau of Land Management, and even the Office of the Secretariat.    We had hoped that the Department would work with us to provide a witness that could have answered on their behalf, but we were left with a solitary witness from the Fish and Wildlife Service, and that is disappointing.    The members of the committee may have some additional questions for the witnesses, and we will ask you to respond to those in writing. Under Committee Rule 4(h), the hearing record will be open for 10 business days for these responses.    If there is no further business, without objection, the committee stands adjourned. Thank you for your testimony.