    Mr. Sherman. Thank you.    Mr. Brown, one definition that would be added is for accredited investors or those who have retained or used the services of various advisers. As you understand the legislation, would that mean that an investor could just retain the advice of an adviser who is affiliated with, selected by, or compensated by the issuer?    Mr. Sherman. So, if I had a product I wanted to get investors in, and let's say I have a perverse interest in selling to those who couldn't even afford the risk, I could just have a CPA or lawyer on staff and say you could advise each investor, and I will pay you to do it. And/or you will earn a commission with regard to the investment.    I don't see any of the other witnesses anxious to contradict that. So I hope we would correct that in the legislation and say that if you are going to be an accredited investor because you have a good adviser, that adviser better not be affiliated with, selected by, or compensated by the issuer. Nor should his or her compensation depend upon whether the investor chooses to make the investment.    We have--back when I was in the business world, which was a long time ago, we established this million-dollar rule; a million dollars now isn't even a good house in many parts of my district. And this $200,000 income used to be those who were really rolling in money.    I would point out that even Members of Congress would be making $200,000 if we hadn't legislated to prevent ourselves from getting cost-of-living increases. And I would hope that we would take a look at this.    If we are going to liberalize the rule by saying well, you are going to get good advice, you don't have to be a millionaire. We would realize in today's world a millionaire is somebody who has at least a couple million bucks.    To say that somebody is a millionaire because they have a net worth of a million ignores the inflation over the last 20 or 30 years. As to leverage for the BDCs, what we have in our economy now is all the money is locked in banks and other very risk-averse investors.    If you want to get a prime loan or a prime plus 1 loan, you can get 10 banks to bid on it. You get all the money and they beg you to take more and you say no. If the U.S.--if the German government wants to borrow money, you have to pay them to take it.    So, those that are--the money is locked up. And if we can get some of that money lent to BDCs and then through BDCs, extend it to the companies that really need it and that are growing and that--or might grow. And then have some risk; that is moving the money from this little sheltered world where it only gets lent to sovereign governments and et cetera and gets out.    Which is why I am a bit reluctant to--I think Mr. Brown commented on this--to see the BDC money then go to financial institutions. It is the financial institutions that already have enough money.    Does anyone here--I will address this to Mr. Foster, but anybody, have any economic analysis that said not as good for investors? And you do have to be here just for your investors. But that it is good for the economy to create another pipeline so that investment money goes to those in the financial sector.    Mr. Sherman. And in a lot of ways, they are your business.    Mr. Sherman. They are financing the same people you are financing.    Mr. Sherman. Should all financial--    Mr. Sherman. My time has expired.