    Mr. Ashford. Thank you. Thank you, General, General.    I have two different questions on two different subjects. And I just go back to your comments about ISIS and the answer you just gave. I just need to fully understand this.    ISIL will probably conduct additional attacks, attacks in Europe and attempt to direct attacks in the United States homeland in 2016. I think that is, at least my constituents, what their fear is, that it won't--the lone attacker will probably give way to directed attacks. How do we--I am sure you have answered this already, but could you do it again? How do we address that? We know it is coming. We think it is coming, anyway. We strategize around it. What is our strategy? What do I tell my constituents about how we are going to direct----    General Stewart. I can tell you what the Intelligence Community will try to do: get as clean an understanding of the foreign fighters who have gone into Iraq and Syria to support ISIL; try to get the best appreciation for those who are flown back, and we have some techniques that has been very helpful; and most importantly, to make sure as a community, we share, not just across the defense intelligence community, but our law enforcement communities and all those who will see activities. That really is the key. If we can share this information that each of us have in our different silos, and I think that has gotten a lot better over the last several years, we have a great opportunity to counter some of these threats and challenges coming from overseas. So----    Mr. Ashford. So it is train--sorry.    General Stewart. I am sorry?    Mr. Ashford. No. I am sorry. Go ahead.    General Stewart. We will not stop the lone wolf attackers. That someone is going to get radicalized and someday pick up a weapon and go after Americans, that is almost impossible to stop, but we can certainly get a good sense of those who are acting overseas, those who have got military training, and those who we are seeing indications that they are either coming back or trying to influence individuals in this country.    Mr. Ashford. And I know Congress in various ways has attempted to address the refugee issue, the visa issue. Aren't those legitimate concerns? I mean, to me I, as a Member who cosponsored a bill on refugees, it wasn't that we didn't want refugees to come here, isn't it reasonable that the flow of ISIL-related individuals back into Europe or into the United States through an existing program that is legitimate, I mean, you know, refugee program or visa program, isn't that a valid concern that we must have?    General Stewart. Absolutely legitimate, absolutely valid concern. Where it rises to the level of most dangerous threats for me, we have mechanisms in place, we have procedures in place that mitigates many of those concerns. So those that are coming through established borders, ports of entries and the like, not as great a concern. Could some come through borders where we don't have control? Absolutely. How high would I put that on the list of threats? Something to monitor, but not terribly high on my list.    Mr. Ashford. All right. And that is--for example, we don't stop a refugee program or we don't stop a visa program, but we think about it as something that could be an avenue of flow of--where there could be a flow of individuals that could, in fact, lead an attack.    I mean, my concern in listening to this for all year, year and a half now almost, is this sense that they are training people in Syria, they have sophisticated abilities, they haven't used their cyber ability apparently yet, but, like, they might or could in the future, but that when you train somebody and they are radicalized ab initio, they are radicalized there; it is not radicalizing a lone wolf in Nebraska, it is--and that person could come back into Europe or the United States or anywhere else, and they are doing it already in other parts, obviously, Libya and other parts of the world, and they could put together a force of like-minded people and, you know, attack us. That is not an--that is a concern, isn't it? Obviously, you have said it is, but----    General Stewart. That is a concern and that is a plausible scenario.    Mr. Ashford. And then my next question, thank you, is related to intelligence gathering and cyber and all these very high-tech fields that you have done a great job, I think, in elevating, and it is--but how do we in a general sense, how do we recruit our young people to do that work? How do we get them interested in not being in the private sector right away making, you know, bundles of money, and going into work for you? How do we do that, in your view? What are the recruitment tools?    General Stewart. Yeah. I am going to start a little bit, and then maybe General Marrs will pick this up.    I have found no problems with the marines, who are genuine patriots, who had great technical skills, who are willing to do this business in cyberspace when I was associated with U.S. Army Command. None of them were leaving because they could get paid more by any of the industry giants. They did this business because they were true patriots who wanted to serve their country.    Where I found folks who left, was because we didn't have any well-designed construct to retain them and allow them to continue to do this highly skilled work that they wanted to do. In spite of bonuses, we tended to move them off to do what they viewed as nontrivial missions. And so they weren't leaving for money; they were leaving because they couldn't get to do the things they wanted to do.    Mr. Ashford. Thank you, General. I am way over time, so----    The Chairman. General Marrs, is there anything you wanted to add on that question right quick?    General Marrs. Sir, I guess I would just say, having had some opportunities to be a consumer of cyber skills along the way, that absolutely the more we can get out early on and, I guess, expose our young folks to what is possible within this community, once they see that and the mission that is involved, it is pretty easy at that point to bring them on.    The Chairman. Okay. The only thing I would add, General, is to the extent we can help in these career tracks, we want to be helpful. A lot of it is not within--or traditionally within the thing that we decide, but there are some aspects of this, and we want to be helpful in just what you said.    Ms. McSally.