    Mr. Nugent. Madam Chair, if I may?    The Chairman. Yes, the gentleman from Florida, former sheriff.    Mr. Nugent. I appreciate that.    I truly want to express my gratitude to Ms. Lofgren and to Rodney Davis for working so diligently on putting this together. Long overdue. I think we would all agree that there is probably other things that we should do as we move forward, whether it is leased vehicles and some of the excesses that we have seen in the past, but that is not what we are talking about today.    I will tell you, coming from the State of Florida that probably has the most open, transparent records system in the United States, but even they saw the need to safeguard law enforcement by not putting their addresses on public documents. It causes you a problem when you go to refinance a home because when they go to a public document search they can't find you.    But that is a safety concern. And I think the State of Florida, like I said, it has the most open, transparent records system in America, has decided, you know, we need to protect those folks. I think that is part of the problem that we see today across this country in regards to, you know, folks that are just upset with government per se.    And I worry, and I agree with the Sergeant at Arms that when you do this and put it on the Net, that it does create an additional concern for those of us who are serving. And, you know, if questioned, obviously we put the detail in to our folks and then they transcribe it and put it in for the disbursement for the statement of disbursements. So that backup information is there in case there ever is a question, whether it comes to Ethics or something else.    I would suggest that all Members keep that information, and I would think most do, because none of us want to have an ethics complaint against us or the FBI coming in and seizing your records. None of that we want to see happen.    But I do think that where we are today, with the hatred that is out there, particularly towards government and government officials, we need to be very, very careful. And I would suggest that we do follow the recommendation of the Sergeant at Arms. While he is responsible for our safety, and Ms. Lofgren stated it, that they don't provide security at your home.    And so your travel methods--you know, we tell law enforcement change your travel methods, don't take the same route to work every day. Do things that if someone wants to hurt you, it makes it more difficult for them to do that. And I would suggest the same thing holds for Members of Congress.    Mr. Nugent. I would be glad to yield.    Mr. Nugent. Well, I would suggest, though, reclaiming my time----    Mr. Nugent . Is that we should err on the side of caution. If anything, from what we have seen, violence in America today, we really ought to be err on the side of caution. While I understand the transparency issue, I think that in our office records it clearly is there if anyone wanted to see it or check.    And I think by things that you are doing in regards to separating air reimbursement for flights, for mileage, I think that then opens up that transparency that we are looking at, because when you see a Member that has this huge number and you can pull up other Members and see everybody else is relatively in this category and you have got one guy or gal way up here, that in and of itself might draw some scrutiny I would think. And I think by putting it online it certainly opens that up to scrutiny.    So, Madam Chair, once again, I really do appreciate all the work that Ms. Lofgren and the gentleman from Illinois, Mr. Davis, have done as it relates to opening this process up for transparency. And with that, I yield back, and I oppose that amendment.    The Chairman. Thank the gentleman.    Any other members?    Mr. Nugent. No.    The Clerk. Mr. Nugent votes no.    Mr. Davis?