    Mr. Westerman. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And, Mr. Werkheiser, thank you for your, pretty much, raw testimony today. I know this is not the first time this issue has been discussed in this committee. The last time there was only a little bit of smoke and we thought there was probably some fire, and I think you have verified that there was wrongdoing and definitely fire associated with this, figuratively speaking, obviously.    I would like to commend the Chairman and the Ranking Member. And I think this is a sign of the seriousness of this issue that scientific intellectual integrity is an important thing to everyone across these party lines, and it is something that we simply just cannot tolerate.    If you look at the founding of our greatest educational institutions in this country that even predate the Constitution, the motto of Harvard is veritas, which means truth; if you look at Yale, it is Lux et veritas, light and truth, so transparency and truth. This Nation has held that to be paramount for a long time, and when issues like this happen, it troubles us.    Personally, I worked as an engineer for over 20 years, and I used USGS data. And it makes me think, did I make professional decisions that I am accountable for based on flawed data? Even though it was not this data, but it was USGS data, and there are thousands and thousands of people across the country that have experienced that.    When we think about what has happened and how to move forward and why we, as Members of Congress and keepers of the taxpayers' dollar, should continue to invest in USGS, I think we need a better answer. I know that this data may not have been used directly in policy, but how much of this data was used by people in industry, or people in research.    How much of it--I mean, testing coal and heavy metals. Were there bad decisions made that resulted in somebody doing something in a process that harmed the environment? Were there decisions made that prevented someone from using something in a process that caused economic damage?    I think we need a better explanation, that you go back and find out exactly why this data was manipulated, what the far-reaching effects are. There is a proverb that says that if a thief is caught, he should repay it seven times over. I think USGS needs to do a more in-depth investigation so that we feel comfortable that the problem has been rectified and it will not happen again.    Are there any efforts underway to go back and trace the knowledge trail to see where this data might have been used and--even public opinion may have been influenced by articles that were written based on this research which actually could affect policy decisions. Where are you in the process of actually going back and uncovering the real damage that was done?    Mr. Westerman. So, 20 years of research and none of this ever got outside of the USGS?    Mr. Westerman. So, you could maybe do research on where the lab was cited back as far as 20 years ago in other research papers. And also--I know I am out of time, but when do you expect to have that report to us on the effects of the manipulated data?    Mr. Westerman. I yield back, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Westerman. Thank you again, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Werkheiser, one thing that still troubles me is something in the response in the letter that you sent to Chairman Gohmert. It says here that we have been unable to determine either the rationale for the data manipulation or any consistent calculations that the analyst used in performing those data manipulations.    Is that still being investigated, or is that your final say on it?    Mr. Westerman. So, there is still investigation going on to try to determine the rationale?    Mr. Westerman. OK. The June 2016 Department of the Interior Inspector General report noted that the second case of continuous data manipulation at the Lakewood facility affected, at a minimum, projects that received $108 million in funding. However, what remains unclear is the dollar value of the projects that were impacted by the data manipulation that occurred at the lab between 1996 and 2008, and we talked about that a little bit earlier about the records.    Could you tell the committee what was the aggregate dollar value of the projects that were affected during this earlier 12-year course of data manipulation?    Mr. Westerman. Do you know how many projects were in that time period?    Mr. Westerman. We have the dollar amount, but what was the number of projects affected?    Mr. Westerman. Do you happen to know how many projects there were?    Mr. Westerman. Hopefully, you can understand the heartburn that creates, that there is a federally funded research lab with no data or no backup.    Mr. Westerman. Even on the research side.    Mr. Westerman. And no way to find out?    Mr. Westerman. I had a follow-up question--Did any of the data derived from the lab during this period affect any Federal legislation or regulation, Federal or state? If you don't even know what projects were done, obviously there is no way to determine if the research affected any state or Federal regulations.    Mr. Westerman. I guess with that, Mr. Chairman, I am at a loss for words.