    Mr. Shuster. Thank you, Chairman LoBiondo. And I want to start by welcoming a group of young people from my district. They are participating in the Pennsylvania Electric Co-op Youth Program. They are all the ones standing. They have young legs, so I think they can stand for a little bit.    Welcome to Washington. It is great that you are here, and seeing what is going on in your Federal Government, your Nation's capital.    Also I would like to say happy birthday to the other man from Everett, Mr. Larsen. For those of you from my district, he is from Everett, Washington. And as you know, I am from Everett, Pennsylvania. So we share that.    So happy birthday, Rick.    And also I want to say I am glad to see Mr. Hultgren here. He has been a real advocate for changing the system, for getting something done to make sure we can hire the controllers we need. So thanks for being here today.    Aviation safety is a top priority of this committee. And, in fact, across all of the modes it is a top priority for us. And the U.S. has one of the safest aviation systems in the world, and that is largely due to the dedicated and professional work of our air traffic controllers and the FAA safety personnel.    However, it is clear from numerous reports the FAA has not hired and trained enough fully certified controllers at our busiest ATC facilities to make up for the thousands of controllers hired during the 1981 strike who are reaching mandatory retirement. It is not clear why the FAA has dropped the ball. Many of the problems can be attributed to poor management of sequestration, as well as the timing and poor execution of significant--and questionable--changes to the controller hiring process.    This is another example of the FAA's longstanding inability to adequately manage its controller workforce. And that is a big reason, I believe one of the biggest reasons, why the ATC reform that I have proposed and we have passed out of this committee we should take up. And the FAA has a history, whether it is a hiring, not hiring of personnel, or being able to deploy a modern air traffic control system again, we ought to continue to work towards breaking out the ATC from the FAA, allowing it to operate as an entity that can hire, maintain, and deploy a modern and safe aviation system. So I will continue to push for that.    Again, under the status quo the passengers will suffer from the FAA's forced--to reduce air traffic flows across the country. And just imagine, we see the news reports today of the lines that the TSA have. And that is causing some delays, but it's causing passengers, thousands and thousands of passengers, to miss their flights or miss their connections. Imagine if we don't have the flow of the air traffic control, the lines will be not in the airport, the lines will be on the tarmacs. Planes will be waiting with hundreds of passengers, waiting in line to get to the next destination, missing connections, missing--flights being canceled.    So this is a serious problem that we have to address. And again, I appreciate Chairman LoBiondo holding this hearing, and I look forward to hearing from our witnesses today.    Thank you, I yield back.    Mr. Shuster. Thank you, Chairman LoBiondo. And let me start off by saying, first of all, I know, Mr. Babbitt, in your long distinguished career you were on the 1993 commission that recommended the type of ATC reform that we have proposed here and passed out of committee. So I appreciate you being here today, your long service, and your wisdom in trying to figure out how we change this system and right this ship so we can have an even safer, more efficient air traffic control system and airspace in America.    Mr. Shuster. So far this morning we have learned that the FAA has missed its own controller hiring targets in each of the last 6 years, and that the percentage of controller trainees being used are at near record levels in some of our busiest air traffic controlled facilities.    In an effort to right this ship, Ms. Bristol, you said you have changed--revamped your controller hiring process. In fact, twice in less than 3 years this has happened. I, for one, am very skeptical and doubtful that, with a record of 6 years not being able to meet--I think the latest numbers I got is you are behind in hiring the type of people that we need to get in the facilities.    So I would like the witnesses--at least Mr. Hampton, Mr. Rinaldi, and Mr. Babbitt, if you would, give the FAA, on a scale of an A to an F, their performance in hiring, placing, and training over the last 5 years.    Mr. Hampton, are you willing to grade them?    Mr. Shuster. What did you say, the last thing?    Mr. Shuster. It sounds like you are a politician.    Mr. Shuster. I would have expected you to, you know, come down hard one way or the other.    Mr. Rinaldi?    Mr. Shuster. I would do that, and I would--being the politician here asking the questions, I would give Congress a D-minus on what we have done over the last 20 or 30 years on the funding level, the different pieces of legislation that we have passed, that we have not--with our oversight of the FAA, but--so I would give us a D-minus--maybe a D, since it is Larsen's birthday today, I will be a little bit easier.    Mr. Babbitt? Now you are in the trickiest position of all, because you got to deal with the FAA every single day. So----    Mr. Shuster. OK, great. Ms. Bristol, I won't ask you to grade yourself, but again, why should we assume, after 6 years of failure, after the last 2, 3 years--changing the system twice, you know, what--tell us the metric we need to look for in the next couple of months, several months, to prove that you are moving forward in a positive way.    Mr. Shuster. When will that--when will we see that?    Mr. Shuster. OK. Well, know we are watching closely, and know that this problem has to be solved now, because the real damaging effects come down the road if it is not addressed----    Mr. Shuster . Today. So again, thank you for being here. Thank you all for being here.    Mr. Shuster. I also want to strongly associate myself with Mr. DeFazio, what he said. He has hit the nail right on the head. So I appreciate that.    But I also want to make sure that the record reflects that in my ATC reform it accomplishes everything that we want--that he wants, I think, too--except for it is not in a failed--the history of America has been failed Government corporations. And it takes it out of that. And we have seen around the world that this system will work. So I just want to make sure that stands in the record, too. Thank you.