    Dr. Lohoefener. Thank you for the question, Congressman Huffman. Well, one of the aspects I am proudest of over the last 8 years is the collaboration that has been built between the Bureau of Reclamation, National Marine Fisheries Service, California Department of Water Resources, and California Fish and Wildlife. That collaboration has led today to where we make much wiser decisions, but also to recognize----    Dr. Lohoefener. Implementation of the biological opinion only minimizes harm, it does not remove harm.    Dr. Lohoefener. Thank you for the question, Congressman Costa. The current biological opinion, the 2008 opinion, only addresses outflows for a fall outflow under wet conditions.    Dr. Lohoefener. In terms of summer outflow, there is nothing required in the opinion.    Dr. Lohoefener. The need is for habitat, so we are trying to take the habitat in the----    Dr. Lohoefener. Well, Congressman Costa, as usual, you are right. There are many threats out there: invasive species, both plants and animals, water quality, but unless you keep the habitat you need for the smelt, all those other factors are going to be moot.    Dr. Lohoefener. We need to keep the water, we need to keep habitat----    Dr. Lohoefener. As I think you know, Congressman, the Delta smelt is definitely on the brink of extinction this year.    Dr. Lohoefener. The state has been----    Dr. Lohoefener. The state has been doing surveys for Delta smelt for over 50 years now. We have greatly improved those in the last 10 years. If we see some----    Dr. Lohoefener. I believe if the surveys find Delta smelt still alive this year, then keeping the habitat and some----    Dr. Lohoefener. Sure. I will try. I am Ren Lohoefener, Regional Director for the Fish and Wildlife Service.    Actually, we tried that prior to 2008. We were under court orders, both National Marine Fish Reserves and Fish and Wildlife Service, to deliver opinions. Those court orders, unfortunately, did not allow us the time to mesh those opinions into one. I think both my colleague from NOAA Fisheries would agree, ideally, we will have one coordinated biological opinion. I hope that is the future.    Mr. Lohoefener. No, we are no longer under that opinion. As Congressman Huffman pointed out, those opinions have been reviewed and found to be valid. There is nothing that keeps us in the future from doing a coordinated single opinion.