    Dr. Hice. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank you for holding this hearing. For each of the witnesses again, I, as my other colleagues, thank you for being here.    I am a Member from the state of Georgia. And, obviously, my district is not directly impacted by the sage grouse, but certainly all of us are impacted in various ways from the Endangered Species Act and so forth.    Ms. Clarke, let me begin with you. You have provided some contrast between natural threats and the human impact of rural development, oil, gas, some of these other things, drilling. As it relates to the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service and the Bureau of Land Management, do you believe that the focus has been on the most important challenges of the sage grouse conservation?    Dr. Hice. OK. So are you saying then, the natural threats are the greatest threat?    Dr. Hice. OK. What significance would you say is human threat?    Dr. Hice. OK. So a fairly insignificant----    Dr. Hice . Amount, all together. All right. Let me expand this to each of you a little bit more.    One of the legal requirements of NEPA is that participation by the states and the public must be meaningful in order to provide the Federal Government the best information possible that they need for actions that impact the environment.    With that in mind, do you believe that your states have had the best chance to have meaningful participation in land use under NEPA? And we will just kind of go down the line with this.    Dr. Hice. OK, Mr. Miller.    Dr. Hice. If we can go rather quickly, I have another question I want to put out to you.    Dr. Hice. OK, good point. All right, thank you.    Dr. Hice. OK. I think my time is going to expire here real quickly. I will go back, Ms. Clarke, to you.    As far as the flexibility between state plans and the Federal plans, what is the comparison?    Dr. Hice. Can they override the state plans?    Dr. Hice. OK, thank you very much.    I see my time is about to go, Mr. Chairman. Thank you, and I yield back.    The Chairman. Thank you. All right. I get to ask some questions now, and they have to be brief answers. I have to get out of here, too.    So, just simply yes or no. Ms. Clarke, does the Utah plan deal in some way with wildfire?