    Mr. Royce. Thank you very much, Chairman Salmon.    And let me first say on behalf of our members here we have all visited Tainan and been in Taiwan and our hearts go out to the people of Taiwan, to the victims of this earthquake. Fifty-nine perished so far. Hundreds and hundreds have been injured. There is a great knowledge here in the United States in terms of how much the Taiwanese go to the rescue with volunteers all over the world after international incidents whenever an earthquake or some other disaster hits. We saw how quickly the authorities, but also how quickly the volunteers, rushed to the scene to begin to rescue people.    So we have traveled--our committee together since I have been chairman--has traveled three times down to Taiwan in the last 3 years. We visited Kaohsiung and we have visited Tainan, as I mentioned, and Taipei, of course, and we are just devastated to see the destruction. But the American people stand by the Taiwanese people in their time of need and we are ready to assist in any way we can.    Taiwan is one of our most important friends to the U.S. in the Asia Pacific and I know that supporting Taiwan is a critical issue for members of the Foreign Affairs Committee. As chairman, I have made the strengthening of this relationship with Taiwan one of the committee's top priorities.    I want to again congratulate the people of Taiwan for their free and fair elections last month. I think the U.S. and Taiwan share a very important commitment to democracy, to human rights, to the rule of law and these values, I think, serve as a bedrock to the U.S.-Taiwan relationship. And I think the election demonstrated the strength and vibrancy of Taiwan's democracy and their democratic system, hopefully serving as a model for other countries in the region.    Last year, Chairman Salmon joined me, as I said, in the delegation where we spent some time in Taipei working to strengthen the U.S.-Taiwan relationship. We met with the sitting President, Ma. We met with President-elect, Dr. Tsai Ing-wen, and as the Taiwan Government changes hands during its transition period it is important that the U.S. continues to emphasize its steadfast commitment to Taiwan and that the players in Taiwan also make responsible decisions that are in the best interest of the people of Taiwan.    A stable and prosperous Taiwan is, of course, in the best interests of the United States and that is why I look forward to working closely with President-elect Tsai's new government to strengthen all aspects of the U.S.-Taiwan bilateral relationship. And in particular I have a enthusiasm--I have long been an advocate for Taiwan's inclusion into the Trans-Pacific Partnership. Taiwan's economic security is just as important as its physical security, so its inclusion in the second round of the agreement will be critical to Taiwan's stability. I know that Dr. Tsai will be willing to do the work in Taiwan needed to seriously begin a bilateral investment agreement with the United States with an eye toward TPP and so I encourage the administration to work with the new government to create a pathway for Taiwan to be integrated into these trade deals.    I am also committed to upholding the letter and spirit of the Taiwan Relations Act, which has underpinned the relationship now for 37 years.    Last year, we worked tirelessly to pressure the administration to finally follow through with the arms sales that it had promised Taiwan. The sales were finally set in motion in December but I remain deeply skeptical about the administration's delays that needlessly drag out the arms sales process for Taiwan.    So over the next year both the U.S. and Taiwan will be working on these types of issues, and I thank Chairman Salmon again--he is among the strongest friends of the Taiwanese people--and I also thank Congressman Brad Sherman and the other members of this committee for their engagement on the issue of Taiwan.    I look forward to hearing from the witnesses.    Mr. Royce. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    You know, one of the issues that I have become concerned about over time is this issue of the lack of regularity or consistency in the discussions between U.S. and Taiwan on the Taiwan Relations Act requirements to provide for the articles for Taiwan's defense needs. I head the legislation to reaffirm the act that passed the House and transferred the four guided missile frigates to Taiwan and I have been down on some of those frigates, one of them, to see it outfitted and so we are moving forward. But there isn't any consistency to this dialogue, and under the act I would interpret it as sort of requiring that. So I would urge the administration to look at that. But there are a couple aspects of this. When you look at cyber attacks, no country is more targeted than Taiwan and so there is an area also where the United States, I think, has a certain responsibility to assist in helping Taiwan deter these cyber attacks.    I just give you an opportunity to comment on that, if you want. And then I know on the discussion to support Taiwan's indigenous submarine program with the Navy, is there a plan to allow the U.S. Navy and defense industries here to support Taiwan's indigenous program there?    Mr. Royce. And the F-16 issue that Mr. Sherman also raised, I think, is also of concern.    One of the objectives that I think we have all had who have looked at Taiwan's economic strength is that its inclusion in TPP would allow Taiwan greater diversification in terms of its exports of Kaohsiung and Tainan. You know, you see what they produce and also would allow for greater imports around the Pacific Rim and also, obviously, if Taiwan gets a seat at the table for the second round you could also help Taiwan protect its long-term interests should we do a trans-Atlantic agreement with Europe because then it could be folded in eventually, if it's folded into the Pacific Rim.    I assume the long-term goal here, as I understand it, is an agreement with very high standards and a high standard agreement serves the interest of the United States. There are really two different competing theories on liberalized trade.    One theory--for those who believe in trade--one theory is that you will try to drive policies of free trade and no standards. The United States doesn't benefit under that.    We benefit under the rule of law, the establishment of the rule of law. And in Taipei also, Taiwan is advantaged by high standard agreement.    Increasingly, as we travel--and I think we've had four trips of our delegation to Asia in the last 3 years--we hear this feedback across southeast Asia and east Asia that, you know, somebody needs to be pushing this concept to very high standards on intellectual property protections and all the indigenous innovation, all these issues that we're mutually concerned about and that the Europeans are also concerned about.    And if we get a major trans-Atlantic and Pacific Rim agreement we will have the ability to enforce that.    But if Taiwan doesn't have that seat at the table and doesn't get to diversify its imports and exports, then I think this would be problematic. That is why I keep encouraging our administration and the government to move forward on getting the base bilateral investment agreement done.    How do things look on that front?    Mr. Royce. Thank you, Ms. Thornton.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.