    Mr. Abe. Mr. Chairman and Members of the Subcommittee, thank you for the opportunity to discuss the Office of Inspector General's work concerning VA's purchased care programs.    I am accompanied by Mr. Larry Reinkemeyer, the Director of our Kansas City Audit Division.    VA's purchased care programs are critical to VA in carrying out its mission of providing medical care to our veterans. Our audits and other reviews have reported the challenges VA faces in authorizing, scheduling, and ensuring contractors provide medical records in support of services provided.    It has been challenging to conduct effective oversight of VA's purchased care programs because VA continues to make significant changes and additions to the programs. For example, we published four reports on PC3 in fiscal year 2015 that reviewed the effectiveness of PC3 in providing timely access to care.    We had planned to review the timeliness and accuracy of PC3 payments this fiscal year after providing VA sufficient time to process a significant number of claims to make reliable findings and conclusions. However, PC3 was soon followed by the Veterans Choice Program.    Nevertheless, we have started a quarterly review of paid Choice claims in order to meet the Choice Act requirement to submit a report on the timeliness and accuracy of payment of claims after 75 percent of the almost $10 billion of program funds are spent or when the program ends in August 2017.    This approach enables us to view the expenditure activity over time and helps assess whether VA's payment process is improving or worsening.    In September 2013, VA awarded Health Net and TriWest PC3 contracts. In October 2014, VA amended the PC3 contracts to include administration of the Veterans Choice Program. This is an important matter when evaluating VA's plan to align all non-VA care programs under the new Veterans Choice Program.    Since Health Net and TriWest have built their Choice provider network upon the backbone of the PC3 network, there are lessons that can be learned from the series of reports we issued in fiscal year 2015 addressing aspects of VA's implementation efforts.    All four PC3 reports identify issues with inadequate processes for submitting timely authorizations, scheduling appointments, returning the medical document for continuity of care, and the provider network that lacks sufficient numbers and mixes of health care providers in the geographic locations where veterans needed them.    Being a retired Army officer, I decided to seek care under the Veterans Choice Program. This was my first experience with VA health care. In July 2015, I visited my VA primary care provider and he ordered medical services that were not available timely from VA. For the first month, I was told I was not eligible for the Choice Program. Then in late August, I was told I was authorized for care and I would be notified of my appointment in three to five days. Months passed without a word.    On December 14th, I received a letter from Health Net saying that they had scheduled an appointment with a local provider. However, the appointment was for December 12th, two days earlier. This is what VA considers blind scheduling. So I was a no show on Health Net's records.    I called the Veterans Choice call center and I asked if I could call the provider to avoid another blind scheduled appointment. They said yes. I called the local provider and scheduled an appointment on December 29th, about 165 days or five and a half months after my visit with my primary care provider in July.    My experience is similar to the issues we identified in our PC3 and recent Veterans Choice reports. The obstacles I experienced are also similar to those that many veterans are calling in to our hotline and most likely your local congressional offices.    The complaints fall into the following general categories: program eligibility enrollment; the authorization process; appointments and scheduling; and veteran provider payments.    In conclusion, our recent work has shown that VA faces challenges in administrating its purchased care programs. While purchasing health care services may afford VA flexibility in terms of expanded access to care and services that are not readily available at VA medical facilities, it also poses a significant risk to VA, and more importantly, a great deal of frustration and risk to our veterans' health when adequate controls are not in place.    Without adequate controls, VA's consolidation plan is at an increased risk of not achieving its goal of delivering timely and efficient health care to our veterans.    Mr. Chairman, this concludes my statement. We would be happy to answer any questions you or the Members of the Subcommittee may have.    Mr. Abe. Well, there are a number of them. I think one of the things that VA has to do is effectively identify the veterans who are eligible for Choice. The other thing is that they also need to stabilize all these programs, because as has been discussed, there are so many non-VA care programs, different eligibility requirements, and different payment methodologies.    And they have continued over the years to produce a pilot, another pilot, and another pilot. And so it is very, very confusing out in the field to know how to pay claims and which veterans are eligible. I also think that if VA uses contractors, they need to hold these contractors accountable to the contract terms.    I think the biggest thing from the veterans' standpoint is that VA needs to minimize the veterans' requirements, that veterans have to jump through all these hoops to get this care. I think those are probably the major lessons and major obstacles that we currently face.    Mr. Abe. Just to summarize, I think I agree with Mr. Williamson in the sense that, you know, the IT solution is a real big obstacle, especially considering their past performance.    The other issue is that it really does take a lot of project management to do this. And, again, I think based on past experience, that has probably been inadequate.