    Mr. Loudermilk. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Dr. Griffin, I know during your tenure at NASA you put a lot of focus on international cooperation, but you were cautious about putting international partners on a critical path, especially from the lessons from the International Space Station program. What--I'm sorry. What recommendations would you have for the future Administrators regarding international cooperation?    Mr. Loudermilk. Right. Yes. I appreciate that. You know, growing up during the Apollo time period, NASA and those astronauts were an inspiration to me. And that--my life was surrounded by the idea that we were exploring the unknown, that we were doing something that a superpower does, that we were taking risks and we were beating the odds of things that people said that could not be done. There were more reasons that we could not go to the moon than there were that we could. But I think that helped define American exceptionalism is that we set our mind to do it and we did it. And I think that inspiration set us on a path to further greatness, and I know it inspired me. It inspired a lot of my schoolmates.    What can we do going forward so that our space exploration will have that type of impact on the generations that are following us? It seems--I know that there is a lack of inspiration, I think, in our education system because a lot of children are asking where are we going? What are we doing? What am I here for? At least during that time period of my life there was a destiny. We had a purpose.    And for Colonel or Dr. Griffin, anyone, will we ever see that time again?    Mr. Loudermilk. Yes.    Mr. Loudermilk. I was Air Force as well, so thank you.    Mr. Loudermilk. Right.    Mr. Loudermilk. That's right. I mean, and as I go back and look at movies such as The Right Stuff, and the one Tom Hanks did, the series, it--what it emphasized to me was the ingenuity beyond just the engineering but the thinking outside the box, the development of the lunar landing module, how we broke every other design because we needed to make it lighter. Whoever thought of a pilot standing up?    But these are the types of things that we just broke the mold and decided we're going to do it our way, and that's the type of thing I think that we need to see again, something to inspire this next generation to move forward and take what--the hearing we had yesterday was the discovery of magnetic waves. Well, one of the questions was how is that going to be a practical application? Well, my sense, the guys who discovered it are not going to be the ones who will take it and make a practical application, but it's the next generation that will take that discovery and then match that to something.    I applaud you for what you're doing. I still admire those who have the courage to break the surly bonds of Earth and go and explore the great unknown. Thank you.