    Mr. Moulton. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Gentlemen, thank you for being here. I just want to echo the chairman's comments that he began with, which were that I think that this is partly about conserving taxpayer dollars, which we know is incredibly important, especially in this budgetary environment, but even more importantly it is about responding to the next threats.    And you know, companies used to succeed in the light bulb industry by trying to be most efficient at making the light bulb for the least cost, and now companies succeed in that industry by being the quickest to develop the newest type of light bulb, to be the quickest into LED technology. I think in my long tenure of almost 11 months on the committee, I have been a strong advocate of cutting programs that we don't need and old systems and legacy systems so that we can invest that money in the new ones, which I think is incredibly important.    One of the things that we need to do more of, as you have said, is be willing to accept the fact that technology development does not just occur in the Department of Defense anymore. It occurs outside. And there seems to be a conflict between the desire to get more commercial-off-the-shelf technology, and the MIL standard requirements that this technology then has to meet.    And I think about how much more effective I would have been as an infantry officer on the battlefield if I could have used an iPhone. Now, if I were to get killed because my iPhone didn't meet that 100 percent requirement and failed at some point, there would be a lot of grief. But on the other hand, if we don't allow the iPhone on the battlefield for years because it can't meet that 100 percent requirement, a lot of people are going to die. And you might not see the news stories about it, but it will be a loss as well. So how do you think about better managing that conflict?    Mr. Moulton. So what can we do to try to fix that? I visited a company in my district that is developing an iPhone-based application or mobile-phone based application. And just out of curiosity I asked them why they had switched from the iPhone to the Android phone. And they said, well, the problem is it is harder to access the software on an iPhone. And I said ironically that sounds like a really good thing if you are in the Department of Defense, but obviously DOD does not have a good relationship with Apple; so in this case it might be harder to hack into an iPhone, but we are going with Android, and it is nothing against Android, but if that is true based on what they implied, it seems like a better partnership with Silicon Valley would help. What can we do to facilitate that?    Mr. Moulton. I just have 30 seconds. Dr. Chu, did you have a comment?    Mr. Moulton. Thank you.    Mr. Moulton. Thank you. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    The Chairman. Thank you. Mr. Scott.