    Ms. MENG. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and I want to welcome Congressman Chabot to Queens and to New York once again. I know it is not your first time, but we are especially privileged today to have you in our district, and hope you enjoy the view here as well.    Ms. MENG. Also, always happy to see my colleague and my friend, Congresswoman Velazquez. We share neighboring districts, and Congresswoman Velazquez, our ranking member on the entire Small Business Subcommittee, has the difficult job of representing parts of three boroughs. And so, any time we have you here in Queens, we are always so happy to see you. And thank you for advocating for our small businesses as well.    This is truly one of the best committees I think in Washington, D.C. We do try very hard, and are often successful, in working in a bipartisan manner on many issues. So thank you.    Ms. MENG. Promoting more trade opportunities for small businesses is absolutely essential to creating valuable jobs for New Yorkers. As we generate these new employment opportunities, we must do so in a way that provides a strong foundation for exporters. And this means focusing our attention on the challenges that New York small businesses face in attempting to export their goods. The New York metropolitan area is the second largest exporting market in the U.S. with over $105 billion in exports. As a result, exporting is the key to our growth, and we must take steps to build on its successes.    With 95 percent of all consumers living outside the U.S., trade is critical to small businesses. In fact, 96 percent of the nearly 33,000 exporters in New York are small firms, and with New York manufacturers selling over $68 billion worth of their products overseas, 80 percent of all New York exports, it becomes even more important to reduce the burdens they face while selling globally.    In 2014, these exports supported nearly 390,000 jobs, showing the real impact that trade can have not only on the livelihoods of many small business owners, but also on the State's economy. But even with these successes, it is clear that our businesses could sell even more goods to foreign customers. This is particularly important because small businesses that export have reported significant benefits, including increased profits and sales and a diversified and expanded customer base that provides stability.    Leveling this playing field is a challenging goal, and typically our country has tried to do so through free trade agreements. But more often than not, such accords have left something to be desired. While these free trade agreements benefit some U.S. companies, they often do so at the expense of other American companies.    Opening borders is just not enough. We also have to ensure that the rules are not overly burdensome and resources are available. While tools exist for business owners to utilize to increase their competitiveness abroad, action must be taken to make them more efficient. These resources include specialized programs that assist companies in selling their products in foreign markets. Individually, none of these programs are sufficient to shift the balance of the U.S. trade deficit. But when taken as a whole, these initiatives can play a useful role in stimulating exports.    Among the agencies providing services are the International Trade Administration, which through its U.S. export assistance centers can assist in identifying international customers, create market and trade strategies, and help with often complex foreign rules and paperwork requirements. Other agencies, including the SBA and Ex-Im Bank, provide specialized financing packages for U.S. exporters. These loans and lines of credit are often essential in completing a foreign transaction. Taken together, these programs provide the means for New Yorkers to identify and win foreign customers.    Regardless of the many challenges facing small exporters, one thing is certain. We need New York's exporters to be strong and ready to take advantage of any and all foreign market opportunities. As the second largest exporter in the U.S., the American economy is relying on us. Given this and the benefits that small businesses gain when they engage in international trade, it is clear that anything we can do to strengthen the ability of small business exporters to compete globally will come back to our State many times over.    I want to thank all of our witnesses in advance today, and I look forward to your testimony. I yield back.    Ms. MENG. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. It gives me great pleasure to introduce our witnesses for today's hearing. First, we have Mr. Pascual Castano, the business advisor at the New York State Small Business Development Center in Brooklyn. Mr. Castano advises his small business clients to develop their business plans and identify avenues for exporting goods and services. Prior to joining the SBDC, he worked as the director of new business development for a Columbian-based investment relations consultant firm.    We are also pleased to have Ms. Toni Corsini joining us. Ms. Corsini is a senior trade finance specialist and New York/New Jersey regional manager representing the SBA Office of International Trade at the U.S. Export Assistance Center in downtown New York City. Prior to joining the Federal government in 2008, Ms. Corsini held the position of vice president and manager of trade services, marketing, and communication for North America at a large global financial institution headquartered in New York City.    Ms. Corsini is well known in the business and banking communities, having spent over 40 years in trade finance as a vice president for commercial banks in both New York State and New Jersey, and as an export manager in the manufacturing sector. Ms. Corsini has conducted international trade finance classes and courses for many years for high-profile corporations, and continues to conduct trade finance courses for educational institutions in New York and New Jersey. Ms. Corsini holds degrees in business management and in banking.    Thank you both for joining us today.    Ms. MENG. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. So unfortunately, Cassidy Schultz Brush, the founder of Urban Chandy, who is one of our local New York businesses, could not be with us today. But, Ms. Castano, I believe you worked closely with her on providing export assistance that she needed for her business to succeed. Can you share with us some of the initial questions that she had or came up with, and how exporting helped her business overall?    Ms. MENG. How long would you say it took from the initial moment that she wanted to start shipping overseas to when it actually happened? What was the time frame?    Ms. MENG. Ms. Corsini, what is the most common problem you hear about from New York's exporters?    Ms. MENG. I yield back.    Ms. MENG. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I have a follow-up question based off of what Ranking Member Velazquez asked. So several Federal agencies offer these different export promotion programs. You mentioned trade missions, foreign-based matchmaking fairs. The STEPP Program you mentioned. At the local level, are you seeing New York-based businesses actively participating in these trade missions? Do you feel that, and either of you can answer, that you have enough resources to be able to reach out to the diverse communities that we have discussed?    Staff, for example, maybe with multilingual abilities. You have mentioned good Web sites and links. Are there ways to access in different languages with different communities? I am just curious.    Ms. MENG. Are there plans to have other languages?    Ms. MENG. Thank you.    Ms. MENG. I also want to thank you as part of a larger SBDC family for helping so many of the entrepreneurs and small business owners in our district, Congressional District 6. We unfortunately do not have a center of our own, and while you are front of me, I would like to continue to push for your support----    Ms. MENG. Right, more funding.    Thank you, Congresswoman Chabot, for being here. So thank you also in advance for continuing to help our small business owners.    Ms. MENG. I yield back.