    Mr. Bridenstine. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Dr. Curry, you're the professor and former chair of the School of Earth and Atmospheric Sciences at the Georgia Institute of Technology, Georgia Tech. You have a Ph.D. in atmospheric science from the University of Chicago. Prior to joining the faculty at Georgia Tech, you had faculty positions at the University of Colorado, Penn State University, and Purdue University.    There are a lot of us probably especially on this side of the aisle who are confused because during this conversation we have heard that climate change has caused snowpack in some States, it has caused drought in other States, it has caused extreme weather, you know, experiences in other States. I come from Oklahoma. We know what extreme weather is. This is very confusing to us, that climate change is causing these vast changes, you know, I guess weather events. And really when you're talking about States that are next door to each other in one State it's causing snowpack, in the next-door State it's causing drought, can you share with us what your professional judgment is on that analysis?    Mr. Bridenstine. Thank you for your analysis. I think you have pretty much answered it.    I'd like to direct my questions to Ms. Harbert. By the way, welcome from a fellow Rice Owl. It's good to see you here.    In your opinion, how much--or if you know--you probably have the facts--how much coal-fired power generation in the United States--will the United States lose under the EPA's latest most recent round of power plant regulations? I have heard it is about 100 gigawatts. Is that your assessment as well?    Hon. Harbert. Well, we already know that between 2012 and 2016, so we are almost at the end of that period, that close to 60 gigawatts of closures have already been announced and are underway. Beyond that, we expect and we see announcements every day of an additional 40 to 50 gigawatts. So your number is accurate. That's taking a tremendous amount of power off of the system with little plan to replace it with anything sustainable.    Mr. Bridenstine. So one of the things I'm hearing is that that's about one third of total coal-fired capacity in our country. Is your analysis similar? Is that about right?    Hon. Harbert. That's accurate.    Mr. Bridenstine. Okay. For my State of Oklahoma we derive most of our electricity from coal, and those coal-fired power plants are being shuttered. Can you explain for my constituents at home what this means to their electricity prices?    Hon. Harbert. Absolutely. In the State of Oklahoma the estimate is that the prices of electricity under this proposal would go up between 18 and 21 percent, 21 percent at the peak. Now, it's very important to understand that 21 percent is on top of what is already forecast by EIA of an 18 percent increase. So you're looking at a huge increase in Oklahoma, and particularly when you're looking at 55 percent of the households in Oklahoma contribute more than 20 percent of their income, they are low-income households, this is going to hit 55 percent of those the hardest.    Mr. Bridenstine. So it hurts the poor the most?    Hon. Harbert. It hurts the poor and the elderly the worst.    Mr. Bridenstine. So anything about current and proposed regulations, the Clean Power Plan, CAFE standards, among others, these lead to necessary reductions to achieve the United States--will these achieve the United States' intended nationally determined contribution?    Hon. Harbert. Today, we're enjoying low electricity prices and low natural gas prices. These proposals will eliminate that comparative advantage and still not meet the goals that are laid out in the INDC.    Mr. Bridenstine. If we're to reach our commitments of 26 to 28 percent reduction, will that mean also shuttering natural gas-fired power plants?    Hon. Harbert. With the multitude of regulations, including ozone, you're not going to be able to build at new capacity, so that won't even shutter ones. It will not allow you to build new ones. So we are looking at a very big different economy by 2025. And I think you should note that 40 percent of the commitment the Administration made in their INDC, they have not accounted for how they are going to reach it, so more to come.    Mr. Bridenstine. My constituents have been very concerned about coal. This shocks me that they also need to be worried about natural gas-fired power plants.    With that, Mr. Chairman, I'm out of time and I will yield back.