    Ms. Jackson Lee. Thank you very much, Mr. Director, and thank you for your service. I would like to explore a line of questioning, because I think it's important to discern the responsibilities of your office versus the State Department and how we can be helpful, the Congress, and particularly this Committee. Let me follow a line of questioning of my colleague from Texas regarding the lengthy backlog and to cite, again, the 450,000 cases of which are backlogged, and an individual on the nondetained immigration docket might have to wait up to 4 years.    Certainly, I am from the Southern District of Texas, and I know the immigration courts there. This delay means that people with potential claims for immigration relief remain in limbo throughout the pendency of the immigration court process. This affects vulnerable populations such as children, asylum seekers, and other immigrants hoping to obtain immigration relief, and they are in the legal system because they are trying to go into court. What solution do you propose to resolve the staggering immigration court backlog, and how can Members of Congress, in particular, help the EOIR office?    And I have a series of questions. I'm going to let you briefly answer those, but I'd like to go onto some other questions.    Ms. Jackson Lee. And you have a capacity for how many?    Ms. Jackson Lee. Well, why don't you help us out. You have 319, but you're at a smaller number right now. Is that correct? You have 250 judges?    Ms. Jackson Lee. I think you have some good news about those that have been approved? How many have been approved to be added to that?    Ms. Jackson Lee. And the President asked that you mentioned in your opening statement as well?    Ms. Jackson Lee. And that would make a sizable difference as well?    Ms. Jackson Lee. And I would imagine that--we are not getting into personnel matters--you are going to sort of review your immigration judges to make sure that they are both hearing cases and ruling? I think that's an important oversight as well. Will you engage in that?    Ms. Jackson Lee. Let me move to a situation I think should be clear. First of all, refugees coming into the country are handled by the State Department. But if I was online, one of those cases, and I was seeking asylum, we know that you would have a hearing before the immigration judge. But that is not the final decision. Would you explain, after that hearing before an immigration judge, what then, what process goes forward to ensure that that person is not a national security threat?    Ms. Jackson Lee. So there are layers that are added to a judge's original hearing that add to our security. Let me quickly ask this question. Does your agency have a plan for addressing concerns about their expedited review of prioritized cases such as those involving children and those who are detained criminally?    And would you like to highlight the new policy change that you are--that I understand that you may be suggesting from 21 days to 90 days?    Ms. Jackson Lee. Is that for the unaccompanied children?    Ms. Jackson Lee. Not impacting criminal individuals?    Ms. Jackson Lee. And I think that's important to clarify. And you're doing that because stakeholders find it was complicated to get all the facts together for the children?    Ms. Jackson Lee. I think all of us would appreciate that--thank you, Mr. Chairman. I will finish on this note. I think all of us would appreciate that children are vulnerable and children do need more legal protection and more time. And it's not whether the children are not within the purview of the courts or HHS, in the instance of their detaining, but it is to give them more rights so that decisions can be more adequate as to the ultimate resolution.    Would that be the correct assumption?    Ms. Jackson Lee. With that, Mr. Chairman, I yield back. Thank you.    Ms. Jackson Lee. Mr. Chairman, can I just put----    Ms. Jackson Lee. Mr. Chairman, can I put these in the record before you go forward? Thank you for your kindness. I have a meeting.    I would like to add to the record by unanimous consent, Mr. Chair, a letter, statement from the immigration--excuse me, American Immigration Council, underfunding of immigration courts undermines justice. And a second document, Executive Office for Immigration Review, unaccompanied children priority for adjudication. I ask unanimous consent to put these items into the record.    Ms. Jackson Lee. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.