    Mr. Buck. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Landry, have you ever prosecuted a case?    Mr. Buck. Have you ever prosecuted a case?    Mr. Buck. Yes.    Mr. Buck. Does your office prosecute cases?    Mr. Buck. Mr. Horowitz, did you ever prosecute a case?    Mr. Buck. Ms. Gupta, have you ever prosecuted a case?    Mr. Buck. Okay. And, Mr. Landry, who is your client?    Mr. Buck. The people of the State of the Louisiana?    Mr. Buck. Mr. Horowitz, when you prosecuted cases, who was your client?    Mr. Buck. And, Ms. Gupta, when you prosecuted cases, who was your client?    Mr. Buck. Okay. In your opening, Ms. Gupta, you say, police officers--this is the top of page 4 in your written submission, police officers cannot solve crimes and therefore cannot help victims prosecute criminals or help Federal law enforcement deport violent criminals if victims and witnesses feel afraid to share information.    Mr. Landry, why would a victim or witness feel afraid to share information?    Mr. Buck. Okay. Well, how about if they are in this country illegally and they share information and they are asked about their status in this country, would they feel afraid to share information perhaps for that reason? They could be deported or held if they were in the country illegally when they reported a case?    Mr. Buck. Okay. Mr. Horowitz, could someone feel afraid to report a crime because they, in fact, are committing a crime themselves?    Mr. Buck. Okay. Well, let's go further, because it has been a while since I prosecuted a case also, so let's dig deep into the recess of our memory here.    Mr. Horowitz, let me ask you something. Is it an allowable part of cross-examination to ask a victim or witness a question that would determine their motive for testifying or reporting a crime?    Mr. Buck. Okay. But your interpretation of law is--the rules of evidence in a broad sense, that would be allowed----    Mr. Buck . To question about motive? How about veracity?    Mr. Buck. Okay. And so if somebody were to report a crime and yet they had committed a crime or they had a motive, for example, a U Visa, if they wanted to stay in the country--you understand what U Visas are. It allows a prosecutor to apply to immigration authorities to allow someone to stay in this country if they are a victim or witness of a crime. It would be fair to inquire of that person whether they had committed a crime themselves by being in the country illegally in order to get a full picture about the prosecutory merits of a case, would it not?    Mr. Buck. Okay. So, Mr. Landry, let me ask you something. When the Department of Justice, the civil rights division, decides that they are going to protect one group of individuals who are committing crimes in this country and make sure that we are not prosecuting another group of individuals, are they in fact choosing which type of criminal they want prosecuted in Louisiana, in New Orleans?    Mr. Buck. And why would someone do that, politically? What is the political advantage of doing something like that?    Mr. Buck. No, you wouldn't, because it is unethical, isn't it?    Mr. Buck. If you believe that you are, in fact, not enforcing the laws, or if you enter into a consent decree and you are not representing your client, the people of the United States, the people who are being victimized, that would be unethical conduct, would it not?    Mr. Buck. Mr. Horowitz, do you agree with that?    Mr. Buck. Okay. I yield back.