    Mrs. Lummis. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Thank you, Director McCarthy, for being here. Let me set up a scenario.    A number of years ago, there was a water treatment plant that was actually downstream that was treating the water from this mine. About 10 years ago, there was a storm; it was damaged, it needed to be replaced. A decision was made not to replace it, not to treat the water that was coming down.    Next, EPA and the state of Colorado created a plan to clean up the mine, rather than just treat the water going downstream. So, they blocked off the flow of water from drainpipes in the mine. When they plugged the drainpipes, the water built up into a huge wall of water in the mine; and that was a significant cause of the blowout last month.    So, rather than replace the treatment plant downstream that was providing cleaned-up water to the Utes and the Navajos, the decision was made, ``No, let's not treat it, let's block the drains, store the water in the mine.'' When it built up, it spilled out. It goes downstream.    Then, Bureau of Reclamation dumps a ton of water downstream that should have been available to the tribes to irrigate with and to keep water flows such that endangered species can remain viable. To me, this looks like a chain of events that was foreseeable and avoidable.    Now, it was the Gold King Mine's owner that asserted that the buildup of water in the mine, when you plugged the drains, was a contributor to the blowout. Do you have any reason to disagree with that?    Mrs. Lummis. OK. So now that we know that the Southern Ute tribe has already spent at least $170,000 responding to the spill----    Mrs. Lummis . Who is going to reimburse them?    Mrs. Lummis. How does the Federal Tort Claims Act help the Navajo? They lost a huge amount of irrigating water, which can have long-term devastating effects if drought continues and they do not have the water now or in the future. How can they be made whole?    Mrs. Lummis. My time has expired. But, Mr. Chairman--might I ask that I have an opportunity to meet with you, Director McCarthy, about what you and I perceive as a different----    Mrs. Lummis . Scenario with regard to the cause and effect, the chain of events that led to this?    Mrs. Lummis. Thank you.    Mrs. Lummis. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I do.    The Chairman. Go for it.    Mrs. Lummis. I appreciate your accommodation. Thank you all for attending. I, of course, had an opportunity to ask Director McCarthy some questions this morning, and I would like to pose some of those same questions to you. I am going to start with Mr. Flynn.    Could you explain to me how the EPA's lack of communication affected your ability to respond?    Mrs. Lummis. OK. Councilor Olguin--and excuse me if I mispronounced your name--welcome to our committee. Could you tell us generally how the disaster has affected the Southern Ute Tribe?    Mrs. Lummis. OK. President Begaye, same question. How has the disaster affected the Navajo Nation? Also, do you have any estimates at this point how much you think it will cost to fix it, to return you to the pre-spill condition?    Mrs. Lummis. Has either tribe received any initial compensation for direct out-of-pocket expenses incurred by either tribe immediately after the incident?    Mrs. Lummis. So, you are working on something that is in the nature of ongoing compensation, or is the Federal Government demanding that it be a complete settlement, cutting off future reimbursement or compensation for injury? Has anyone approached you about those kinds of proposals?    Mrs. Lummis. OK.    Mrs. Lummis. My time has expired, Mr. Chairman. Thank you for your accommodation of my questions.    The Chairman. You are welcome. Mr. Grijalva. You are the second-to-the-last question.