    Mr. Hunter. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Gentlemen, thank you for being here. Mr. Secretary, it is great to see you in your new position.    So three things.    First one is this: When it comes to acquisition reform, one of the best ways to do it, I think, is, instead of doing a process or policy change, which we do every year, part of the--if you can use technology and actually change the system itself.    For instance, you have testing. It takes months to test our systems, whether you are talking F-35 or an Aegis test. It takes forever.    There is now a programmatic line in your budget request that we are going to match and hopefully put more money in. It is a new way to test, where you can test your Aegis cruisers on the spot, literally on the spot as they are out there in the water and see if they are going to work or not.    That has met with fierce resistance, even in SPAWAR in San Diego, where they say, ``We have entire departments that are testing departments.'' That is what they do. You have entire departments that spend years and years simply testing. They aren't happy about things like this that really disrupt the system and cause reform just because of the nature of the technology, if that makes sense.    So I would encourage this committee and you to, instead of just doing policy reforms, working within the system and technology to put in systems that reform no matter what. Because people can't stop it, right? If it is faster, it takes fewer people.    There is major pushback, because you have literally tens of thousands of people within DOD and OSD who test. That is their job. They don't like it. That is the first thing.    Number two, we talked about ISIS in Syria and Iraq and our coalition partners.    You have Jordan, for instance. Jordan, I have talked to them. I have written the President letters. We have MQ-1s and MQ-9s in warehouses, even if--and we have the Exportable Predator, too, the XP. Even if you would change the ITAR rules and State approves this stuff, it will take a year or two to get these in the hands of the Jordanians.    You have to deal them with the qualitative military edge issue with Israel, because the Jordanians would then own those aircraft. A fix to this, I think, is taking some of the aircraft that we have now that are in warehouses, letting the Jordanians fly them and basically having the contractor that makes the Predator, have them recover and launch and have them do it.    So then the Jordanians don't own them, there is no QME problem, and they are able to use that now. And they are requesting this now. The king has requested this, his ambassador has requested this, and their military liaisons here in the U.S. have requested this, too.    Just want to run that by you. What do you think?    Mr. Hunter. Thank you.    And the last thing is, I am going to have a piece of legislation, due to all the hostages that we have had taken in Iraq and Syria and Afghanistan. We kind of have--it is on an unprecedented level to have so many hostages taken in places where we don't have a big FBI contingency, where the FBI can't do it.    The FBI still has purview over hostages, anywhere in the world. So, even if they only have 3 agents at the embassy in Iraq, or 12 agents, whatever, they don't have the ability that JSOC has, that any of our special operators or just big Army, big Marine Corps, whoever.    I think that there needs to be a buck-stops-here person. Your predecessor, Mr. Secretary, put in Mike Lumpkin, who was the ASD SO/LIC . He became the hostage guy during the Bergdahl case, at our recommendation.    And we also recommended this, that there be a buck-stops-here person that answers to the President. So that person, whether they choose the FBI or the CIA or the DIA or DOD, whoever has the most resources to bring to bear for that particular hostage case, I think that is the way we should go, and we can maybe recover a few of these hostages, which we haven't done yet.    Just wonder if you could comment on that. Thank you.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.