    Mr. Katko. The Committee on Homeland Security, Subcommittees on Transportation Security and Counterterrorism and Intelligence, will come to order.    The subcommittees are meeting today to hear testimony on our ability to safeguard our Nation's surface transportation systems against evolving terrorist threats. I now recognize myself for an opening statement.    I would like to welcome everyone to today's hearing. I am pleased to be joined by fellow New York delegation Members Chairman Peter King, Ranking Member Kathleen Rice, and Ranking Member Brian Higgins to talk about a topic that is so vital to the State of New York.    Protecting our Nation's surface transportation systems requires full cooperation and participation at the Federal, State, local, and individual levels. An attack on any of our surface transportation systems not only disrupts the local economy and infrastructure, but would have a ripple effect to cities across our Nation. For example, in my own district in Syracuse, New York, we have a freight line that runs through our downtown area and provides critical economic benefit to the region.    The purpose of today's hearing is to assess our ability and readiness to detect and disrupt threats to our Nation's critical surface transportation systems.    Before we begin, I would like to express my pride and admiration for the four Americans that, through unrivaled acts of courage and bravery, were able to thwart a terrorist attack aboard a Paris-bound train on August 21, 2015. The heroic actions of these four men--Mark Moogalian, a teacher originally from Midlothian, Virginia; Anthony Sadler, a senior at Sacramento State University; Air Force Airman First Class Spencer Stone; and Oregon Army National Guard Specialist Alek Skarlatos--saved countless lives. They really represent the best of what America has to offer.    However, it is our responsibility to the American people to do all that we can to defend them against such heinous acts, and the American people should not be put in a position requiring them to defend their lives while riding a train, subway, or bus to vacation, commute to work, or simply to run an errand.    Since September 11, 2001, many people have come to think of a terrorist attack against the United States as one which is an elaborate scheme against a hardened target. Increasingly, however, the terrorists and their sympathizers are choosing soft targets. The Charlie Hebdo attack in Paris, the military recruiting centers attack in Chattanooga, and now the train attack in Paris are just a few of such examples.    I look forward to hearing from our witnesses today on their perspectives on the state of rail and mass transit security, to identify progress made since the terrorist attacks on September 11, and assess any remaining shortfalls and how to address them.    I ask unanimous consent to insert into the record a letter I sent to Administrator Neffenger from the Transportation Security Administration expressing my concern over the vulnerable state of security of our Nation's surface transportation systems. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. Katko. I now recognize a Member of the Subcommittee on Transportation Security, the gentlewoman from New York, Miss Rice, for an opening statement.    Miss Rice. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Thank you for convening this hearing. I also want to thank the witnesses for joining us here today to discuss the evolving threats to our Nation's surface transportation system.    Since the beginning of the 114th Congress, this subcommittee has mainly focused its attention on aviation security. But with all modes of surface transportation carrying well over 10 billion passengers each year and more than 2.5 million miles of pipeline carrying hazardous liquids and natural gases, I am confident we can all agree that surface transportation security is equally as important. So I am pleased to have the opportunity today to address the security challenges facing the surface transportation sector as we assess the evolving threats of terrorism.    Last month, four individuals, including three brave Americans, thwarted a potential mass shooting when a man carrying a machine gun and a knife boarded a high-speed train traveling from Amsterdam to Paris. That should serve as a vivid reminder to us all that the threat of terrorism is just as real on our trains as it is on our planes, and we must be prepared to confront and neutralize that threat wherever we may find it.    We must work together to rigorously assess our surface transportation systems and ensure that we have adequate procedures in place to respond to a terrorist attack on an American pipeline or mass transit system. We must have reliable, comprehensive security plans in place for a wide range of scenarios. We must have seamless communication between Government entities and transit agencies. We must continue to encourage the public to be vigilant at all times, because, as we saw last month in France, that can be the difference between life and death.    I am very eager to hear what both the TSA and the private sector are doing to guarantee the safety of our citizens, not only those who travel on our mass transit systems, but also those who live near pipelines and freight railroads, as well as those who travel every day on our highways.    I am also eager to hear what front-line security training has currently provided to our transit system workers, given that TSA has not yet fulfilled the statutory mandate that they develop and implement security training requirements for public transportation rail and bus workers.    In July, Ranking Member Thompson and I asked GAO to review TSA's surface inspection program. Specifically, we asked about the roles and responsibilities of those inspecting surface transportation, how the structure of the inspection program aligns with TSA's mission, and what steps are being taken to measure its effectiveness. I look forward to seeing the results of that review upon its completion, and I would welcome any additional information about those questions that our witnesses could provide today.    Mr. Chairman, thank you again for convening this hearing. I look forward to a productive dialogue today. I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Katko. Thank you, Miss Rice.    The Chair now recognizes the Chairman of the Subcommittee on Counterterrorism and Intelligence, Mr. King, for any statement he may have.    Mr. Katko. Thank you very much.    Mr. Katko. Thank you, Mr. King.    The Chair now recognizes the Ranking Minority Member of the Subcommittee on Counterterrorism and Intelligence, Mr. Higgins, for any statement he may have.    Mr. Katko. Thank you, Mr. Higgins.    Other Members of the committee are reminded that opening statements may be submitted for the record.    Mr. Katko. We are pleased to have with us today a group of distinguished witnesses to speak on this very important topic. Let me remind the witnesses that their entire written statements will appear in the record. I simply want to caution you that we are going to be interrupted at some point for votes today. So the more brief the opening statements, it would be probably most productive for us. So I would appreciate you accommodating us on that.    Our first witness today is Mr. Eddie Mayenschein, who serves as assistant administrator in the Office of Security Policy and Industry Engagement at the Transportation Security Administration. Previously, Mr. Mayenschein served as an executive at United Airlines and was vice president of flight operations for Ameriflight, the world's largest Part 135 airline.    The Chair now recognizes Mr. Mayenschein to testify.    Mr. Katko. Thank you, Mr. Mayenschein, for your testimony. We appreciate you being here today.    Our second witness is well-known to us, Ms. Jennifer Grover, who currently serves as the director for transportation security and Coast Guard issues on U.S. Government Accountability Office's Homeland Security and Justice Team.    Ms. Grover, I just want to note that you have provided great information for us in both a secure and a nonsecure setting in the past, and I look forward to hearing from it again today. I encourage you, as always, to be as frank and forthright as possible with issues so that we can best address them moving forward.    So what that, I recognize you to testify.    Mr. Katko. Thank you, Ms. Grover, for your testimony. We appreciate you taking the time to be here today as well.    Our third witness is Mr. Raymond Diaz, who is currently serving as the director of security at the Metropolitan Transportation Authority. Previously, Mr. Diaz served as chief of the Transit Bureau with the New York City Police Department.    The Chair now recognizes Mr. Diaz to testify.    Mr. Katko. Thank you, Mr. Diaz, for your testimony and for being here today.    Our fourth witness is Chief Polly Hanson, who serves as Amtrak chief of police, overseeing more than 500 law enforcement officers and civilians across the Nation. Previously, Chief Hanson served for 27 years at the Metro Transit Police, rising to the position of chief of police and director of Office of Law Enforcement and Security at the U.S. Department of Interior.    Ms. Hanson, I will note, and for the rest of the panel, that our votes have been called. So after your testimony, we will take a break to go do the votes and then reconvene.    Mr. Katko. Thank you, Ms. Hanson.    There is a series of three votes. We anticipate it being--the first vote is just about ready to be expired. So we have got to roll. We have two 5-minute votes after that. As soon as the last vote is done, we will start here again in 10 minutes. So without objection, the committee and subcommittee is in recess subject to the call of the chair.    Mr. Katko. The Subcommittees on Transportation Security and Counterterrorism and Intelligence will come to order. I now recognize myself for 5 minutes to ask questions.    I want to make kind-of an overarching observation first before I get into some questions, and that is I am very mindful of the surface transportation attacks that have occurred overseas in Europe, the tragedy of them from years ago until more recently and the attempts more recently. It does make me conclude that we are vulnerable to that in this country as well.    It was compounded when I went to Penn Station recently and took a tour there, and just the sheer mass of people there on a regular basis, and the different entry points and the different trains that are there, the different agencies that are there, Amtrak and Metro-North, and the subways and everything else. It just really does, I shudder to think what a tragedy that could happen there, just like you think about in airports.    The difference between the rails and airports are that airports have a tremendous amount of scrutiny to them right now and a tremendous amount of security. I am concerned that the surface transportation system is lacking in the amount of security that it needs. But I am interested to hear from the viewpoints of all of you that are on the front lines every day, particularly Mr. Diaz and Ms. Hanson and Mr. Mayenschein. Also your observations, Ms. Grover, throughout your testimony with others today, as to what you think can be done better.    So I guess to start out with Mr. Diaz and Ms. Hanson, since you have been on the front lines for most of your careers, if not all of them, that you kind-of give me your observation of what you think the overall state of security is and what you think needs to be done moving forward. We can start with Ms. Hanson, if you would please.    Mr. Katko. Yes. We could be here all day really discussing it. It is unfair to ask you to summarize it so quickly, but that is the time we have.    Just in my time left, Mr. Diaz, if you could briefly respond to my question?    Mr. Katko. Thank you, Mr. Diaz.    Of course, I have a thousand more questions I could ask, but I am going to respect the clock here as best I can. The Chair now recognizes the Ranking Minority Member of the subcommittee, the gentlelady from New York, Miss Rice, for any questions she may have.    Miss Rice. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Diaz, I just want to start with you, Mr. Diaz. The New York subway system, I would say, arguably, right, is considered larger than most of those, any other passenger rail systems in terms of passengers per day. How many people, what is the number, 8 million?    Mr. Katko. Without objection, so ordered.    The Chair now recognizes the Chairman of the Subcommittee on Counterterrorism and Intelligence, the esteemed gentleman from New York, Mr. King, for any questions he may have. He told me to say ``esteemed'' by the way.    Mr. Katko. Thank you, Mr. King.    The Chair now recognizes the Ranking Minority Member of the Subcommittee on Counterterrorism and Intelligence, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Higgins, for any questions he may have.    Mr. Katko. Thank you, Mr. Higgins.    The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Texas, Mr. Ratcliffe.    Mr. Katko. Thank you, Mr. Ratcliffe.    The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from New Jersey Mr. Payne.    Mr. Chair, I will yield back.    Mr. Katko. Thank you, Mr. Payne.    The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Rhode Island, Mr. Langevin.    Mr. Katko. Thank you, Mr. Langevin.    Before we conclude, there are a couple of overarching observations that I want to make. No. 1 is that, when I was at the 9/11 museum last Monday, September 8, for our field hearing, there was much discussion about the fact that people forget about 9/11 outside of New York City because they think that the terrorist threat is just focused on New York City. I know much of our testimony today was about New York City.    But it is pretty clear to me and it is pretty clear to the committee that a terrorist threat is Nation-wide, and we can't stress enough the importance of having a discussion about Nation-wide threats. We have had a lot of discussion about New York and a little bit about Washington, but it is a Nation-wide threat, and I know you are all aware of that. But I just want the public to understand that it is not limited to New York City by any stretch of the imagination. The recent lone-wolf attacks we have seen in Chattanooga and elsewhere bear that out.    So it is a concern going forward that the diligence and the competence and the professionalism that is displayed in the major urban areas needs to be branched out to the other areas. It is a discussion we need to continue to have. I know with the resources the way they are, that is a major concern. So I am sure we will have more discussions about that going forward.    The other thing is, Ms. Grover, you didn't have a lot of opportunity to speak today, and some people are relieved with that and some people are not when you are a witness. But I will tell you that your reports are always extremely well done and we do read them and we do digest them and we do learn from them. So please keep up the good work that you are doing. Appreciate it.