    Ms. Schneck. Thank you. Chairman Hurd, Chairman Ratcliffe, Ranking Member Kelly, Ranking Member Richmond, and members of these committees, thank you for the opportunity to testify today. And thank you as well for all the support that all of your committee continue to provide to the Department of Homeland Security, most recently in the Cybersecurity Act of 2015, which was discussed earlier. Because of that legislation, we will be able to, at the Department, with our industry partners, with our interagency partners, and global partners, share cyber threat information more rapidly, and in near real time.    We appreciate the critical part that export controls play in ensuring that bad-intentioned people do not get their hands on good technology to hurt others. We also appreciate the concerns expressed by our partners and mentioned in previous testimony that show how some of these controls that are talked about today can actually potentially hurt cybersecurity efforts.    So based on these concerns raised by industry and the potential impact on the Nation's cybersecurity, the Department of Homeland Security believes that the interagency together should reexamine the merits of the proposed rule. DHS plays an increasing role in cyber and in export control. And we seek a balance between getting to that right place in protecting dual-use technology, and also incorporating the best expertise globally and protecting our cyber infrastructure from the very rapid change that we see and the sophistication of the actors of which I and others have testified before you.    In my experience, before the 2-plus years I've spent at the Department, I was in private industry. I experienced product design. I experienced research. I experienced threat dissemination and sharing with both other private sector colleagues and companies, as well as our interagency partners in government, as well as around the world. That is the best thing that we can do to protect our cyber infrastructures is, as the Cybersecurity Act that you just gave us allows us to do, put threat pictures together, put indicators together, work with the smart people around the world at the speed of light, in the speed of cybersecurity that our adversaries are operating in.    We hear a lot about the Internet of things. That means that almost anything you can see and touch has a computer processor in it in the future. That means that all those things are exposed to cybersecurity vulnerabilities. And that means we need the power of speed to put that story together, to disseminate it rapidly, to share research, and design products that protect better. We need the collaboration.    In this environment, researchers and developers need to be able to work together with alacrity. They need that in the government. We need it in the private sector. And we need to be able to work together at the very speed and hopefully greater than that speed at which our adversaries are working today. A good example of how the Department works was in the Heartbleed episode in April, 2 years ago. The Department of Homeland Security received information from another government that there was a vulnerability in an open source encryption algorithm, as you well know. We were able to, through our United States Computer Emergency Response Team, disseminate that information internationally. Our CERT works, that's the Computer Emergency Response Team, our CERT works with over 300 different CERTs internationally to get that information out there.    Our cybersecurity companies and our private sector are global. Our government needs to work with other governments. The U.S. has taken a leadership role because of our ability to share and collaborate and push cybersecurity and cyber threat information out as far as we can. And companies and governments need these tools and need to be enabled to have the same alacrity with which our adversaries are enabled.    Our adversary works, as I mentioned before, without lawyers. They have plenty of money. They have no boundaries. And as was mentioned earlier, we want to bypass jurisdictional roadblocks. We thank you for that. We in cybersecurity need to bypass competitive roadblocks. We need to bypass time roadblocks. And we need to be able to collaborate, again, without interruption.    Cybersecurity is a joint effort, involving government, private sector, and academia. We welcome the chance to work together, our three agencies, our entire administration, the interagency, with all of our government partners to ensure, again, our global leadership in cybersecurity, our global ability to share this threat information. This is the main thing our adversaries cannot do. This is the product set that our companies can build for us. This is the ability for us as a government to leverage all that innovation in the private sector and push it forward.    And our position is we would like to, as an interagency together, reexamine the merits of that rule by striking a very good balance, getting it right, ensuring that we have all the benefits of the hard work that's done in export control, but also ensuring that cybersecurity doesn't stop. Anything we do to delay the collaboration between any smart mind that we can find, human or machine, enables our adversary. So thank you. And I look forward to your questions.    Ms. Schneck. Schneck.    Ms. Schneck. Close enough.    Ms. Schneck. So we provided technical insights. Our Office of Science and Technology holds our export controls portfolio, which includes Wassenaar. Where I sit, which is a different directorate, the national protection and programs directorate, provided some technical advice. We've had a challenge in finding a way to adopt export controls in a way that supports, again, our national security without affecting our homeland security cybersecurity operations that I oversee and the technology----    Ms. Schneck. So, thank you for your question. I would defer a lot of the legal around that to my colleagues from Commerce and State, but I'll give you a technical explanation. So the great legislation that you gave us enabled our operation center, the National Cybersecurity and Communications Integration Center, the NCCIC, to be the Center of Threat Indicator Collections with all the best use of private and civil liberties to get it right. But to get the cyber indicators together so that we can create a good contextual picture and push that information out to our, both public and private partners, and enable them to use that information.    This is real time. This is machine to machine. And one of the worries that we're hearing from private sector and others is that this proposed rule would, in some cases, hamper the real-time sharing of information.    Ms. Schneck. Is that for me?    Ms. Schneck. So our responsibility is to protect all of that, the critical infrastructure, and then the Federal civilian government, and the private industry to include academia, State and local. We also share among 300--at least 300 other governments' cyber information.    As a scientist, I'll give you an operational discussion. And that is that the best cybersecurity protection we can provide is to understand the most quickly what's happening and make sure that when a cyber actor, this is exactly what an intrusion is, tries to execute their instruction on a machine they don't own, that machine knows, A, not to execute it, or, B, that it's happening so it can tell everybody else about it and not sustain an injury.    Ms. Schneck. The ability, or the thought that that would get delayed in any of the ways mentioned today is detrimental to our cybersecurity.    Ms. Schneck. Bottom line, we have to, together as interagency, with all of our industry partners and any input we can possibly get absolutely revisit this proposed rule.