    Mr. DeSaulnier. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I will say as a new Member of this body, I keep thinking I've gone through the looking glass and I won't do it again. And then you come to a hearing like this, and this just seems, on the surface, it's hard to believe. It does bring a number of questions, including sort of the collateral consequences to direct dealers on the street and the larger problems we have to face in this country when people see this kind of--this different type of administration of justice.    So, Mr. Horowitz, first question is: What was different, do you think, between ATF and the U.S. Marshals that you were--your underlings, your mid-management people were able to access the information you asked for so quickly as opposed to the DEA and the FBI?    Mr. DeSaulnier. Is it a cultural thing? Is it an enforcement thing?    Mr. DeSaulnier. Do you need more enforceability?    Mr. DeSaulnier. It doesn't seem to be sufficient in this instance.    Mr. DeSaulnier. Ms. Leonhart, so the individuals involved in the sex parties, the Rolex, the accepting sophisticated weapons, are they still employed?    Mr. DeSaulnier. And it's hard to believe--it just seems completely counterintuitive that they could go back to work with as little as 10 days suspensions and be model agents. Have you had to spend extra time overseeing their job performance?    Mr. DeSaulnier. Do they have heightened supervision because their past conduct?    Mr. DeSaulnier. So go back to the questions asked Mr. Horowitz. Why is it that it took so long to get this information? Why was it--why did it take so long for the IG to get the information from your underlings? Being aware that you--didn't you feel at some point that you were spending too much time on this? Didn't you admonish people underneath your command that they should be more forthcoming to the IG?    Mr. DeSaulnier. Wouldn't--sitting here, it seems like it's a question of management. That you have to spend this amount of resources in something that's such an egregious case, it just seems a misappropriation of taxpayer funds.    So, Mr. Horowitz, if the DEA had at that time the same exemption that the FBI has, would that have been a more efficient response by Congress in terms of making sure that the management tools were there?    Mr. DeSaulnier. So that seems, Ms. Leonhart, you're complicit in the management problems. That it's just not culture problem. And with all due respect to your years of service, we heard this, I believe, from the IG when it came to Secret Service, sometimes you need somebody from the outside. So how do I defend your performance?    Mr. DeSaulnier. All evidence to the contrary, with all due respect, in this case.    Mr. DeSaulnier. Ms. Leonhart----    Mr. DeSaulnier. Excuse me. My time has expired. But for me to go back and talk to somebody in a poor section of my district or any of these members who have people who are selling drugs who say, ``How can you admonish us and want to make laws tougher for us when you let the DEA manage their own department this way,'' is quite--is counterintuitive, with all due respect.    I yield back what time I have.