    Mr. Thompson. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman. Thank you for holding today's hearing.    I appreciate the subcommittee's willingness to take a hard look at the security vulnerabilities associated with how the Transportation Security Administration is administering the PreCheck program.    As a frequent flyer, I have long believed that TSA should have a trusted traveler program where individuals identified as low-risk travelers are provided expedited airport security screening.    When TSA was established in 2001, Congress granted TSA the authority to establish a trusted traveler program. However, as many of you may recall, it took years for TSA to get over its initial reluctance about modifying its screening operations for vetted trusted travelers.    Former TSA Administrator John Pistole deserves great credit for recognizing the potential of a trusted traveler program and integrating the PreCheck program into TSA's risk-based airport screening operations. It just makes good sense to provide expedited screening to passengers who have voluntarily submitted biographical information and fingerprints and have been fully vetted.    Today there are 1 million known low-risk travelers in the PreCheck program. That is a good start. But given that about 2 million people fly every day, TSA needs to continue working to bring more Americans into the PreCheck program.    That said, the focus of today's hearing is not on the vetted population that are legitimately low-risk and receive expedited screening. It is on what TSA has called their real-time intelligence-based methods for identifying passengers on a trip-by-trip basis for expedited physical screening.    The so-called Managed Inclusion program and the other real-time screening methods that TSA is currently employing at our Nation's airports have not been scientifically validated as effective security approaches.    Further, as both the Department's own inspector general and comptroller general have independently found, these approaches create security vulnerabilities.    Last week the inspector general released a report about a very troubling incident involving a traveler who was granted enhanced security screening. Suffice it to say, the terrorist and criminal history of the traveler involved should have resulted in TSA determining that enhanced security screening was in order, not expedited screening.    This is just one incident. I am sure it would have never come to light if not for the courageous TSA employee who came forward to report it, commonly referred to as a whistle-blower.    This incident begs the question: Are these procedures appropriately designed to ensure that a person who actually presents a security risk is not given lighter screening? I have no confidence, based on the public and Classified information I have seen, that this is the case. As such, I believe that this situation demands legislative action.    To this end, together with Chairman Katko and Ranking Member Rice, I will be introducing legislation to address these known vulnerabilities regarding expedited screening. It is important that there is not a permanent leader at TSA to address the security vulnerabilities that have come to light.    I look forward to working with the leadership of this subcommittee to bring our concerns to the attention of Acting Administrator Mel Carraway to get timely action to address the security vulnerabilities.    With that, Chairman and Ranking Member, I thank you for your prompt attention to this critical security matter and yield back.    Mr. Thompson. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    I ask unanimous consent that Ms. Jackson Lee be allowed to sit on the panel and ask questions today.    Mr. Thompson. Thank you.    Mr. Fletcher, in the Managed Inclusion program and, more specifically, BDOs, how many do we have in the BDO program, how many BDOs?    Mr. Thompson. Okay. You talked about a process.    Are you aware of any scientific data that say that the BDO program is successful?    Mr. Thompson. Ms. Grover, you looked at it. Are you aware of any?    Mr. Thompson. So as of this hearing, you are not aware of any data that would say that that program or, from a scientific standpoint, that it works?    Mr. Thompson. Let me go on the record, too, Mr. Chairman and Ranking Member. I support the PreCheck program, too, but I want it to have sound science behind it and not just the ability to look at somebody who hasn't been vetted, look at someone who hasn't gone through a database from a background standpoint, and say ``You get into the PreCheck line.''    I think part of why we are trying to have this hearing is to make sure that those individuals who are in the PreCheck line--that there is some science behind getting them there as well as some vetting of who they are.    More specifically, we talked about this whistle-blower who said they saw and knew someone in line that was a domestic terrorist, had a conviction, went to jail.    Can you provide me, Mr. Fletcher, with whether or not there is authority--if a TSO sees an individual of that description, that they have the authority to say ``You need to go back for further vetting, for enhanced screening.''    Mr. Thompson. Mr. Roth, do you want to comment?    Mr. Thompson. So when they checked with the supervisor, what did the supervisor say?    Mr. Thompson. So, basically, we let a domestic terrorist get on a plane that, if that person had applied through PreCheck, that person would have--well, if that person who traveled had applied through the regular PreCheck program, what would that person's status have been?    Mr. Thompson. So, Mr. Fletcher, can you share with the committee what orientation TSOs are going through now so that they do feel empowered that, when those situations exist, they can, in effect, stop it at that point?    Mr. Thompson. Well, I think the traveling public feels that some system of vetting has occurred for every person who is on that plane. I think to whatever extent we can provide that we should.    So I would encourage you to look at what you are doing so that the end result is that there are no anomalies in the system that would allow someone with an obvious criminal record that would have been disqualified is on that plane without the knowledge of the people who are traveling.    Mr. Thompson. Thank you.    I yield back, Mr. Chairman.