    Mr. Bainwol. Thank you, Chairman Burgess, Ranking Member Schakowsky, and members of the subcommittee, thanks for having me back to testify today on behalf of 12 iconic automakers, who are engaged in a massive exercise in self-disruption.    I spent 8 years in the music industry as a digitization of the music wrecked business model and devastated property rights. There was little that industry could do. Autos are in a very different spot, we are manufacturers and technology companies and mobility providers and we are innovating rapidly.    Three converging trends are driving dynamic change. The first trend is the rapid emergence of crash avoidance technologies that will culminate in self-driving cars.    The second trend is the evolution of ride and car-sharing starting with Uber, Lyft, Car2Go, and others, but swiftly moving to a wide range of other models. Sharing will reduce ownership rates to some degree but also shorten fleet age.    And the third trend is the gradual evolution in power trains toward electrification that, in the present low gas cost context, is being driven more by policy mandates than by consumer demand.    Combined, these trends are changing mobility profoundly and as mobility changes, the overriding goal of my members share is to ensure that consumers are able to afford these vehicles that offer a higher efficiency and enhanced safety features. The faster we can safely and affordably move to the future, the better.    While the introduction of self-driving cars is just around the corner, the transition of full autonomy will take two generations. Moody's predicts these cars will not be a majority of the fleet until 2045 or ubiquitous until 2055.    But the important fact is that benefits already are materializing. First, safety: 99 percent of road fatalities are the result of behavioral issues, environmental circumstances, and infrastructure limitations, rather than car defects. Technology addresses many of these challenges by helping to avoid crashes altogether. Elon Musk says that moving too slowly will kill people. I might say it less provocatively and Tesla is not a member but he has a point. We need to lean forward.    Second, technology can reduce carbon and strengthen the environment both by mitigating congestion and by facilitating more efficient use of the automobile.    Third, technology can enhance access for the young, the old, the disabled, and the economically disadvantaged.    Fourth, individuals and businesses will benefit from time savings and meaningful productivity gains, helping society and the economy.    Fifth, the combination of lower per mile cost and higher cost utilization rates resulting from ride-sharing has the potential to reshape mass transit. For all of these reasons, most stakeholders believe accelerated deployment is highly desirable subject to ensuring a material net safety gain. But we also know that the traditional regulatory mechanisms can't handle the space of innovation.    Administrator Rosekind and Secretary Foxx put their fingers on this problem and deserve considerable credit for seeking a new approach, facilitating the proper mix of oversight and regulatory flexibility. It is not an easy puzzle and we understand that committee members will have different visions about what it means to be nimble and flexible while also offering predictability and stable roles.    We are carefully examining NHTSA's guidance and will formally respond a week from today at the deadline. That response will be shared with that committee. And we fully expect the Trump administration to put a stamp on this policy. Congress ought to as well.    The feds have traditionally regulated the car, the states, the driver. With autonomy, the car is the driver and that, in essence, creates static between the Federal and state obligations.    Perhaps the key objective behind NHTSA's recommendation was to provide federal leadership to avoid a patchwork of state rules. Yet, the early evidence is it still might be necessary to further strengthen the federal leadership. Some even have suggested that a state-level time out might be warranted.    A second key objective was to reduce federal regulatory rigidity and ambiguity. Some of the rigidity has been addressed with commitments to timely respond to requests for interpretations and exemptions but too much ambiguity remains. Policy often seems simple but when it gets to execution and compliance, that simplicity morphs into numbing complexity and complexity equals delay, higher costs and delayed social benefits.    Finally, another key objective was to provide mechanisms to better share data and learning to class both OEMs and tech providers. It is a prudent goal. We are not certain, however, that all contemplated obligations are feasible and productive.    Summing up, we appreciate this committee's initiative to help accelerate the smart introduction of these lifesaving carbon-reducing, economy-enhancing technologies. This is guidance, voluntary for now at the federal level and mandatory, effectively at the state level triggers this conversation. We welcome it because the stakes are high and the opportunity is enormous. Government must pave the way for technology deployment and must not, despite good intent, become an obstacle to realize in the brighter future of mobility.    I look forward to answering your questions.    Mr. Bainwol. So, that is the big question. I have hear Dr. Rosekind respond and he ducked it pretty well and I will try not to.    So, most of our members have talked about self-driving cars being on the road in the 2020, 2021 time frame but that is not going to be anytime anyplace. That is going to be either geofenced or a certain set of conditions.    So, it is around the corner. But as I indicated in my prepared testimony, the deployment is going to take two generations. Moody's says 2055 before it is ubiquitous, 2045, 30 years from now, before it is the majority of the fleet. And the fleet mix issue is absolutely huge.    Mr. Bainwol. Absolutely. As we have talked about before in the subcommittee, the manufacturers have established an ISAC that is up and running. We have issued best practices. And both the establishment of the ISAC and the best practices have been well-recognized by NHTSA as very positive steps forward.    Mr. Bainwol. We like that idea.