    Mr. McClintock. The obvious question that arises as we talk about climate change and global warming is exactly how long has the planet's climate been changing. Any thoughts on that?    Mr. McClintock. I believe that predates the invention of the SUV, does it not?    Mr. McClintock. How long has the planet been warming on and off?    Mr. McClintock. Well, I mean just in the recent epoch, just in the Holocene.    Mr. McClintock. My understanding that I gleaned as a grade-schooler on our field trip to the Museum of Natural History was the planet has been warming on and off since the last Ice Age.    Mr. McClintock. And in the recorded history we know that during the medieval warm period they were growing wine grapes in Northern Britain, and Iceland had a thriving agricultural economy for some 500 years.    We also know toward the end of the Little Ice Age, also within recorded history, that exorcisms were being performed on glaciers and people being burned as witches because they were causing this terrible period of cold.    I cannot help but see certain parallels between those days and these. My friends on the other side of the aisle remind me of something Ogden Nash once wrote. He said, ``The ass was born in March. The rains came in November. Such a flood as this,'' he said, ``I scarcely can remember.''    Let me go on. Has there been an analysis of how much damage is already being done to the economy because of all of the regulations and fees that are being imposed in the name of saving the planet from global warming that has been going on since the last Ice Age?    Mr. McClintock. Well, if the planet continues to warm, isn't plentiful and inexpensive energy a good thing, not a bad thing?    Mr. McClintock. Well, let me ask you this. Can we not reasonably expect that the planet is going to continue to warm and cool as it has for billions of years, whether or not we deliberately impoverish our economy?    Mr. McClintock. Let me make one other--oh, I am out of time.    The Chairman. Yes, but thank you for telling me there was a time when it would have been easier for me to get a tan. I appreciate that.    Mrs. Capps.