    Mr. Tonko. Thank you, Mr. Chair, and certainly having worked, before entering Congress, on a number of environmental and energy concepts, it is nice to know that we can protect the environment and public health and grow the economy and that they are not mutually exclusive.    In fact, they do indeed support each other, and I know that Representative Rush had quizzed some of you about the 5-year review cycle, the rationale there, and citing some of the experiences.    I would like to dig a little deeper into that and, if I could, as you, Mr. Mirzakhalili, the--about some of the 5-year cycle.    Were there significant amounts of new research and scientific knowledge that informed the recent revision to this standard?    Mr. Tonko. Yes. Are there significant amounts of new research and scientific knowledge that informed the recent revision to this standard?    Mr. Tonko. So if we create this construct of a 5-year window or have, new and significant research can become available. Is it fair to say that delay of this proposal--of the proposed--of this proposed legislation would hinder the agency's ability to ensure the latest science being incorporated into EPA's decisionmaking?    Mr. Tonko. And under the current law, if EPA finds that a change is not warranted in that 5-year cycle does it have to revise the standard?    Mr. Tonko. Is it correct that the recently revised standard is consistent with the recommendations of the Clean Air Scientific Advisory Committee and the latest science?    Mr. Tonko. In fact, that committee, I concluded, I believe, that the latest science supports a standard within a range of 70 parts per billion down to 60 parts per billion. So EPA's standard is on the high end of that range.    The purpose of these standards is to establish a level of air quality that adequately protects public health based on the latest scientific knowledge.    The increase to a 10-year review cycle would undermine that effort. The current 5-year cycle provides a reasonable amount of time for the development of new research.    So the intent of this bill, I believe, is to obstruct EPA from performing its duty to promote public health by increasing the length of its review cycles. But I see the possibility for that to backfire.    Apparently, EPA has discretion to not change standards and in its last revision it decided on the high end of the range suggested by the independent Clean Air Scientific Advisory Committee.    And after a 10-year span existing standards will no longer be based on the latest scientific evidence and proposed regulations may have to be even more ambitious to meet future long-term public health needs.    Now, you may be changing the standard less often but the changes may have to be much more drastic. So do you think that may be a possibility, what I just said?    Mr. Tonko. I think that, you know, what we have here is an opportunity for us to move forward with science and technology to assist us in strengthening the outcomes and would strongly encourage the community to--your given technical community to encourage us to do the most effective outcome here.    Mr. Tonko. And erring with that great growing sentiment I think is the way that will allow us to achieve the best results. So with that, Mr. Chair, I yield back and thank you.