    Mr. Laxalt. Mr. Chairman, Ranking Member Conyers, and Members of the Committee, my name is Adam Paul Laxalt, and I am the Attorney General of Nevada. On behalf of Nevada, I thank you for the opportunity to testify today about the States' lawsuit challenging President Obama's unilateral executive action granting deferred action to over 4 million people. I represent one of the 26 States that have sued the Federal Government.    While immigration is the substantive issue underlying the President's executive action, this lawsuit is not ultimately about immigration. Rather, it is about the President's attempt to change the law through unconstitutional executive action.    Like most of us, I am the descendent of immigrants. My ancestors came here in search of a better life. My grandfather, Paul Laxalt, was the son of an immigrant sheepherder. He rose to become the Governor of Nevada and a United States Senator. In our Nation's history, similar stories have been repeated over and over. They are what we have come to know as the American dream.    However, it has never been true that in order to sympathize with the plight of immigrants, or to believe in the American dream, one must reject our constitutional system. To borrow a phrase our President is fond of using, that is a false choice. In significant part, it is our commitment to the rule of law and to our Constitution that has drawn people to our shores across generations.    Before taking unilateral action, the President said the following, ``I am President. I am not the king. I can't do these things just by myself.'' ``There is a limit to the discretion that I can show, because I am obliged to execute the law.'' ``I can't just make the laws up myself.'' ``We can't ignore the law.'' ``The fact of the matter is, there are laws on the books that I have to enforce.'' These are a series of comments the President made before this action.    Subsequently, on November 20, 2014, after repeatedly acknowledging his duty to faithfully enforce the immigration laws passed by this body, and after emphasizing that he lacked the authority to unilaterally change those laws, President Obama directed his Secretary of Homeland Security to do just that and change the law. To quote the President himself, he said, ``I just took an action to change the law,'' that on November 25.    In accord with earlier statements by the President, a coalition of States brought suit in Federal court to enjoin the President's unilateral action. Since the lawsuit was originally filed, the number of States challenging the President's action has grown to the majority of the 50 States. The States' lawsuit focuses on three areas.    First, the Constitution requires the President take care that the laws be faithfully executed. During the Korean War, President Truman, relying on the exigencies of war, unilaterally seized the Nation's steel mills. President Truman justified unilateral action because Congress had refused to pass a statute authorizing his action. The Supreme Court held that Truman's actions were unconstitutional.    Here, as Judge Hanen, the Federal judge presiding over this case, has observed, no statute gives the Department of Homeland Security the discretion it is trying to exercise. Quite the contrary, the President's Executive order not only ignores the dictates of Congress, but actively thwarts them. For the same reason that Truman's unilateral action in the steel seizure case was held unconstitutional by the Supreme Court, we think President Obama's unilateral action here is unconstitutional.    Second, Federal statutory law, namely the Administrative Procedures Act, similarly requires that when an agency issues a substantive rule, it must be consistent with Congress' clear statutory commands. Under unambiguous Federal statutory law, the Department of Homeland Security--here I quote Judge Hanen again--is tasked with the duty of removing illegal aliens. Congress has provided that it shall do this. The word ``shall'' certainly deprives the DHS of the right to do something that is clearly contrary to Congress' intent.    The President's plan that millions of illegally present individuals be granted legal present work authorization eligibility for State and Federal benefits cannot be squared with Federal law, and, therefore, we believe violates the Administrative Procedures Act.    Third, when a Federal agency changes the rules, like the President has ordered here, the Administrative Procedures Act also requires that due process is followed. That is, the agency must give fair notice of the rule change and allow public comment before implementing the change. Everyone agrees that was not done here, so this is the third reason the States are arguing the President's action violates the law.    As you all know, on February 16, Judge Hanen found the States had standing and issued a preliminary injunction enjoining the implementation of the DAPA program. Now why Nevada joined, as Nevada's chief law enforcement officer, Nevada law requires that I initiate or join litigation wherever necessary to protect and secure the interests of the State.    This suit is not about immigration. It is not about politics. It is about the rule of law and our constitutional system. This lawsuit transcends policy differences and seeks to prevent legislation from being usurped by executive fiat.    Nevada joined this lawsuit because upholding our constitutional process is more significant than any policy directive that any political party may be pushing at a particular time.    Thank you again, Mr. Chairman, for allowing me to testify before this Committee about this important issue.    Mr. Laxalt. You know, I think, zooming out, Congress has been debating this for many, many years. And in this particular case, this path was specifically not voted on by Congress. So by President Obama's own words many times over again before he did this, this is just not a power that our constitutional system contemplated him having.    If he does, as Mr. Chairman, I believe, was heading this direction, if 5 million is okay, then why isn't 6 million, and why isn't 7 million? And then, you know, if 2 years is okay, then why isn't 3?    So it seems pretty clear that, by his own words, he has stepped over. And once you add the benefits that are included, there is just no justification that this fits under prosecutorial discretion.    Mr. Laxalt. We believe, as the three claims that have been made, that the Constitution has been violated under the ``take care'' clause. The Administrative Procedures Act has been, as Judge Hanen, thwarted. He did not ultimately decide that for the sake of this preliminary injunction. He reserved that as well as the constitutional issues for the future. But the States, certainly, still believe that in all three cases the President has failed.    Mr. Laxalt. Thank you, Mr. Congressman.    You know, this is the crux of the argument and of the lawsuit. It, certainly, is one of my biggest concerns. It has been so for many years, going back to probably when I was a law student at Georgetown.    Our Constitution is eroding, and the executive branch continues to take more and more power. I can't think of a more clear example of something that the Constitution clearly says the Congress is supposed to perform.    And as I said earlier, Congress has debated this. The President did not get the policy he wanted, and now he has decided to do it.    I would like to read a quote in answering to Professor Legomsky. I don't mean to gang up on you here, but as to your comment that the President, his multiple statements didn't exactly say he couldn't do this, a heckler told him that you have the power to stop deportations, and Obama replied, ``Actually, I don't. And that is why we are here.'' ``What you need to know, when I'm speaking as President of the United States and I come to this community, is that if, in fact, I could solve all these problems without passing laws in Congress, then I would do so. But we are a Nation of laws. That is part of our tradition. And so the easy way out is to try to yell and pretend like I can do something by violating our laws. And what I am proposing is the harder path, which is to use our democratic processes to achieve the same goal that you want to achieve.''    This President knows that he can't do this. He knows that our system did not allow him to take these extra steps. There is no question, as Judge Hanen said in his opinion, there is a wide berth for prosecutorial discretion. I don't think you are going to get a lot of argument about that.    But this goes so much further than any prosecutorial discretion that has ever been exerted. If this was allowed, then Congress' role in this entire field is abdicated. Why would Congress take year after year to debate these issues if a President is able to take a scope we have never seen before, and, in addition, add benefits on top of simply deciding to not deport?    Mr. Laxalt. Thank you, Congressman. You know, I think it is great to go back directly to this point, because OLA has spoken about this. They know that you need a case-by-case basis. And they are basically making a mockery of all this by using these magic words.    I don't mean to attack the professor here, since he was formerly in this job. But they are stating that they are doing this, but there is just no way with this kind of volume they are, with the percentages that have been approved.    While the professor discusses self-selection, as it said in Judge Hanen's opinion, of the 5 percent who are not making it through, they are not making it through because of procedural errors. There are still not individual case-by-case bases. You guys have all the authority in the world. That would be the next question, is to pull up a bunch of line agents and find out whether or not it is true that individual discretion is happening. I find it just impossible to believe, but just guessing.    Mr. Laxalt. Correct.    Mr. Laxalt. I am not here to represent any of the Members' views on this issue, Mr. Congressman.    Mr. Laxalt. You know, we have entered this lawsuit as 26 attorneys general because we believe there are serious pressing constitutional issues at stake. And as I have stated in as many ways as I can, for us, this is not about politics and it is not the job of the attorney general to wade into this political realm, and it is not something I plan on doing.    Mr. Laxalt. Mr. Congressman, the 26 States that have joined this case, along with, at least preliminarily, the Federal district judge in Texas, believe that there are limits in this area, and we have kind of gone over them ad nauseam, but that the President has overstepped his constitutional authority to take care and execute, and, as we just discussed, failed to do case-by-case in almost any way you analyze--in case-by-case analysis.    Mr. Laxalt. I don't understand the question.    Mr. Laxalt. Yes, the general fund, yes.    Mr. Laxalt. Mr. Congressman, I am an independently elected attorney general, and it is my job to----    Mr. Laxalt. You know, I----    Mr. Laxalt. Well, as is in the record, our offices certainly communicated about this issue.    Mr. Laxalt. Mr. Congressman, there is no way something like that would happen. Obviously, the Attorney General Office is the top law enforcement for the entire State. We have many, many statutory duties to protect our citizens from law enforcement, to consumer fraud. And a lot of this is much ado about nothing. The Governor and I work together on many, many issues every day. And I am the legal adviser to all of our agencies as well as all of our boards and commissions. So, you know, this was an unfortunate one issue, but as I said, there is no issue with the Governor and me.    Mr. Laxalt. I am an elected representative, yes.