    Ms. Hoffman. So thank you very much for the question. Transformers are a very critical component to the electric sector as was stated in the testimonies and some of the conversations earlier.    With respect to transformers, the price of a transformer ranges anywhere between $5 million and $10 million. And so these are significant components. So what is our research program, or what are the activities looking for, dealing with the transformer issues? It is, first of all, looking at the spare components that--and the spare transformers that industry has, and then industry is looking at having spare capacity on their system.    We are also looking at how do we develop the next generation transformer, which might be a transformer that you have the ability to produce more quickly, and also have more standardization and flexibility. So that includes, in our research component, the development of power electronics and hybrid transformers.    Our 2017 budget request has a very strong program looking at transformers, which is about $10 million, in which we are going to look at developing the next generation transformers, as well as doing testing of transformers to make sure we understand any vulnerabilities that may exist.    Ms. Hoffman. Thank you, Congressman, for that question. When we deal with any sort of event, we are going to act as a whole of Government. So, whether it is a cyber event----    Ms. Hoffman. The owners and operators are ultimately in charge of the power grid. The support to the power grid is going to come both from DOE with respect to working with the owners and operators to restore power and DOD has a responsibility with respect to national security and protection. So, from a physical security perspective, we may look at law enforcement to help the utilities protect substations. It depends on the event, but the response will be coordinated.    Ms. Hoffman. So for----    Ms. Hoffman. Well, you bring up a good point, Congressman, thank you. But the issue is every event and every incident, as Administrator Fugate brought up, is going to be different, and we are going to have to think about the capabilities. When somebody can take someone's access credentials, we have to think about that and look at that as an industry. So we are taking the lessons learned----    Ms. Hoffman. So thank you. You bring up very good points in your discussion.    First of all, we follow the National Response Framework. As Administrator Fugate talked about, regardless of whether it is a physical or cyber or weather-related event, we are going to act as a whole of Government in responding to that.    With respect to your question on intelligence, we are sharing information with the private sector. DHS and DOE regularly host classified briefings with the private sector to share actionable information. And that is the information that the utilities are able to take back and really do response force.    With respect to specific events such as the Ukraine incident, ICS alert has provided very specific actionable information. DOE, working with the Electricity Information Sharing and Analysis Center, has provided actionable information to the industry to learn from these events and prepare. And that is what is important. Each event is going to be different. We have to take those events and learn from them.    Ms. Hoffman. Thank you very much, Congressman, for the question. The transformer reserve plan that was required as part of the FAST Act is in progress. We have contracted with Oak Ridge National Laboratory to do an assessment with respect to transformers, the transportation issues, any sort of where they would be placed, the volumes and size. As you are well aware, the transformers in the United States are quite unique, and we have to also look at a parallel process for how do we look at standardization, look at next generation transformer for additional manufacturing.    We are also in the process of assessing transformer manufacturing in the U.S. DOE has had several reports out with respect to transformer manufacturing. There are several manufacturing entities in the U.S., including EFACEC, Georgia Transformer, ABB, Waukesha, Prolec GE and Hyundai. Those are the transformer manufacturers in the U.S. Is that enough for the capacity we need? I would say we need more capacity with respect to transformers. So it is important that we continue to look at a transformer sharing program.    So we are in progress and on target to meeting that deliverable for the committee.    Ms. Hoffman. The timeline that was established in the FAST Act was 1 year from enactment. So it would be due in December.    Ms. Hoffman. So thank you very much for highlighting that. Yes, we are working with the power marketing administrations, which includes WAPA and Bonneville. They are a core asset to the Department of Energy, as well as a core asset to the electric infrastructure writ large. So they are a very important part of the conversation.    As required by the FAST Act, we will do consultation with industry and with experts in this area.    Ms. Hoffman. Thank you very much for the question. The transformers in the United States are a very critical component of the system. The FAST Act recognizes the criticality of these transformers, as well as the need to assess where are we at with respect to any sort of need to develop a plan for transformer spare capacity.    So what this means is really evaluating the spare capacity in the United States and the ability to transport transformers. So where should a transformer stockpile, if necessary, be located because of the different sizes and dimensions of the transformers.    So part of the plan of what we are looking at with Oak Ridge National Laboratory, our other national laboratories and industry--is assessing the number of transformers, the size of transformers, meaning the different voltage classes, and then where those transformers could potentially be needed to be located because of transportation issues.    The industry has had discussions with the Class A railroads and looking at the transportation of transformers. You may not be aware, but a lot of substations are in very remote locations. So really, the criticality and some of the time is not only manufacturing the transformers, but it is actually the transportation of those transformers to a location.    Ms. Hoffman. Yes, the--we have started looking and have had several reports out with respect to transformer manufacturing. And those are on DOE's Web site. But the results of that will be included in the report in December.    Ms. Hoffman. So part of the request is to look at policy implications and the cost and financing of that. We are going to work within the Department of Energy with our energy policy and systems analysis group and assess what are some of the financial implications to setting up and developing a transformer reserve.    Ms. Hoffman. So thank you very much for the question. The Department does look at reliability implications with respect to any sort of change in generation mix in the United States.    With respect to the Clean Power Plan, it is really going to be as the States develop their implementation plans the assessment will occur with the regional reliability entities and the independent system operators, where they will coordinate and understand the reliability impacts.    Ms. Hoffman. So--thank you. From a widespread reliability point of view, DOE believes that the Clean Power Plan and the regulations will not have any widespread reliability impacts. But the specific----    Ms. Hoffman. Right now the utilities will work very hard to ensure reliability of the system. And our past experience is, as any sort of any reliability concerns come up, there is strong coordination within the industry to address any sort of reliability impacts. So----    Ms. Hoffman. Within the Clean Power Plan the States, as they develop their Clean Power Plan, their State plans, they will be coordinating with the reliability entities, the ISOs and the RTOs , looking at any potential reliability implications, and----    Ms. Hoffman. So the States are required, as part of the Clean Power Plan, to coordinate with PJM, and PJM has and will continue to do reliability analysis for that region.    Ms. Hoffman. Yes, Congressman. Thank you.    Ms. Hoffman. So thank you for that question. Information sharing occurs at multiple levels. We do have classified information with the Electricity Subsector Coordinating Council, which is 30 CEOs from across the whole sector, so there are investor-owned utilities, there are municipals, there are co-op utilities that participate in that information sharing, that classified information.    In addition we have had 1-day read-ins where we have brought a larger section of utilities in to do classified information sharing. We have done that. DHS has done regional information sharing meetings, where they have had opportunities to bring folks in and do information--so it occurs on multiple levels. Have we hit every single of those----    Ms. Hoffman. Yes, yes, we will redouble our efforts. And the one thing that I would say codifies how we are redoubling our efforts is the exercise that happens between industry and utilities where we are actively exercising this.    Ms. Hoffman. Yes, Congressman. We would be glad to have a briefing with you.