    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. The subcommittee will come to order.    After recognizing myself, Chairman Salmon, Ranking Member Deutch, and Ranking Member Sherman for 5 minutes each for our opening statements, I will then recognize other members seeking recognition for 1 minute. We will then hear from our witnesses.    Thank you for being here today.    Without objection, the witnesses' prepared statements will be made a part of the record, and members may have 5 days to insert statements and questions for the record subject to the length limitation in the rules.    Before we begin, I would like to express my deepest condolences to the families and friends of those killed by the Taliban last week in Kabul, a terrorist attack which claimed the lives of 64 people and wounded more than 370 others. I know I speak on behalf of Chairman Salmon and all members here today when I say we condemn this attack and all terrorist attacks in the strongest possible manner.    The Chair now recognizes herself for 5 minutes.    This hearing represents an important opportunity for both of our subcommittees, allowing members to provide appropriate and necessary oversight of the President's budget request for Afghanistan and Pakistan, each of which fall under our different subcommittee's jurisdictions.    This year the President is requesting approximately $1.2 billion for Afghanistan and about $742 million for Pakistan in the foreign aid budget. For comparison's sake, the combined request for these countries is about 77 percent of the overall request for the South and Central Asia region, and about 4 percent of the entire foreign affairs request for this year. It is critical that Congress understands exactly where this money is going and whether we are getting a good return on our investment, and assesses how we can ensure that these funds are helping achieve U.S. interests in the most effective way possible.    When I led a CODEL to Afghanistan in November 2015, I was struck by the positive changes that President Ghani and CEO Abdullah had made since former President Karzai stepped down. Despite their differences, every official we met with said that Ghani and Abdullah are a vast improvement over Karzai, and that they have proven to be partners who are willing and able to cooperate with the United States, while taking steps to root out corruption and stabilize their country. But last week's terrorist attack in Kabul is a sobering reminder of the challenges that Afghanistan continues to face from the Taliban and other terrorist groups.    While Afghan security forces have had some success since taking the lead last year, the Taliban is resurgent in Afghanistan and is responsible for most of last year's 5,500-plus military casualties and 10,000-plus killed or wounded civilians. The Taliban is adapting to the Afghan military's tactics, moving into new territory as it gets pushed out of others, and using terrorism to inflict the kind of mass violence that we saw in Kabul. The Taliban is also adapting to our restrictive rules of engagement, understanding the extremely limited situations when the U.S. actually does provide air support to the Afghan security forces, and adjusting their tactics accordingly.    When I was in Afghanistan in November, our troops did not have the authority to target ISIS, allowing it to grow in strength and numbers before the President finally authorized ISIS as a target earlier this year. The President needs to allow U.S. forces to target the Taliban as well, and I urge the administration to provide the Afghan security forces with the close air support and surveillance assistance they so desperately need.    It is extremely difficult to negotiate with an enemy who sees its position constantly improving. And as President Ghani said yesterday, the Taliban operates freely because Pakistan refuses to take action against it inside its borders. Pakistan is a direct contributor to the Taliban's success, not only allowing them to use Pakistani territory as a safe haven, but providing it support inside Afghanistan's borders. It makes little sense to continue giving Pakistan billions of dollars if it is going to continue to work against our interests.    We must leverage our aid to Pakistan so that it is a better regional partner with Afghanistan, and also helps us to root out terrorists within its borders. That includes stopping the sale of F-16s that Pakistan does not need and will probably not use in its supposed fight against terrorism. We should instead be prioritizing assistance for Afghanistan which, in addition to its security needs, continues to struggle with an enormous budget deficit, an economy almost entirely reliant on donor aid, and rampant and widespread corruption.    With corruption still a significant issue, I continue to be concerned by our provision of on-budget assistance, and question whether our aid is getting to the right places. Afghanistan has said it needs about $10 billion donated each year until 2025 before it is self-sufficient. And I fear what will happen to Afghanistan's economy once the donor fatigue that has already set in gets worse.    In addition, not enough attention is being paid to counternarcotics efforts in Afghanistan, which already accounts for 90 percent of the world's heroin. And I am concerned that the administration's decision to draw down resources in this area will allow a boom in poppy production, if it hasn't already.    When I was in Afghanistan, the commanders on the ground told us that they do not have the authority to carry out counternarcotics operations. And while DEA's presence has been substantially reduced, INL's footprint is also restricted due to the reduced DOD presence. The Afghan military does not have the resources to focus on counternarcotics while it is concentrated on fighting the Taliban.    So with all that said, the question is who is going to cover counternarcotics operations? With the Afghan counternarcotics chief declaring that no eradication will occur in the Helmand Province this year due to the Taliban's presence, the drug trade is poised to expand even more, fueling both the Taliban's operations and Afghanistan's massive addiction problem. In all of these areas we need to be giving the Afghan Government a chance to succeed, supporting it politically and providing it with the right kinds of security assistance, while helping bolster its economy and redoubling our counternarcotics efforts.    Afghanistan is an important ally in an important region of the world, and its security, its stability, and its success are critical for U.S. interests. We must remain engaged for the long term.    I am honored to now recognize the ranking member, Mr. Deutch, for his opening statement.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Amen. Thank you so much, Mr. Deutch.    I now would like to yield to the other subcommittee chairman, Mr. Salmon, for his opening remarks.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Thank you so much, Mr. Chairman.    And I would like to recognize the gentleman in the audience who is the Afghan Ambassador to the United States. And we welcome you here today, sir. Thank you.    I now would like to turn to our other ranking member, Mr. Sherman, for his opening statement.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Thank you so much, Ranking Member Sherman.    And now we would like to turn to Mr. Rohrabacher for his opening statement.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Drinking a lot of Red Bull?    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Thank you, sir.    Dr. Bera.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Thank you, Dr. Bera.    Seeing no other requests for time, I will now introduce our panelists.    First, we would like to welcome back the Honorable Richard Olson, thank you, sir, who is the special representative for Afghanistan and Pakistan at the U.S. Department of State. Ambassador Olson previously served as the U.S. Ambassador to Pakistan and the coordinating director for development and economic affairs at the U.S. Embassy in Afghanistan. Thank you, sir.    And thank you also as we welcome back the Honorable Donald L. Sampler, who is assistant to the administrator in the Office of Afghanistan and Pakistan Affairs, OAPA, at USAID. Mr. Sampler previously served as senior deputy assistant to the administrator in that agency, and he has traveled to Afghanistan and Pakistan over 60 times since 2001 and lived in Kabul for several years.    As I had said, your prepared statements will be made a part of the record. Please feel free to summarize.    And we will begin with you, Mr. Olson.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Thank you very much.    Ambassador Sampler.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Thank you very much to both of you.    Ambassador Olson, last week's terrorist attack in Kabul highlighted the limits of our policy in Afghanistan, especially our restricted rules of engagement. The Taliban is increasingly using terrorism as a tool as it targets and adapts to the Afghan military and coalition forces. But as General Campbell testified in February, U.S. forces are not allowed to target the Taliban in an offensive manner to get ahead of the attacks like the ones we saw last week.    Can you explain why U.S. forces are not allowed to target the Taliban? And is the administration discussing whether the Taliban should be authorized for targeting in the future?    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Thank you very much.    President Ghani made a good-faith effort to engage Pakistan and enlist its assistance in eliminating the Taliban from within Pakistan's borders. And yesterday, he called again on the Pakistani military to eliminate this threat.    What are we doing to press Pakistan to take action against the Taliban? And besides giving it safe haven, what kind of support is Pakistan providing to the Taliban?    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Thank you, sir. And I have two remaining questions. One is about the F-16s sale to Pakistan. I think that we need to leverage our military sales to Pakistan in order to get some more cooperation within the region.    Can you please update us on the status of the F-16s sale, and how would you describe our ability to leverage our aid to Pakistan?    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Thank you. And lastly, when I was in Afghanistan last year, officials described the SIGAR report of a $47-million gas station as inconsistent with their understanding of the situation. What can you tell us about that gas station, how much did it cost, what is the status of it? Do they give free towels and detergent or anything good? Car wash?    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Thank you so much.    Mr. Deutch is recognized.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. You are welcome very much, Mr. Deutch.    Mr. Salmon.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Thank you so much, Mr. Salmon. Mr. Sherman.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. I don't want to cut you off if you have another question.    Mr. Ros-Lehtinen. Okay. You are right. All right. What was I thinking? Mr. Rohrabacher.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Thank you, Mr. Rohrabacher. Thank you. Dr. Bera is recognized.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Thank you, Dr. Bera. Mr. Weber of Texas.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Thank you, Mr. Weber. Mr. Cicilline.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Without objection.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Thank you, Mr. Cicilline. Mr. Perry of Pennsylvania.