    Chairman Rogers. Mr. Chairman, thank you very much for your courtesy in yielding me time.    Mr. Commissioner, we are glad to see you here. I am not sure you feel mutually the same way. But it is always good to see someone with strong Kentucky roots in the hearing room, particularly during basketball season, and particularly----    Chairman Rogers. Yeah, it looks like it, but we will see.    While I think much of you personally, Mr. Commissioner, I unfortunately find many aspects of the budget request troublesome. Since fiscal year 2011, this Committee has pared back IRS' astronomical budget requests on a bipartisan basis. This is largely a result of this committee's concerted effort to reduce discretionary spending government-wide; justifiable concern over the implementation of Obamacare and the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act; and various objectionable management decisions at the agency--for example, targeting certain groups and holding lavish conferences at taxpayers' expense. It is therefore surprising to see that the fiscal year 2016 budget request that you have for the IRS is $12.9 billion, a significant 18-percent increase over the current level. The majority of this proposed increase, $2 billion, would be utilized to implement Obamacare and the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act, and towards a discretionary cap adjustment.    There are a number of issues with this request, but three in particular stand out. First, the Budget Control Act does not allow for a discretionary cap adjustment for the IRS. As you know, that would require a statutory change outside the jurisdiction of this committee--a legislative change that has been rejected by both the House and Senate Budget Committees for 4 consecutive years. If the activities funded by the discretionary cap adjustment are important to this administration, then you ought to operate within the amount allowed under the Budget Control Act. The IRS needs to prioritize its spending like every other federal agency.    Second, this Congress has repeatedly rejected additional funding for the implementation of Obamacare. I am concerned, as are many of my colleagues, that the IRS, through CMS, recently made $2.7 billion in payments to insurance companies without the approval of Congress. The courts will be the ultimate arbiter of this issue, but I can say without a doubt that this committee has never appropriated a single penny to permit the administration to make any Section 1402 Offset Program payments.    Speaking of the courts, I would be remiss if I did not acknowledge King v. Burwell, currently under consideration by the Supreme Court, which will determine whether the IRS can extend taxpayer subsidies to individuals who purchase coverage through the healthcare exchange developed by the Federal Government. While the Supreme Court probably won't rule on the case until this summer, now is a good time to start thinking about the potential impact of the case on the IRS.    Finally, I am disappointed that the IRS requests to eliminate the three administrative provisions that have been enacted on a bipartisan basis for several years. Since the IRS' targeting and spending scandals, Appropriations bills have included prohibitions against: targeting U.S. citizens for exercising their First Amendment rights, targeting groups for regulatory scrutiny based on their ideological beliefs, and making videos without advanced approval. We are dealing with taxpayers' money, and these provisions lay out what most people would consider common-sense policies.    Finally, Mr. Commissioner, I want to mention, in the last couple of days, we have seen press reports that there are literally billions of dollars annually that are being paid fraudulently to people who don't deserve or earn them under the law, a good chunk of that in the IRS. I mean, this is an open sieve. It seems to me, that people who do not qualify for assistance are gaining lots of money for doing nothing except lying and your agency is responsible for cleaning up most of that. It is not all in the IRS, but a big chunk is. And so I would hope that we would hear from you today about how you want to tackle that huge problem that is ongoing.    Mr. Commissioner, I thank you for being with us today. This committee takes seriously our role in overseeing the budget and policies of the IRS and the other Federal agencies, and I appreciate your continued engagement with us. Thank you.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Chairman Rogers. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Commissioner, as you are laying off people, I have a group that I would recommend be included in that pattern. Some 300 past employees of the IRS who have been forced out or left while under investigation for performance or misconduct issues, 300 of those people were rehired between January 2010 and September 2013. According to the IG's audit, 141 former employees with prior substantiated tax issues, including five who the IRS found had willfully failed to even file a tax return, were rehired.    Other substantiated issues from previous IRS employment included unauthorized access to taxpayer information, leave abuse, falsification of official forms, unacceptable performance, misuse of IRS property, off-duty misconduct, and so on; 300 of them rehired. Those should be the first ones laid off, it seems to me, as you are going through this process that you are. Twenty percent of those, by the way, that came back to work, that you rehired, had new conduct or performance issues. One in five of them that you rehired are back in trouble again.    I am no great administrator, but I think I see a chance here to make the world better. What do you think?    Chairman Rogers. Well, you know, it doesn't do your agency a lot of PR good out in the country.    Chairman Rogers. When people who pay taxes, see somebody as a tax evader trying to collect their taxes, you admit that is not very good PR----    Chairman Rogers. I would audit that more frequently than every year.    Chairman Rogers. Yeah, well, there are other sins that many of them have committed that are immediately----    Chairman Rogers. Because of multiple poor management decisions and other matters, your budget has either been cut or held flat since 2010. Blame for long phone wait times and the decline in customer service is often placed on those budget cuts. We have heard that. However, nothing in the appropriations bill for your agency explicitly reduces funds for customer service. On the contrary, the taxpayer service account was increased in 2014 and not cut in 2015. Given that case, you have had plenty of money for customer service. How do you explain the decline in customer service?    Chairman Rogers. Mr. Commissioner, I leave you with two words: Go Cats.