    Mr. Wolosky. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman, Ranking Member Engel, distinguished members of the committee. Good morning.    I appreciate your inviting me once again to appear before this committee. I look forward to continuing our discussion in closed session either later today as we have offered or as soon as possible so that we can have a fuller discussion of some of the classified topics we know are of interest to the committee.    Altogether, a total of 779 detainees have passed through Guantanamo and of those 700 have departed. The vast majority of detainees transferred out of Guantanamo to other countries--some 532--were transferred by the administration of George W. Bush. Under President Obama, a total of 159 detainees have been transferred. Today, 79 remain.    President Bush acted to whittle the detainee population because he understood that, and I quote, ``the detention facility had become a propaganda tool for our enemies and a distraction for our allies.'' President Obama has continued detainee transfers for many of the same reasons. Of the 79 detainees detained at Guantanamo today, 29 are currently approved for transfer. Detainees have been designated as approved for transfer during this administration through one of two rigorous interagency processes.    First, soon after taking office, President Obama ordered the first ever comprehensive interagency review of all of the 242 detainees then in U.S. custody.    In 2009 and 2010, the Guantanamo Review Task Force, sometimes also called the Executive Order Task Force, which was comprised of more than 60 national security professionals from across the government, assembled all reasonable available information relevant to determining an appropriate disposition for each detainee.    Then, based on the task force's recommendations, the Departments of Defense, State, Justice and Homeland Security, the Office of the Director for National Intelligence and the Joint Chiefs of Staff unanimously determined the appropriate disposition for each detainee: Transfer, referral for prosecution or continued law of war detention.    Second, pursuant to Executive Order 13567, detainees who are not--who were not approved for transfer in 2009 and 2010 could be subject to additional review by the Periodic Review Board.    The PRB is comprised of senior representatives from six agencies and departments. None of the PRB representatives are political appointees.    Having described how Guantanamo detainees have been approved for transfer, I would now like to briefly describe the process for transferring detainees.    Decisions regarding whether, when and where to transfer a detainee are the culmination of another rigorous interagency process. The Department of State leads diplomatic negotiations with foreign governments regarding the transfer of Guantanamo detainees.    But we are typically joined in our discussions by senior career officials from the Departments of Defense, Justice and Homeland Security as well as those in the intelligence community and on the joint staff. Generally, transfer negotiations occur in two steps.    First, the U.S. Government obtains or reconfirms a political commitment that the potential receiving country is willing in principle to resettle or repatriate detainees and to impose various measures that will substantially mitigate the threat the detainees may pose after transfer.    Second, we engage in technical discussions with foreign officials responsible for implementing these measures. These technical discussions offer the opportunity to tailor the integration and security measures to specific circumstances under consideration, to share best practices from previous detainee transfers and perhaps most importantly to determine based on an individualized assessment of these specific circumstances whether the statutory standard in the NDAA governing the foreign transfer of Guantanamo detainees can be met.    Once we conclude that our diplomatic negotiations will result in a security framework that we assess will substantially mitigate the threat a detainee may pose after transfer, the Secretary of Defense consults with the Secretaries of State, Homeland Security and the Attorney General, the Director of National Intelligence and the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff on the transfer.    Only after the Secretary of Defense receives the views of those principals and only if he is satisfied that the requirements of the NDAA are satisfied does the Secretary of Defense sign and transmit a certification to the Congress conveying his intention to transfer detainees.    Ladies and gentlemen of the committee, let me close by saying that although we would obviously prefer that no former detainees engage in terrorist or insurgent activity following his transfer, we believe that the low rate of confirmed re-engagement for detainees transferred since January 2009, under 5 percent, is testament to the rigorous interagency approach the administration has taken to both approving detainees for transfer and to negotiating and vetting detainee transfer frameworks.    I look forward to your questions.    Mr. Wolosky. We review the intelligence assessments that are material to the issue before us, which is whether to transfer a detainee to a specific country under certain circumstances in order to be able to meet the statutory standard.    Mr. Wolosky. Yes.    Mr. Wolosky. Yes.    Mr. Wolosky. We cannot by law discuss classified Defense Intelligence Agency assessments in this session, Mr. Chairman. We're happy to do that in closed session.    What I would point out to the committee is that in connection with each transfer we do rely on intelligence reporting that is broader than just DIA reporting and as I said it is tailored specifically to the issue of a transfer to a certain country at a particular point in time and is geared toward a determination or an analysis of whether the relevant statutory standard for transfers can be met.    Mr. Wolosky. Mr. Chairman, I strongly disagree with any suggestion that I misled this committee. In fact, I stand by my testimony from March in which I affirmed that Uruguay had committed to and is in fact taking steps to substantially mitigate the risk of the six detainees that were transferred to its custody in December 2014.    While we would have preferred that Mr. Diyab remained in Uruguay, if in fact he is not in Uruguay currently, until the expiration of the 2-year resettlement program that was the subject of the agreement reached with Uruguay and reached with him, frankly, the fact is is that the standard is not elimination of risk.    It is mitigation of risk, and we never represented to this committee that there was a travel prohibition.    What the President's closure plan describes generally, and I cannot get into this forum--into the specific assurances provided by the Government of Uruguay, but what the President's plan describes are travel restrictions.    The President's plan describes specifically the withholding of international travel documents.    Now, there are a number of additional steps that we take and our partners take to restrict travel and to monitor travel. I cannot go into those in an open session.    I am happy to describe them to you even in this specific context of Uruguay in a closed session. But I cannot do it here.    Mr. Wolosky. Sure. Thank you, Congressman Engel. Five hundred and thirty-two detainees from Guantanamo were released under the administration of George W. Bush. The fact is that we can't tell you much about the circumstances under which they were released.    We can speak to what our administration has done and what we understand to have been the process in the previous administration.    So first, we engage in a rigorous interagency evidence-based process reliant predominantly on career government officials to determine first if a detainee may in principle be designated as approved for transfer.    That's the first step. This is an interagency process that includes many career professionals throughout the government and as I describe in my testimony in this administration there are actually two separate processes at various points in the administration to first determine whether in principle a detainee may be safely transferred, subject to security assurances.    Second thing we do, very carefully, is we negotiate for detainees who have been approved for transfer specific security assurance packages consistent with local law in the places that we transfer these detainees to and after obtaining a political commitment from the country in question that under the circumstances in question the measures to be put in place by the country--monitoring, travel restrictions, information sharing, integration planning--will mitigate substantially the risk that that particular detainee may pose.    That's what we do, and what we have done, as I said in my opening statement, has reduced the re-engagement rate, the confirmed rate to under 5 percent. It's much higher in the previous administration.    We believe that that reflects the fact that the things that I just described simply weren't done in the previous administration. But that is what we have done. Thank you.    Mr. Wolosky. Sure. Thank you. First, I agree with the Special Envoy's comments and I do feel compelled just to address this notion of terrorists escaping and prisoners escaping and things of that sort.    Just to remind the committee that the individuals that we are talking about were held in law-of-war detention by the United States. They were lawfully held under law-of-war detention.    But they weren't convicted of crimes. When we transfer them to foreign countries we transfer them subject to security assurances such as travel restrictions. This is what this administration does. The previous administration did not do this.    There are a large number of detainees of the 532 transferred in the previous administration, certainly, that weren't even subject to the travel restrictions that we put in place on these individuals.    But, again, just want to make sure that we are getting the terminology right because escaping connotes incarceration. When we transfer individuals who the U.S. Government writ large has concluded may be transferred subject to security assurances they are transferred subject to those security assurances and at that point they are not prisoners. They are former detainees under supervision.    Mr. Wolosky. On the issue of foreign countries' surveillance capabilities, I would need to discuss that with you in closed session and I welcome the opportunity to do so so that you may be informed about what those capabilities are and what they aren't and how they were used and applied in this instance.    Mr. Wolosky. Congresswoman, we have provided de minimis resettlement assistance to certain countries to support expenditures such as language training, vocational training, things of that sort.    That is fully disclosed to the Congress in the congressional notifications that you receive.    Mr. Wolosky. I can't tell you off the top of my head but we are happy to provide that information to you supplementally.    Mr. Wolosky. Nothing financial beyond what is in the congressional notifications. Anything related is a broad category.    I can say generally in open session that many of our partners do view a detainee transfer as an opportunity to deepen security and counterterrorism and intelligence cooperation with the United States. We generally welcome that and we look to facilitate that interest where it exists.    Mr. Wolosky. No, not to my knowledge. Paul?    Mr. Wolosky. We would have to talk about intelligence matters in closed session.    Mr. Wolosky. We intend to continue essentially the policy of the previous administration to transfer detainees that we conclude may be safely and responsibly transferred outside the custody of the United States in accordance with applicable law.    Mr. Wolosky. We have 29 detainees who are approved for transfer and our intention is to work to transfer those individuals subject to security assurances.    Mr. Wolosky. I don't think that current law prohibits closing Guantanamo. I think that what current law prohibits is the expenditure of money to move detainees at Guantanamo into the United States.    Mr. Wolosky. I believe the current law prohibits detainees from being brought into the United States.    Mr. Wolosky. Sir, that is correct.    Mr. Wolosky. You're talking about Guantanamo detainees----    Mr. Wolosky . Returned to Afghanistan in 2009?    Mr. Wolosky. The assessment of the intelligence community is that no detainees released since 2009 during this administration are responsible for the deaths of Americans.    Mr. Wolosky. Correct.    Mr. Wolosky. Sir, there are a lot of factual predicates embodied in your question that would require some correction.    Mr. Wolosky. As I indicated in my testimony submitted for the record, we have put in place procedures that are comprehensive, they are rigorous, they are interagency in nature and we believe that, as a result, those procedures have contributed to the very substantial reduction in the re-engagement rates seen between both administrations.    Mr. Wolosky. That's correct.    Mr. Wolosky. It is not correct to say that anyone who has re-engaged under the definitions used by the intelligence community for confirmed or suspected re-engagement is back on the battlefield.    Again, I am happy to talk or, better yet, the intelligence community can speak to the committee about the standards that are used. But it is an overstatement to say that an individual, for instance, who has been suspected of re-engagement is on the battlefield seeking to do harm to coalition forces.    Mr. Wolosky. Sir, again, it is incorrect to assume that individuals released under Bush are less dangerous or more dangerous than released during this administration.    Again, this would require a rather long discussion about why, for instance, the overwhelming preponderance of the detainees who were approved for transfer or who remain in Guantanamo today are from Yemen.    So it is just simply not correct to make blanket assessments about who is more or who is less dangerous or, frankly, what the procedures--you keep talking about vetting done by the Bush administration.    Again, we are not aware of the type of vetting that was done in that administration. So, again, there are a lot of premises embedded in your question.    Mr. Wolosky. Sir, as I indicated previously, it would have been our preference that all six of the detainees transferred to Uruguay, stayed in Uruguay.    Mr. Wolosky. As I said, I would have preferred that he stayed in Uruguay with the five other detainees through the end of the program, which was for another few months until December 2014.    If you're asking me what concerns me, frankly, it is the 532 who were transferred during the previous administration. Without the----    Mr. Wolosky. And I believe I've answered your question.    Mr. Wolosky. We stand by the Sloan letter and we stand by the representations that we made to the Government of Uruguay at the time of the transfer.    In fact, I believe that the Uruguayans told you, Congressman, when you visited, that they believed the United States had provided accurate information about each of the detainees transferred to their custody.    Mr. Wolosky. Why do you think that is?    Mr. Wolosky. Why do you think that is?    Mr. Wolosky. Why would they say one thing to you and another thing privately?    Mr. Wolosky. It may have been correct at the moment. I can assure you that each detainee transferred to Afghanistan or, frankly, anywhere else is subject to the review of the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff and I can tell you that the State Department would not concur in any transfer of a detainee to Afghanistan over the objection of the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff.    Mr. Wolosky. The standard isn't maintaining custody and control because they are not transferred into custody. The standard is substantially mitigating the threat that they may pose and, again, these are determinations that would have been made in conjunction with and subject to the consultation with the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff if in fact they occurred in this administration. I believe that there have been.    Mr. Wolosky. We can't speak to specific security assurances with specific countries in an open session. But what I can say is that any transfer to Afghanistan would have involved the consultation and concurrence of the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff.    That's certainly what we do in all transfers, particularly in a place like Afghanistan. We at the State Department currently would not consent to any transfer to a place like Afghanistan unless the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff concurs in the transfer.    Mr. Wolosky. Yes, sir.    Mr. Wolosky. I don't believe so.    Mr. Wolosky. Actually, the Congress came in with that. It's written into the NDAA. It's a piece of legislation passed by the Congress and signed into law by President Obama.    Mr. Wolosky. Correct.    Mr. Wolosky. I can't speak to that. I don't know what their process was.    Mr. Wolosky. The worst we are not releasing. We're only releasing or transferring subject to security assurances those individuals who have been designated as approved for transfer by the six agencies and departments of the government that are responsible for those decisions.    Mr. Wolosky. I don't think that that is a fair assumption, respectfully. One reason why it is not a fair assumption is for years we haven't released Yemeni detainees who in many cases are low-level fighters, if that, because of the circumstances in Yemen.    So currently many of the detainees who remain in Guantanamo and who are approved for transfer are from Yemen and that could reflect more their nationality than their risk profile.    Mr. Wolosky. No. I am just going to defer to my colleague from the DoD to speak to that transfer because it was an anomalous transfer, as you know, negotiated by the Department of Defense as a prisoner exchange.    Mr. Wolosky. I am confident he will say no when he turns around.    Mr. Wolosky. We can get you the numbers but I believe we've transferred detainees in this administration to, what, 30 or 40 countries?    Mr. Wolosky. I was referring to the U.S. side.    Mr. Wolosky. It can be.    Mr. Wolosky. In some circumstances that I am aware of it is in basically real time.    Mr. Wolosky. We can discuss that in closed session. I would welcome the opportunity to do that today if you would like to, sir.    Mr. Wolosky. I am not aware of a scale. Certainly, the case----    Mr. Wolosky. By their record.    Mr. Wolosky. I don't think so. It would be specific to the performance of a particular country--their monitoring, their information sharing with the United States. If we are not satisfied with the results on a previous transfer we wouldn't transfer a new one to that same place.    Mr. Wolosky. That's correct.    Mr. Wolosky. It's impossible to generalize. Each case is different.    Mr. Wolosky. What I was trying to do was to push back against the suggestion that Bush released the easy ones and we only have the hard ones.    Mr. Wolosky. It is not an accurate characterization.    Mr. Wolosky. We are all about talking about specifics, not generalizations.    Mr. Wolosky. That is why we are here. It is why we have requested the opportunity----    Mr. Wolosky . To speak with you in closed session because, frankly, a lot of what is said----    Mr. Wolosky . Including about Uruguay is just inaccurate and I am happy to tell you if you're interested in learning the facts about why some of what was said----    Mr. Wolosky . In this hearing was inaccurate.    Mr. Wolosky. I am happy to speak to it.    Mr. Wolosky. Thank you, sir.    Mr. Wolosky. This individual, Diyab, frankly, was a problem from the moment he landed in Uruguay and I'll tell you that and be up front about it. His resettlement was difficult.    He did not seem to want to participate in the opportunities that were being afforded to him by the government.    Mr. Wolosky. We are not repopulating Guantanamo.    Mr. Wolosky. We do not release individuals to Yemen.    Mr. Wolosky. I am not aware of that.    Mr. Wolosky. It's difficult to say. As you know, we are asking the Congress to reconsider its position on bringing a small number of detainees into the United States where, as you know, our Federal--as you know, better than most, Congressman, our Federal prison system has a 100-percent success rate in safely incarcerating over 400 convicted terrorists.    Mr. Wolosky. That's correct. You know, there are 10 that are in some phase of the military commission process and are being prosecuted or serving sentences.    The Periodic Review Board process is ongoing so it is possible that the number of detainees who were approved for transfer will increase. But your round numbers are generally correct.    Mr. Wolosky. As the President has said, his intention right now--his goal is to work with the Congress to change the law.    Mr. Wolosky. Absolutely. There are many countries that we look at that we ultimately determined are not suitable for this.    Mr. Wolosky. Yes.    Mr. Wolosky. I'd prefer to talk to you in closed session about that. I mean, what I will say, as you know, generally we prefer repatriations to resettlements because of cultural affinities, language skills, family connections. In this case, you know, that is not going to be possible for Yemen. So we are looking at other alternatives.    Mr. Wolosky. Yes. In fact, we transferred a number of Yemenis, I believe, nine to Saudi Arabia in April.