    Dr. Brashears. Thank you very much.    Mr. Chairman and Members of the Committee, thank you very much for allowing me to speak today about the importance of food safety research, and the need for future funding in this area. I am a Professor of Food Safety and Public Health at Texas Tech University, and I have spent my career studying this important topic.    August 13, 1997, was a very significant day in my life. Not only was it my first day on the job as an Assistant Professor at the University of Nebraska, it was also the day of the Hudson Foods ground beef 25 million pound recall due to E. coli O157:H7 contamination, which was, at the time, the largest recall in U.S. history.    Hudson Foods was located in Columbus, Nebraska, and I was hired with an extension role to work directly with the industry and to field media requests. I remember being interviewed on that first day, and I tried to be reassuring, but really wondering how can we ever solve this problem. On a day I expected to be unpacking boxes, I instead was thrown into the deep end of one of the biggest food safety crises in U.S. history.    It turns out when you are thrown into the deep end, you can either sink or swim, or be thrown a life preserver. A life preserver is what I was given in the form of strong research funding to develop innovative technologies to control this pathogen.    Later, I transferred to Texas Tech University, which is in the heart of the cattle-feeding industry. I partnered with other faculty to conduct several feeding studies to determine if a cattle probiotic I had developed controlled pathogens in the feedlot. To make a long story short, it did work. After several studies, we found that E. coli can be reduced up to 50 percent in live animals; thus, reducing the risk of product contamination. This product has been commercialized and is used in many feedyards across the United States.    Many other things happened in the beef industry to improve safety, including the implementation of HACCP and the use of antimicrobial interventions. I was able to set up a pathogen processing lab at Texas Tech where we developed and validated many interventions and simulated food processing environments. We formed a strong research team in the International Center for Food Industry Excellence, adding additional faculty and moving into new facilities.    When you jump ahead to 2015, there is great news. Investment in food safety research in the past 20 years has saved lives. In the early 1990s, we were scrambling for solutions to control E. coli, but Federal investment in translational research delivered effective controls. The FSIS testing shows that ground beef contamination has fallen more than 90 percent, and the CDC reports that the human incidence has been cut in half. However, the food safety problem is far from being solved. The incidents of Salmonellosis remains steady, and illnesses associated with Campylobacter are actually rising. Antibiotic resistance actually decreases our ability to treat many of the illnesses associated with these pathogens. The availability of funds for food safety research has decreased, which leaves scientists scrambling for limited resources.    Research at Texas Tech can address problems on both the pre- and post-harvest side of food processing. For example, recent data indicates that the probiotic that reduces E. coli in cattle also reduces Salmonella in lymph nodes, which is a significant source of beef contamination. We have several studies underway, studying the mechanisms associated with the emergence of antibiotic resistance. And finally, we have molecular scientists who study detection technologies so we can react to problems quickly. We are well poised and ready to meet emerging food safety challenges. Also, of critical importance, is a transfer of our knowledge to our stakeholders. We have engaged social scientists as a key part of our research team to study human behavior in the food plant environment in order to effectively implement useful technologies. I am finding that more scientists like myself are engaging with social media to provide clarity to consumers. I personally have a a site on social media, The Food Doctor, which can be found on Facebook, where I provide science-based information to the public.    In summary, investments in research and education save lives. There is a need to address food safety issues in the U.S. and globally to improve the quality of life, and to protect public health for our population. Funding is the key to develop new technologies to control emerging pathogens, and to communicate science-based information to our final stakeholders.    Thank you very much, and I will be happy to answer any questions.    Dr. Brashears. Okay.    The Chairman. I will take it out of Mr. Newhouse's time.    Dr. Brashears. Okay, great. Yes, well, thank you. We have invested quite a bit in developing the cattle probiotic, and like I said, we have found that it does reduce E. coli in cattle by up to 50 percent, which obviously doesn't eliminate it, but through the food processing system, it is an elimination or reduction of risk----    Dr. Brashears. I don't have an exact number of how many lives have been saved, but we do know that biotechnology does save lives. It increases our ability to produce crops and more abundance in certain environments where, in the past, we could not have done that because of the resistance to disease. It allows us to feed animals and provide protein to the different groups of people that need it. So the number of lives saved is tremendous.    As you know, this week there were some new goals set forth of zero hunger, zero poverty over the next several years. And do I believe that that is achievable? Yes, because I don't think that you should set a goal--or you should set your goals very high, and that you can do things to achieve it. And that can be done through research. We do have the issue of dealing with public perception and getting that knowledge to the individual who doesn't understand science. And I am guilty as well of looking at the consumer and thinking, well, here is the data, how come they don't believe that. But this involves engaging our social scientists and understanding what motivates them to make that decision. And it becomes more of understanding the knowledge and having it, and understanding that person as an individual and what motivates them to make those decisions. It becomes a part of their belief system. And we are gaining more information on that through research on vaccines and why people choose to vaccinate their children or not. One of the classic examples we use is raw milk. People perceive that raw milk is healthier, but it can contain deadly pathogens. If you feed it to your children they can get sick and even die. And that is the bottom line. Getting that message out becomes difficult because parents think I am doing something healthy, something better for my children, and which piece of scientific information do I believe.    So yes, biotechnology saves lives. We need to continue to develop technologies to improve crop production, animal production, around the world in order to achieve these new goals of zero hunger, zero poverty around the globe.    Dr. Brashears. We take multiple approaches. A lot of our work is directly applicable to the food industry. So we work through our commodity groups, such as AMI or NAMI and NCBA, they have been very supportive of our work, and they can help us reach our stakeholders, either through workshops that we can do at Texas Tech or on-site for different companies or organizations, or even cattle producers. So workshops, our website, social media. As I said, I have a social media page where I try to convey information to producers as well as consumers. So we utilize these different resources we have in order to get our research results to the public, and we work with our communications group to put those messages, to tailor those in a way where they understand, so we are not too scientific and going over their heads where we are going to turn them off, to make the message appealing to the general population and our stakeholders.    Dr. Brashears. I want to jump in just real quick. Texas Tech University does not get the traditional agriculture formula funding because we are not land-grant. I think that not at the expense of other universities, the land-grant institutions, I do think that there are many large agricultural universities who do not qualify for the formula funding that could benefit from a program that provides some sort of baseline funding for the work that we do. In the words of our Dean, Dr. Mike Galyean, he says that Texas Tech has a much larger research footprint than many of our land-grant counterparts, and it would be very beneficial for us to move ahead in the research arena if the non-land-grant ag-related programs could have some type of program to support them on a very basic foundational level. And I just wanted to jump in and give that before everyone else makes their comments.    Dr. Brashears. Absolutely, yes.