    Mr. LaMalfa. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. That is why we do come here and talk, is to have a dialogue about how we improve a system that is in place that is helping many, many children, and people on the lower end of the income scale. We just want to target that better, because we are all about having it be effective, and having people's tax dollars be stewarded carefully as well, too. There are both ends of that scale that you hear. So I hope the hearings will produce a better coordinated effort there, what your efforts have done with your panels around the country, it looks like. So how many of those have you convened around the country? I am aware of one you had in Oakland, and----    Mr. LaMalfa. Were they all similar----    Mr. LaMalfa. Now, we were supposed to have a report in October. What held that up from--I guess it is going to be December now?    Mr. LaMalfa. All right. Well, I appreciate the effort.    Mr. Doar.--next month.    Mr. LaMalfa. I appreciate the effort. IRS demands I get mine done on time. I am just kidding you a little bit there, the thing you are talking about here with the gap, Mr. Scott was talking about that it has puzzled me for a long time, even before I have been here in this political world. You can have the so-called welfare cliff, where they have a certain amount of income from public assistance, and then if they get a job, they find that they are lower than that.    I have always felt the need to find a better way of tapering that to where a job, whether they have been able to become employed, or a better position or whatever, that will be a net plus to them to be employed, and if they are receiving some sort of assistance, whether it is SNAP or others, that they are better off, and that the incentive to advance is better, if they are in a position without disability, or retirement, whatever, that they can do that. So I hope the efforts of this Commission will help us to shape that. It is something that I am surprised we are not really aware of after all this time. Ms. Fudge was frustrated we talked a lot. Well, I guess I would be frustrated too that we don't know this already, of how to----    Mr. LaMalfa. That is the thing here; we don't talk enough in this town of the cost of doing business. I am a farmer in my real life, and the cost of producing food, whether it is me and rice, or my colleagues and dairy, or----    Mr. LaMalfa. There are so many costs that raise the cost of delivering a product from the field, or the handling. You have intervention, environmental regs, and you have the labor regs, you have health regs, some of them very well intentioned, some of them way off the mark. We are having food costs, or other, like, Health Department issues, where people that want to donate food, or they want to help people in certain ways, find barriers to that. Stupid barriers, sometimes, because of a bureaucrat somewhere saying, you can't do this, and people are ready to help. Or you have somebody saying you can't do that because it might cause a labor problem, something like that. I hope we can really identify these cost of doing business barriers that aren't necessary. Whether it is producing the food--and we talked about jobs. Mr. McGovern, Mr. Scott also mentioned that if we had more jobs available in this country. We don't have a jobs economy lately. We have trillions of dollars offshore that would like to be repatriated back to this country. Probably not your bag here, but there are issues that we need to do to have a jobs economy in this country, and raise people up from that.    So the cliff, was this brought up a lot in the public testimony on your various stops?    Mr. LaMalfa. I thank you. I will yield back, Mr. Chairman.    The Chairman. The gentleman's time has expired. Mr. McGovern, 5 minutes.