    Ms. Myers. Thank you, and good afternoon. I would like to thank the committee and subcommittee chairmen and ranking members and other esteemed committee members for the opportunity to be here today. I will be summarizing my written testimony, which I have submitted for the record.    Let me begin by saying that this hearing, ``China's Advance in Latin America and the Caribbean,'' is very appropriately titled. As we have discussed, China's presence in Latin America and other regions has grown at a remarkable rate in just over a decade.    Latin American and Caribbean exports to China have increased 23 percent per year, on average, since 2000, although that has slowed rather considerably in recent years. We have talked a lot about the $119 billion in finance that China has given to Latin America since 2005, and most of that is going to Venezuela, Ecuador, Argentina, and Brazil. There are numerous investors now present in Latin America--small private ones, large SOEs, banks, both commercial and policy banks, and also China's sovereign wealth fund, although China's foreign direct investment in the region is still fairly low.    China's growing presence, as we have mentioned, in Latin America is also apparent in cultural, educational, military, and political spheres, although over the past decade and a half so much of overall engagement has supported the objectives of China's so-called ``going out'' strategy. And these include securing access to raw materials, establishing new markets for Chinese exports, promoting Chinese brands--and there are many, many Chinese brands in Latin America now--and internationalizing Chinese firms.    And much of what we see China doing in the region today can still be viewed as supporting these objectives. In this sense, China's interest in the region has been rather static. But the relationship has also evolved in some very important ways, and I would like to use my remaining time to briefly highlight three examples.    We have, first of all, seen some important changes in the way in which Chinese firms are investing in the region. Especially in the agriculture and energy sectors, there are growing efforts to invest not only in crop cultivation and mining and drilling, for example, but across entire supply chains--in production, processing, logistics, and marketing--this in order to better control supply and pricing and also to compete with other multinationals and also U.S. firms.    Like in Asia, Latin America has also seen growing interest from China in the development of cross-regional transportation infrastructure, such as the proposed Brazil-Peru railway, but there are many, many other examples. These projects are largely intended to facilitate the transport of raw materials to port, especially along the Pacific coast. Pacific maritime routes are often favorable to those that go through the Gulf of Aden or other areas--transport security, in other words.    Second, there is a perceived change or a growing focus on the part of China in region-wide diplomatic initiatives in Latin America and the Caribbean. And we have mentioned already the China-CELAC forum, which was established in 2014 and which excludes the U.S. and Canada. China has also recently announced several new regional credit lines and investment funds. China's central bank announced this month that it will establish a $10 billion fund for investment in Latin American manufacturing or production capacity.    And, finally, we have seen some important changes in Chinese firm operations. Recent case study analysis suggests that Chinese companies have made real advances in community relations and adherence to local, environmental, and labor standards. But complaints about Chinese companies continue to surface, and the environmental standards of China's top lenders to Latin America are still weaker than those of other international financial institutions. There are also indications, troubling indications, that some Latin American governments have intentionally weakened standards and regulations in order to attract Chinese and other investment or to facilitate cross-Pacific trade.    And China's ongoing financial support for certain governments in the region, to include Maduro in Venezuela, is thought to enable continued economic mismanagement and to facilitate corruption and standards erosion.    So I would conclude simply by saying that China is and will continue to be an important economic partner for many countries in the region, even as economic growth slows on both sides of the Pacific. Whether China-Latin America relations are, in fact, a win-win and mutually beneficial, as China indicates, is debatable. Chinese economic engagement has certainly contributed to growth in some countries in the region, and Chinese investment could be helpful for some Latin American industries or sectors. But mutual benefit requires the regions' governments to negotiate effectively and maintain necessary environmental, labor, and other standards. And I think that the U.S. has a real role in potentially facilitating these developments.    Thank you very much.    Ms. Myers. Absolutely. I believe the U.S. disengagement in the region has provided considerable space for China and other partners, economic partners, to engage quite a bit over the past few years.    But I think this also has to do with what many Chinese scholars are calling diplomatic transformation. And this is not a well-defined concept, but I think the general idea is the development of a diplomacy or a diplomatic presence that is consistent now with China's global growing role and the ``one road, one belt'' strategy, as described in this forum, as are new initiatives over the past couple of years, like the China-CELAC forum in Latin America.    So there is kind of an enhanced interest also in, basically during the Xi Jinping administration, in promoting a new form of diplomacy, more or less.    Ms. Myers. I have strong beliefs about the canal.    Well, since it was first discussed in 2013, there has been really no progress, either in terms of construction or in terms of finance, as far as we know. There is a considerable lack of transparency surrounding this entire project, so it is difficult to tell.    The general consensus is that, in order for this to proceed, it needs to be funded by a government, and specifically in this case China. But there is no clear evidence at this point that China is backing this project in particular. In fact, China has tried to distance itself from the Nicaragua Canal, unlike all of these other major infrastructure projects that it has proposed throughout the region. And these others are big, too, and extremely expensive.    So I don't see much progress in the coming years. We have seen the construction of an access road, a gravel road, some lights. There are many, many promises of additional milestones, but they tend to never come to pass.    Ms. Myers. Certainly, we have already seen a pretty remarkable decrease in trade with Latin America, especially in South America, commodities trade over the past year, in particular, but also before that. Also, turbulence in Chinese markets and the Shanghai Stock Exchange and then the recent devaluation of the yuan has had effect on global markets, obviously, and then so also has affected Latin America quite considerably and, especially, again, commodities exporters--Chile, Peru, and others.    And so, in the short term, yes, there is a considerable effect on Latin America, and this is troubling to many.    In the medium to long term, I think--well, in the medium term, at least, we will see considerably more demand still for Chinese goods, for Chinese commodities--or, I am sorry, for Latin American commodities, in particular, and for Chinese goods in Latin America. These things aren't going to change immediately. Growth has slowed in trade, but it is still growing.    And China very much is looking not only to Latin America but to other regions for raw materials, of course, but also to help it facilitate its reform process. So many of these investments promote, for example, economic upgrading, which is a major element of reform, or the use of excess steel in China, and that is a major problem in the domestic Chinese economy.    So we will see more, absolutely.    Ms. Myers. I just wanted to add that Wang Jing's company, Xinwei, just declared bankruptcy. So it kind of bodes poorly, I think, for the canal operation as well, considering that he is funding much of the first sort of elements of that.    Ms. Myers. Not on the OAS. But I would say that, I mean, at the very least, there was a Pew study, a Pew Research study that was done a couple of years ago on perceptions of China and the U.S. In Latin America. And it was very clear that the perceptions of the U.S. are still extremely strong. China is rising in certain respects. But we have a very strong relationship with Latin America and there is much to build on in that respect.    But, yes, in terms of finance, no-conditions finance is very appealing to many countries in the region. And for that reason, not only in terms of investment, but also in finance, there have been cases when Chinese companies and banks have won out over American companies and banks, and that is problematic.    Ms. Myers. Sure, just very briefly. I mean, there is a possibility that Tsai Ing-wen, the new candidate who is part of the DPP party, could win the next election. And, of course, she and her party are more supportive of Taiwanese independence than the KMT.    If that were the case, then we could see a sort of reemergence, there has been a diplomatic truce so far, but we could see a lot more competition between China and Taiwan in the region, especially in Central America and the Caribbean. I am not sure how that would play out, but there is a good possibility there.    And then just on the Dalai Lama, you see both sort of direct opposition to Dalai Lama visits, for example, and indirect. For example, you have a Confucius Institute in your university and you are receiving a lot of funding from China for that Confucius Institute, are you going to invite the Dalai Lama even though you might want to? Maybe not, because it certainly risks complete removal of all of that funding.    So you see certainly that sort of influence happening very, very indirect, very sort of under the table. But it is happening.    Ms. Myers. We are hosting a meeting with the OAS today, and they have done a fantastic job of helping us out.    But, no, I mean, I would actually agree with Enrique that U.S. participation in some form in CELAC--I mean, it was the brain child of Hugo Chavez and so it almost intentionally did not include the U.S. and Canada. But I think at least in the initial observer capacity, whereby, you know, facilitating in some form some of the technical cooperation that has been proposed could be a good thing.    The OAS, obviously there is much to do there to improve its function. But I agree that it is also a useful organization to the extent that it can be more effective in the region.