    Mr. Poe. The subcommittees will come to order.    Without objection, all members may have 5 days to submit statements, questions, and extraneous materials for the record, subject to the length limitation and the rules.    I recognize myself for the opening statement.    Time and time again, we are reminded of the massive damage that terrorists cause even with just a little money. Today, terrorist groups have more money than some small countries. ISIS is the richest terrorist organization in world history, bringing in over $1 billion in 2014 alone.    Drawing on these funds, ISIS has managed to stage terrorist attacks throughout the world and kill thousands of people. ISIS is not alone. Terrorists raise billions annually to carry out their bloody agendas. This is precisely why our Government agencies have been tasked with stemming the flow of money to terrorist groups. When we can separate the terrorists from their money, lives can be saved.    According to the Treasury Department, the underlying vulnerabilities within the U.S. financial system today ``remain largely the same as those identified in 2005.'' Terrorists are still able to park and move cash through financial systems.    Part of the problem is that the United States still does not have a comprehensive strategy across all American agencies to combat terrorist financing. Policies and priorities differ from one agency to the next in a seemingly ad hoc fashion. In fact, there isn't even a clear method by which our various agencies can coordinate their efforts. Agencies working on counterterrorist finance had previously coordinated through the Terrorist Financing Working Group. However, this working group has been on a hiatus for some time and agencies are forced to coordinate informally.    Another tool to counter terrorist financing that hasn't been used: Designation of domestic charities. According to the Treasury Department's Web site, the United States has not blacklisted any charities since the February 2009 designation of the Tamil Foundation. There are also nonconcrete metrics in place to measure the effectiveness of counterterrorist finance efforts, making it difficult to determine the need and appropriate tools required for a successful strategy.    For instance, the counter-ISIL finance cell was established in late 2014 to work on intelligence collection and operations to cut off ISIS' financing. The administration says that the cell has significantly improved our understanding of ISIS' financial activity. This is a start, but what are the cell's metrics of success? What are its goals, and how do we know if it is doing a good job?    Beyond its own government efforts, we still have a long way to go when it comes to collaborating with our international partners to counter terror finance, to ensure our efforts are not fragmented, and that our respective skills and intelligence are leveraged correctly.    Sometimes our international partners seem to be doing exactly the opposite of what our policy is. According to U.S. Government figures, terrorist groups earned over $165 million between 2000 and 2014 from governments that make ransom payments. To better understand the significance of this troubling trend, Treasury Under Secretary David Cohen said in 2012 that kidnapping for ransom has become so lucrative for terrorists that it is today's most significant source of terrorist financing.    Denying terrorists ransom payments is not just a U.S. policy. It is the international standard champion by the Financial Action Task Force, the Counter-ISIL Financing Group, and the United Nations.    International noncompliance with antiterror financing standards does not just end there. According to a Financial Action Task Force report, almost every country in the world has enacted antiterror financing laws, but only 33 of the 194 countries surveyed have actually reported any convictions using these laws.    The laws are worthless unless they are put into action. We must do more to get our partners to implement these laws so that they will have already passed in their respective nations.    Our international partners can also do more to stop the flow of money from private donors to terrorist groups. Between 2013 and 2014, ISIS received $40 million from donors in Saudi Arabia, Qatar, and Kuwait. All those countries have terror financing laws on the books, but the money still flows across their borders to ISIS.    The more we can improve on both our internal coordination and our international cooperation, the less money terrorists can have. We need more information. We need to have more information, and we know both wildlife trafficking and trade-based money laundering are sources for revenue for terrorists as well. We simply have not collected the necessary intelligence, however, and done the required analysis to understand these sources.    Going after sources of revenue for terrorists can be a powerful tool to render them powerless. Terrorists need money to pay their fighters, buy their weapons, and pull off the attacks. If we can work to deny them the money, that means we are a big step closer to defeating terrorists worldwide.    I will now yield to the gentleman from South Carolina to make his opening statement.    Mr. Poe. I thank the chairman of the Armed Services Emerging Threats and Capabilities Subcommittee.    I yield to the gentleman from Massachusetts, Mr. Bill Keating, for his opening statement, the ranking member of the Terrorism Subcommittee.    Mr. Poe. I thank the gentleman from Massachusetts.    I recognize the ranking member of the Emerging Threats and Capabilities Subcommittee, Mr. James Langevin of Rhode Island, for 5 minutes for his opening statement.    Mr. Poe. I thank the gentleman from Rhode Island.    Without objection, all members may have 5 days to submit statements, questions, and extraneous material for the record subject to the length limitation in the rules.    I will introduce the witnesses and give them time for opening statements.    Mr. Daniel Glaser is the assistant secretary for terrorist financing in the Treasury Department's Office of Terrorism and Financial Intelligence. Mr. Andrew Keller is the deputy assistant secretary for counterthreat finance and sanctions in the State Department's Bureau of Economic and Business Affairs. Ms. Theresa Whelan serves as the principal deputy assistant secretary for defense for special operations, low intensity conflict. She is a career member of the Senior Executive Service and has worked for 27 years in the defense intelligence area. Mr. William Woody is the chief of the Office of Law Enforcement of the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service.    Without objection, the witnesses' prepared statements will be made part of the record.    I ask the witnesses please keep your remarks to no more than 5 minutes. If you hear the gavel, that means you have got to stop. So 5 minutes, and we will start with you, Mr. Glaser. You may present your opening statement.    Mr. Poe. Thank you, Mr. Glaser.    Mr. Keller, you have 5 minutes.    Mr. Poe. Thank you, Mr. Keller.    Ms. Whelan.    Mr. Poe. Thank you, Ms. Whelan.    Mr. Woody.    Mr. Poe. Is that the slide you are looking for?    Mr. Poe. Who are those guys?    Mr. Poe. I thank all of you for your testimony before the subcommittees.    The members of the subcommittees will have votes shortly, but we will take turns asking questions until the votes begin, and then we will resume 15 minutes after the last vote.    I recognize myself for some questions.    I have been making a list of the things you have commented on on how the bad guys get money, and let me go through those, and then I want you to add those that I missed.    First of all, cash from rich donors, individual donors in foreign countries, they just send cash to the terrorist groups; the black market of goods, tobacco, for example, as the ranking member mentioned; the trafficking of people, the sale of people as sex slaves; ransom payments; bank robberies; oil on the black market; antiquities; drug trafficking; ISIS tax people in their areas if they are not loyal to ISIS, if they are Christians or some other Muslim faith are taxed; this disturbing news about wildlife trafficking; and then you have state sponsor of terror, Iran who gives money to Hezbollah wherever they are in the world.    Did I leave out any? You all are awful quiet. I mean, this is disturbing news here. I am not going to be critical of what we have done. I just want to try to see if we can move forward and stop the money flow.    Mr. Woody, your testimony is compelling. My understanding is if something doesn't happen pretty soon, elephants in Africa and the rhinos are going to be extinct. Is that correct?    Mr. Poe. The elephant tusks end up eventually--most of them, not all--end up in China. Is that correct?    Mr. Poe. And rhino horns are ground for their powder, and they end up in Vietnam.    Mr. Poe. All right. And what about foreign charities or charities working in the United States as a foreign--or as a charity, do they raise money for terrorist groups? Any of you want to weigh in on that?    Mr. Poe. Like what charities? You have any names? You can name names in----    Mr. Poe. Okay. What about domestic charities in the United States?    Mr. Poe. Okay. The Holy Land Foundation. All right. Let me ask you this. How do we get all you all and the folks in law enforcement working to share information, intelligence about what is being done worldwide on financing terror groups? Because my understanding is everybody is kind of doing their own thing. I am not saying they are doing a bad job. They are just doing their own thing without coordination with other American agencies and then foreign governments.    Ms. Whelan, you want to weigh in on that?    Mr. Poe. But are we doing enough? Are we doing enough? I am not critical of what we are doing. I am just asking are we doing enough? Because of all of these different ways that the bad guys, outlaws raise money, how can we move forward to do even a better job? You got some ideas?    Mr. Poe. All right. I will have additional questions I will submit for the record for you all to answer.    I will recognize the chairman of the subcommittee, Mr. Wilson from South Carolina.    Mr. Poe. I thank the gentleman from South Carolina.    The committees will be in recess until 15 minutes after the last vote starts, and we will resume with the questions from Mr. Keating from Massachusetts.    The subcommittees are in recess.    Mr. Poe. The subcommittees will come to order.    The chair recognizes the ranking member of the Terrorism Subcommittee, Mr. Bill Keating from Massachusetts, for his questions.    Mr. Poe. Could you talk a little louder?    Mr. Poe. We are 5 miles away from you up here, so would you talk louder? Thank you.    Mr. Poe. I thank the gentleman from Massachusetts.    The chair recognizes the ranking member, Mr. Langevin from Rhode Island, for his questions.    Mr. Poe. I thank the gentleman from Rhode Island.    Ms. Whelan, submit the answer to that question to both committee chairs, the full committee chairs, and that will be dispersed to everyone, including the gentleman from Rhode Island.    The chair recognizes Colonel Cook--I started to say former Marine, but there is no such thing as a former Marine--from California.    Mr. Poe. I thank the gentleman from California.    Without objection, the chair will recognize Ms. Gabbard from Hawaii, who is a member of both full committees, unless there is objection.    Without objection, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Poe. The gentlelady yields back the time.    The chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania, Mr. Perry, for 5 minutes and his questions.