    Mr. Klingner. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, Ranking Member Sherman, and other distinguished members of the panel. It truly is an honor to be asked to appear before you on such an important issue to our national security.    North Korea's recent nuclear test has again triggered widespread calls to do something tougher on North Korea. But we have been here many times before, and each time administration claims of tough action were taken at face value, pledges to be even tougher the next time were issued, and interest was eventually diverted elsewhere.    More effective action was also hindered by several widely accepted myths about North Korean sanctions. The first myth is that sanctions can't affect an isolated country like North Korea. Targeted financial measures, which are a law enforcement mechanism, are directed against specific entities that violate U.S. laws. Even the most isolated regime, criminal organization, or terrorist group is tied into the global financial order.    The vast majority of all international financial transactions, including those of North Korea, are denominated in dollars, which means they must go through a U.S. Treasury Department regulated bank in the United States. That gives the United States tremendous power and leverage to freeze and seize assets, to impose fines such as a $9-billion fine imposed on a French bank for improper financial transactions with Cuba, Iran, and Sudan, and also to deny access to the U.S. financial system.    As you already pointed out, Mr. Chairman, a second myth is that North Korea is the most heavily sanctioned country in the world. President Obama claims North Korea is the most isolated, the most sanctioned, the most cutoff nation on Earth. That is simply not true. The U.S., the European Union, and the U.N. imposed far more pervasive and compelling measures against Iran than North Korea.    Also, unilaterally, the United States has targeted far fewer North Korean entities than those of the Balkans, Burma, Cuba, Iran, and Zimbabwe. The U.S. has sanctioned more than twice as many Zimbabwean entities as North Korean entities. We have also designated Iran and Burma as primary money laundering concerns, but not North Korea, which is counterfeiting our currency.    The U.S. has sanctioned officials from Burma, Burundi, Congo, Iran, Syria, Sudan, and Zimbabwe, for human rights violations, and sanctioned by name the Presidents of Belarus and Zimbabwe, but not yet sanctioned a single North Korean entity for human rights violations nearly 2 years after a U.N. Commission of Inquiry report concluded the regime was conducting such egregious human rights violations as to constitute crimes against humanity.    The U.S. has also frozen the assets of Sudan, Iranian, and Syrian, but not North Korean, officials and entities for censorship. The list goes on and on, and I have included other examples in my written testimony.    A third myth is there is nothing more the U.S. can impose on North Korea. After he left office, former Assistant Secretary of State Kurt Campbell commented, ``It would be possible for us to put more financial pressure on North Korea. We can make life much more difficult through financial sanctions on North Korea.'' And he also pointed out he was surprised when he was in government to find out that there were about 10 times as many sanctions on Burma as there were on North Korea.    President Obama, Secretary of State John Kerry, and other officials have made similar statements indicating that there are other measures that the U.S. could impose but hasn't.    A fourth myth is that sanctions don't work. As Dr. Cha already pointed out, tougher measures were effective when applied. In 2005, the U.S. designated the Macao-based bank Banco Delta Asia as a money laundering concern for facilitating North Korean illicit activities. As a result of Washington belatedly enforcing its laws, as well as a series of sub rosa meetings by U.S. officials throughout Asia, two dozen financial institutions voluntarily cut back or terminated their business with North Korea.    And a North Korea negotiator admitted to a senior White House official, ``You finally found a way to hurt us.'' Instead, what the U.S. should be doing is implementing the Iran model against North Korea. Just as strong international measures induced Tehran back to the negotiating table, more robust measures are needed to leverage North Korea.    While implementing new sanctions measures is important, fully implementing and enforcing already existing, far-reaching measures is also critical. The U.S. has the tools; we have just lacked the resolve to fully use them.    For years the Obama administration has been hitting the snooze bar on sanctions. It has pursued a policy of timid incrementalism by holding some sanctions in abeyance to be rolled out after the next North Korean violation or provocation. The U.S. instead needs to sharpen the choices for North Korea by raising the risk and cost for those violating laws and U.N. resolutions, not only North Korea but also those that facilitate its actions.    In my written testimony, I provided a lengthy list of very specific recommendations for U.S. and South Korean actions that should be implemented against North Korea. Neither sanctions nor diplomacy alone is a panacea. Both are essential and, along with fully funding U.S. defense requirements, should be mutually reinforcing elements of a comprehensive integrated strategy.    I will conclude my presentation with the same question I posed to this committee 2 years ago. Why has the United States hesitated to impose the same legal measures against North Korea that it has already used against other countries for far less egregious violations of U.S. and international law?    Thank you again for the privilege of appearing before you.been coming out of Washington, DC.    It has been a conundrum, as pointed out by my colleague, Dana Rohrabacher, that is not new. It is not an issue that was resolved at one time and has degraded. It has never been resolved. And every time I have spoken with any expert about how to get North Korea to start living with accepted international norms, especially when it comes to proliferation, every one of those conversations always involves China, because they are the 800-pound gorilla when it comes to dealing with North Korea, because of North Korea's dependence on them for food and energy.    And, Ms. Glaser, you have made some very I think astute observations on what China could do. But how do we motivate them properly to get that done? There have been a lot of things talked about--maybe targeted sanctions that involve Chinese banks that fund North Korea. Maybe that is something we can look at. I spoke to Mr. Sherman about that, maybe looking at that in a bipartisan way.    Mr. Klingner, you have said that in your submitted speech, your written speech, you are going to be talking about several of the sanctions that maybe could and should be on the table. I would like us to really look at entertaining those. I think that the bill that was passed yesterday on the House floor was a good move. I think it moves the ball up the field. But I think there is even more to be done.    You have pointed out, rightly so, Mr. Klingner, that we haven't even considered or done similar things that we have done to far less egregious offenders in the world today. And I think that is abominable. I think we should put all things on the table.    I would like to ask you, Mr. Klingner, why do you think that there has been such restraint on dealing with North Korea in the same way that we have dealt with far less offenders? What is the rationale? It doesn't make any sense to me. Why have we been so reticent to do so?    Mr. Klingner. That is an excellent question, sir, which I really don't have an answer to. It really is counterintuitive. You know, if you just compare Iran and North Korea, Iran remains in the Non-Proliferation Treaty. North Korea is out. Iran claims that its nuclear program is for civilian purposes. North Korea quite clearly says it is to incinerate the U.S. and its allies. Iran, you know, has not exploded a nuclear device. North Korean has done four.    And Iran has oil. One would think that we would have more pressure on North Korea than Iran, but we haven't. There are perhaps the concerns as to how North Korea will respond if we impose additional measures. I don't think we should be hesitant to enforce our laws because of the concerns of what the criminal will do if we enforce them.    Similarly, as has already been talked about, is how will China respond? When I advocated additional measures against North Korea, I have said, ``Let the law enforcement people go where the evidence takes them.'' And someone once commented to me that, ``Oh, so you want to sacrifice the all-important U.S.-China relationship over North Korea?''    I said, ``Well, no. What I am saying is I don't want to give China immunity from U.S. law simply because they are China.'' So we should go where the evidence takes us. We should sanction whatever entities are violating U.S. and international law and U.N. resolutions, not because they are Chinese but because they are violating our laws and the resolutions.    Mr. Klingner. Yes. Last year I wrote a detailed research paper that South Korea should allow the U.S. to deploy THAAD, the Terminal High Altitude Air Defense System. To date, the South Korean administration has not even wanted to publicly discuss it. And, as I pointed out in the paper, THAAD is better than anything the South Koreans have or will have for decades to come. It is more much capable.    Also, I point out that the Chinese claims that it will impair their ability to assault the United States or our allies with missiles, they are red herrings. The THAAD is very effective against North Korean missiles, but it will have no constrainment on Chinese missiles. Therefore, China's objections are politically based.    So I think the U.S., in consultation with our allies, should deploy THAAD. It will improve the defense of not only our forces there, but of South Korea, and also, as Dr. Cha said, to have South Korea integrate its system into the more comprehensive, effective allied system with Japan, because we are all in this together. You know, the same North Korean missile could be aimed on the same trajectory toward South Korea, U.S. Forces in Korea, or U.S. Forces in Japan, which are critical for the defense of the Republic of Korea.    Mr. Klingner. I was going to address your comment about North Korea as a terrorist nation, if I could. In my written testimony, I have a long list of actions that North Korea has taken which I think fulfill the legal obligation for relisting them as a terrorist nation. There are a number of U.S. statutes. Perhaps the most relevant is 18 U.S. Code 2331, which defines international terrorism as ``involving violent acts that would be a violation of criminal laws of the U.S., and that appear to be intended to intimidate or coerce a civilian population.''    I think the threats of a ``9/11-type attack'' for citizens of the U.S., or inhabitants of the U.S. to go to theaters to watch that movie, you know, is considered trying to coerce the population. And there have been a number of items that I have listed of North Korean attempts at assassination and kidnapping and that have been recognized by South Korean courts. So I think any one of those should have put North Korea back on the U.S. list, and certainly cumulatively.    As for whether North Korea would sell a nuclear weapon, as you correctly point out, they have shared and sold nuclear and missile technology with a list of rogue nations. I question whether they would sell a completed weapon, though. I think it might go beyond what they would be willing to do, but I certainly could be very wrong on that. Certainly, as they develop a larger arsenal, they might be more willing to do something.    Mr. Klingner. If I could just add, we talk about Chinese resistance, the Chinese Government resistance to actions. But we can actually get Chinese banks to work in our interests. With the Banco Delta Asia issue, as I mentioned before, the U.S. sent officials throughout Asia, including to the Bank of China, to talk and point out that under Section 311 they could face seizure of their assets in the United States and be precluded from accessing the U.S. financial system, which really is the kiss of death for any financial institution.    Even though the Chinese Government was urging the Chinese banks to resist any pressure, the banks themselves had to worry about their own reputational risk, their own access to the international system. So they complied. They severed--Bank of China, for example, severed its relationship with North Korea, even if the Chinese Government didn't want it, but they had to take those actions themselves to maintain, you know, the Bank of China as an entity.    Mr. Klingner. Yes, I agree. And even though my comments today have focused on sanctions, when I have talked about these in other fora in the past, I have always emphasized the context that it is one instrument.    Mr. Klingner. Right. Just as diplomacy has not been effective.    Mr. Klingner. So, we often get into a binary debate of sanctions versus engagement, and we need both. I mean, it is part of a comprehensive integrated strategy. So we need continued offers of conditional engagement based on conditionality, reciprocity, transparency.    Unfortunately, we have had many agreements, four agreements, for them never to pursue nuclear weapons, and then four agreements to give up the weapons they promised never to build in the first place. Additional pressure, and then also those two tracks we hope will convince North Korea to alter its behavior, and then you also need the third track of having to ensure that you have sufficient defenses for yourself and your allies.    But when people say sanctions don't work because North Korea hasn't cut up its weapons, well, diplomacy was equally unable to do that. But sanctions have a number of other purposes. One is to enforce U.S. law. Two is to impose a penalty, a cost or pain when someone violates our law or international law or U.N. resolutions, and hopefully a deterrent to other would-be violators.    Three is to put into place mechanisms to impede the inflow of prohibited items, components for their nuclear missile programs, and the money from illicit activities. Four, to prevent or at least constrain proliferation. And, five, the most difficult, is to alter their behavior.    I would argue on four of the five that they have had some success.    Mr. Klingner. North Korea is easy to ridicule, and it is easy to make the butt of jokes, as members of the panel have pointed out. It is a very real threat, a nuclear threat, a biological/chemical threat, that conventional forces, cyber threat, human rights threat, it runs the gamut, and it is not only against our allies, but increasingly to the United States.    Last year three U.S. four-star commanders said that North Korea has a nuclear weapon that could hit the United States today. They must know something. A year or so ago, South Korean press had a lot of articles from defectors about Kim Jong Un had directed a new war plan be implemented after--or created after he came into office, so that North Korea could take over the peninsula in 7 days before the U.S. could flow reinforcements there. That would require, as directed in that war plan, the use of nuclear weapons. It is a real threat.    Mr. Klingner. Just commenting on yesterday's bill, it closes a number of loopholes. It elevates a number of existing executive orders or regulations to legislation giving it additional power. It makes a number of implementations mandatory rather than discretionary. So I think it has--will provide a number of benefits to the U.S. effort.    But the bill, as well as existing measures, it is dependent on the implementation and our willingness to use the powers we already have. Last year the executive order that was released in January allows the U.S. to sanction North Korean officials simply for being North Korean officials. We don't even have to provide evidence that they have conducted illegal activity. That gives us tremendous power. The U.S. sanctioned 16 Russian officials for being Russian officials after the Crimea incursion. We haven't used that power as much as we could.    The target has changed. Banco Delta Asia was very effective because it was a very large conduit. North Korea has adapted since then. But it is sort of like the cockroach theory of law enforcement. You go into a kitchen, you turn on the light, you see where the cockroaches are, and where they run off to. If you take out the first node, the Plan A of North Korea, you then alert your intelligence and law enforcement authorities, so they watch where the money gets redirected, where the cockroaches go.    Mr. Klingner. It is then you go after the Plan B.    Mr. Klingner. If I could address them in reverse order. On human rights atrocities, as I have included in my statement, a number of cases where we have imposed sanctions and measures on other countries for their human rights violations but not North Korea, we have the authority to do so, obviously. We have done it to other countries. And also, the executive order of last January, which gives us the authority to sanction someone for being a member of the government.    You know, tomorrow with his morning coffee the President could add 50 North Korean entities, including Kim Jong Un by name, as well as every agency named in the U.N. Commission of Inquiry report, as well as the heads of all of those agencies. I don't know why we don't do that.    Curtailing conventional arms sales--the U.N. resolutions not only cover the nuclear and missile programs, they also prevent trade on conventional arms. There have been at least three interceptions of conventional arms shipments from North Korea to other nations, but apparently in the resolution sanction-busting hierarchy, they are not worth enforcing because they didn't even convene U.N. meetings about those violations.    So one thing we should be pushing for at the U.N. is Chapter 7, Clause 42 authority, which allows military enforcement of the U.N. resolutions. That doesn't mean attack, it doesn't mean invasion, but it provides the authority for, say, Coast Guard interception of ships.    We have had cases where the U.S. warships have been trailing North Korean freights for hundreds of miles, because we didn't have the authority to board or inspect them. On THAAD, I can send you a copy of my report on THAAD, South Korea has been hesitant, I believe, because of Chinese pressure and economic blackmail.    But last night during a major speech President Park Geun-hye, I think for the first time her administration said they want to discuss with the United States the possible deployment of THAAD to the peninsula.    And reintroducing nuclear weapons, that is very contentious. Both the U.S. and South Korean Governments have said they don't see a military necessity of putting U.S. nuclear weapons on the ground in South Korea, because we have sea-based and air-based weapons which can do the job and wouldn't provide a sort of preemptive target in South Korea for North Korea.