    Ms. Flowers?    Ms. Flowers. Thank you, Chairman Graves, Ranking Member Norton, Chairman Shuster, members of the subcommittee. Thank you for inviting me to report on the Federal Transit Administration's work to improve safety and reliability at WMATA. Together, safety and reliability comprise the minimum we should expect from public transportation. And yet, on both counts WMATA has fallen short.    In recent years the result has been not only delay and disruption, but also injury and fatality. Our goal at FTA is to make sure that WMATA restores safety and reliability for its riders and its employees. We are conducting on-the-ground inspections, leading accident investigations, and directing safety improvements that WMATA must make. To do this we are exercising the authority Congress provided our agency.    Congress first authorized FTA to oversee the public safety of transportation systems under MAP-21, and the FAST Act strengthened FTA's ability to set national standards and to enforce them. Over the course of the past 4 years we have worked with transit industry stakeholders to develop regulations that would be effective, enforceable, and adaptable, the opposite of one size fits all. Where State safety oversight agencies do not exist, or where they fail, Congress gave FTA the statutory authority to step in. And that is where we are today in the DC metro area.    As Secretary Foxx has made clear, FTA's direct oversight of WMATA is temporary. Virginia, Maryland, and the District of Columbia must set up a new State safety oversight agency that is fully functioning, compliant with Federal requirements, and capable of providing effective oversight.    Nonetheless, since FTA assumed oversight, we have been able to work with WMATA to get results. WMATA has made steady progress in addressing the findings of our initial safety management inspection last year, and they have responded to troubling deficiencies we discovered at the rail operations control center. And as a result of findings from FTA's safety blitz in April that looked at three key areas--red signal overruns, track integrity, and rail vehicle securement--some track was taken out of service immediately to make repairs, and hundreds of defects have been fixed.    In addition to identifying and ordering the correction of safety problems, we have also conducted a review of WMATA's grant applications to ensure that Federal funds are being used to address both FTA and NTSB recommendations. But most troubling, however, is the fact that WMATA has failed to create an enduring culture of safety. And although this problem goes much further back, I would like to talk about a recent example.    On May 5th a third-rail insulator exploded alongside the platform at the Federal Center Southwest station. Although our investigation of this incident is ongoing, our preliminary information shows that WMATA's response to this event was slow and inadequate. In this event, operational convenience was clearly prioritized above safety. Not only did WMATA fail to notify FTA in a timely manner, but WMATA's own emergency response team waited hours for track access after only a cursory inspection was made and service was initially resumed. It was only later in the day when another fire occurred in the same area that track was taken out of service and the problem was thoroughly addressed.    Such errors in judgment and breaches of safety protocol are simply unacceptable. Safety must come first before service. As a result, we issued a safety directive requiring WMATA to take immediate action to prioritize safety before operations, to mitigate fire and smoke risks, improve emergency planning and preparedness, and conduct a safety standdown. We have verified that WMATA has taken steps to address these immediate actions. And, to his credit, WMATA General Manager Paul Wiedefeld has been responsive to our safety concerns, and has demonstrated a commitment to safety.    But the agency still has a difficult task ahead. Beyond the need for critical investments in infrastructure, every one of their employees must make a personal commitment to safety. At FTA we are working with WMATA and our colleagues from across DOT to help restore Metrorail's safety and reliability. Thank you.    Mr. Graves of Missouri. Thank you, Ms. Flowers.    And next we will hear from Mr. Lovain.    Mr. Lovain. Mr. Chairman and members of the subcommittee, I am Tim Lovain, Chair of the National Capital Region Transportation Planning Board at the Metropolitan Washington Council of Governments. I also serve as a member of the Alexandria City Council.    The Transportation Planning Board is a federally designated metropolitan planning organization for the National Capital region. It is responsible for a continuing comprehensive and cooperative transportation planning process in this metropolitan area that includes 22 jurisdictions and over 5 million residents.    I would like to thank Chairman Graves and Ranking Member Norton for the opportunity to appear before you today to share my observations on the importance of Metro to this region. I have submitted more detailed testimony, so in my oral remarks I will emphasize three things: first, how critical Metro is to our region's mobility and prosperity; second, its importance to this region's largest employer, the Federal Government; and finally, the efforts underway to help Metro improve its safety and service reliability and be the world-class system the Nation's Capital deserves.    Last year Metrorail provided 710,000 rail trips on an average workday. Two million jobs, more than half of all jobs in the region, are located within a half-mile radius of Metrorail stations and Metro bus stops. Seventy-seven of the ninety-one Metrorail stations are in fifty-nine regional activity centers, our region's priority locations for growth. Eighty-six percent of this region's new office construction is occurring within one-quarter mile of Metrorail stations.    Metro helps to tie our multistate region together. It will also shape future transportation and development patterns, helping our region accommodate an additional 1.5 million people and 1.1 million jobs over the next 30 years. Already, one in five Metrorail riders come from zero-car households.    Metro also serves a unique role in helping this region accommodate extraordinary special events. For example, Metro provided 1.1 million rail trips on Inauguration Day in 2009.    Metro especially helps the Federal Government do business. As has been noted, the Federal workforce represents 43 percent of Metro's morning peak period commuters, and about 40 percent of this region's Federal workforce use the Metrorail system.    According to GSA , 315 buildings with Federal offices or labs, not including the DOD, are within one-half mile of Metro stations, and it is GSA policy to try to locate future Federal office space near Metro.    The Federal Government has recognized Metro's importance to its operations through its financial contributions to the system's initial construction, the Silver Line, and the state-of-good-repair funding under the 2008 PRIIA . It is very important that this Federal funding program for Metro be retained, as it is critical to undertaking and completing needed safety and state-of-good-repair work.    Metro's importance is magnified by the fact that Washington, DC, is the most important national capital in the world. Our 19 million annual visitors to this region come from around the country and around the world. Their impressions of the DC region and our Nation as a whole are shaped, in part, by their experience of the Metro system. This region deserves a world-class transit system. When Metrorail opened 40 years ago, it quickly gained a reputation as a world-class system, and we need to restore that reputation.    We certainly acknowledge that Metro is facing some significant challenges to ensure levels of safety and service reliability that characterize a world-class system. Improving the safety and reliability of the Washington Metro is the number-one priority in this region. This issue has the full attention and commitment at the State and local government levels within this region, and we are pleased that the Federal Transit Administration has been an active partner.    This work of improving safety and reliability is being tackled on many fronts. On the safety oversight front, FTA is providing the lead, working with the States. On the management front, we are very pleased that Paul Wiedefeld, in his short tenure, has taken bold actions to address these challenges and begin restoring the trust and pride of Metro riders. There is more work to be done, and our region has come together to work on it.    One additional and important resource that is needed to address the safety and reliability challenges, but is beyond Mr. Wiedefeld's power alone to fix, is the need for funding reform. I believe Metro is the only major rail transit system in the country that does not have a dedicated source of funding for its operations and state-of-good-repair needs. I believe that lack of dedicated funding has contributed to Metro's maintenance shortfalls. That is why regional leaders are coordinating through the Council of Governments and the Greater Washington Board of Trade to explore how we can work together at the State and local levels to provide long-term, predictable, sustainable, dedicated funding support to meet Metro's needs. And we look forward to continued and hopefully increased financial support from the Federal Government, as well.    I am confident that this region and the Federal Government can continue our partnership and rise up to address Metro's challenges. Working together, we can make Metro a regional and national asset for decades to come.    Thank you.    Mr. Graves of Missouri. Thank you very much. We will now move in to questions. And my first question is for Mr. Wiedefeld.    NTSB investigations of different WMATA incidences from 1982 all the way up to last year have unfortunately had very similar findings. It has come down to improper training of WMATA employees and inadequate emergency response by the operations control staff, which was pointed out by Ms. Flowers.    Why didn't Metro--and there are two questions here--why didn't Metro provide better training and staffing for emergency preparedness? And the second question is what have you changed at the rail operations control center to make sure that--you know, that this doesn't repeat itself?