    Mr. McSwain. Mr. Chairman and members of the committee, first of all, let me just apologize deeply for being late. It is not like me to do this, and I know I did not start off on a good foot. And I just want to, on behalf of the Agency, beg your indulgence.    As pointed out, I am the Principal Deputy Director of the Indian Health Service, and accompanying me today is Mary Smith, the Deputy Director, and also Elizabeth Fowler, Deputy Director for Management Operations, and Mr. Gary Hart is Director of the Office of Environmental Health. I think we have got the team here to be able to answer any and all questions that the committee has about our budget request.    I am pleased to provide testimony on the President's proposed 2017 budget for the Indian Health Service, which will allow us to continue to make a difference in addressing our Agency's mission to raise the physical, mental, social, and spiritual health of American Indians and Alaska Natives to the highest level.    The 2017 President's budget proposes to increase the total IHS program to $6.6 billion, which will add $402 million to the Fiscal Year 2016 enacted level. And if appropriated, this funding level would represent a 53 percent increase in funding for the IHS since 2008. And I want to thank the committee and the Congress for that support over the last few years.    The overall funding increases proposed in the President's budget are consistent with tribal priorities. We consult with the tribes on what we want to ask, and so this represents their ask as well as the Administration. And these will continue to address longstanding health disparities among American Indians/Alaska Natives compared to other Americans, specific investments including expanding behavioral health and mental health services, improving healthcare quality, capacity, and workforce, supporting self-determination by fully funding contracts or costs of tribes who manage their own programs, and ensuring increased healthcare access through addressing critical healthcare facilities' infrastructure needs. As you will see, I mean, we have had a great series of increases that have enabled us to replace facilities that are on average 33 years old per facility.    The President's budget includes funding for full, what we refer to as current, services. Full Pay Act. It is pay costs, inflation, and pop growth because a population does grow and we respect that, and we must maintain pace. And these are critical for just simply maintaining the budgets of IHS and tribal hospitals, clinics, and other programs to current levels. That gives us a starting point.    The budget also includes increases of $49 million, of which $46 million will be focused on critical behavioral health services, including GEN-I certainly and suicide prevention projects, and also the integration of medical and behavioral health into our system so that there is a behavioral health/primary care integration. It has also continued the whole of behavioral health in tribal communities between medical and behavioral health and tribal community organizations. We have found that there are several programs out there are granted by other agencies. It is a matter of us working together and to integrate those into a complete program for those tribal communities.    The budget is to help implement Zero Suicide Initiative. And the Zero Suicide Initiative is, simply put, we run a healthcare system, and the healthcare system means that our staff are trained, not only our staff, but the tribal programs that are operated, that we are aware of high-risk people coming through the system, so that they are not just behavioral health people in the facility, but all the providers are trained to be aware of those indicators that would show that people are at risk. So we do not just simply have them come in for their usual medical checkup, but we are also observing so that we are training for purposes of zero suicide.    A youth pilot project, something that the tribes have been asking for for years, and that is after care. So we have these nice youth regional treatment centers. They go and they get treated, then they return. What about after care? So we are making an investment for after care. Domestic violence prevention to expand the numbers of grants to 30 additional Indian tribal organizations, and certainly funding to expand the Catastrophic Health Emergency Fund, and a bit for urban programs as well because Indian people do find themselves in urban programs, and that is a major priority for us.    Improving the quality of healthcare in the Indian health system is a primary objective of this budget, and it builds in to the point of investing in health information. Data drives our decisions, and we want a better data system that will help us do that. We have the electronic health record, and we can talk more about that as we go on, as well as we are moving towards all 27 hospitals under a hospital consortium that is based in quality measures.    The whole notion of the infrastructure for new facilities, and we have got things for addressing five newly-constructed facilities for tribal clinical leases and maintenance costs specific to where tribal space is ineligible for maintenance and repair, and some additional money to begin to address the backlog. As you all know, our backlog and basic maintenance repairs are around $473 million, so we have made an investment to reduce that as well.    In addition, this budget will enable us to complete the Phoenix Indian Medical Center Ambulatory Care Center, and begin a design of the White River Hospital, continue construction of the Rapid City Health Center, and to begin the construction of Dilkon Alternative Rural Health Center on the Navajo, and to fund replacement, additional, and then, of course, as mentioned by Member McCollum, that we have a new venture in addressing the need for quarters. Staffing quarters is critical in some of our remote locations, and we put investment there to begin the process. We are still looking at where do we need to go with this, and we will do that.    Supporting self-determination. Again, full payment, and I want to just simply thank the committee for urging us in that direction. And we are there, and I think we have got a lot of good things to report on that front. We have got a couple of legislative proposals that I want. One of them is to address the very definitions of ``Indian'' in the Affordable Care Act. We have got several definitions, and so depending on how it is defined is how the law gets implemented. We would like to see that addressed in our proposal.    And finally, on our legislative proposals, another one is the special diabetes program. Very successful program for us in terms of a chronic care model, and we have got some data that we can share with you that certainly shows where we are beginning to slow the progress of diabetes in Indian Country, particularly amongst the youth.    And I know that you have mentioned it and we can talk about, but we are looking very closely at the Great Plains hospital. In this regard, a real focus on recruitment and retention of providers, certainly the housing issue, working more closely with our sister agency, the Center for Medicare and Medicaid Services. And what their findings are, I can tell you on the record, what they have found is unacceptable to us, and certainly has drawn the attention of Secretary Burwell. And she has put in place an ability to respond not only to the Department, but assist the Indian Health Service in addressing these issues.    I want to close by emphasizing that the challenges we face, I know that working together in partnership with Indian Country and the Congress, we can improve our Agency to better service tribal communities. And I appreciate all your efforts to provide us the best possible healthcare services to the people we serve, and in helping to ensure a healthier future for American Indians and Alaska Natives.    With that, I close, and the team will answer any questions that you might have.    Mr. McSwain. Thank you for that question, Congressman Cole. There are very important distinctions, and one of those is on the Federal side we are governed by rules, regulations, pay systems, and tribes have the ability to be flexible. They are not bound by the pay schedules, so they can be very competitive in doing so, as well as the regulations that govern. But they are also governed by certainly the same rules we are when it comes to certification by the Center for Medicare and Medicaid Services.    We have not had any citations for tribal facilities, and clearly I think a lot of it has to do with when the tribes operate, they take pride in managing it very literally. I mean, of course, as you mentioned, when there is a complaint by a tribal member, they know where to go. They are running it. They go to their council. And when we are running it as we do with 27 hospitals and some 200-plus health centers across the country, they are staffed, and we run according to Federal regulations and Federal requirements.    And the biggest challenge, and this segues into the challenges I am seeing in the Great Plains area. We are addressing currently the current findings by CMS in those three facilities, and they center around having trained, qualified providers. And we are trying to carry out the mission with a combination of contractors, a heavy contract load. So if we can hire permanent staff, and I think it was mentioned earlier that the biggest solution is to have permanent staff there.    But it is a challenge. Many of these locations are very remote, very isolated, and not only is it a housing issue, which we are struggling with and we put forward the notion. And let us face it. I have talked to many of the tribal leaders, and they have a housing program. They do not have enough housing just for their own members. You know, they have 20 people in a house. As I talked to one tribal leader, he says I cannot give you a house to provide for staff. I need those homes for my own members. I will certainly work with you on space and so forth if you can build them, ergo a request for additional housing.    Housing is a real challenge, and we found that out when we were beginning to address the issue with Pine Ridge suicides. We could send healthcare workers up there, but they had to drive 60 to 70 miles.    Mr. McSwain. And they were not going to stay there. And so we immediately began putting in place some temporary facilities on the short run and then some modular. So those are the challenges in the Great Plains area which are probably not shared other places in the system.    Mr. McSwain. Thank you for that question, Congresswoman McCollum. This is a real challenge obviously in many of our communities. And the biggest challenge is the available resources and available access points for behavioral health and mental health in the communities.    What we are learning is as we work hand-in-hand with the tribes and we are doing that, and I have to go back to Pine Ridge as a prime example because we focused on Pine Ridge. A year ago when they had 18 suicides. I am happy to continue to hold my breath because we have made it through the winter months now with no suicide since November. I think a lot of it has to do with attention.    And I think your other comment about the Indian Health Service cannot do it alone, we recognize that. And I want to thank Secretary Burwell and Deputy Secretary Wakefield for literally getting us all together and saying, okay, all the agencies in the Department have a role to play. And then they are reaching out beyond that. Clearly the Secretary is reaching out to other departments that could help.    So we have got to work all together to begin to address this issue. SAMHSA is a good partner. They are providing resources to the communities, the tribes, and their programs. Our goal is to ensure that we link them with our provision of care to their community action groups.    The agreement we have, and you mentioned the schools. We have entered into an agreement with the BIA to have mental health workers in the schools if they give us just a little bit of space. I know space is hard.    Mr. McSwain. But we can have someone there that can begin to counsel the youth in the schools, and make them available to the communities, and we are building a model. And if what we are doing is, in fact, working, then we will need to do more of that in other places, because as I have traveled around the country with listening sessions in 12 areas last year, it is not just the Great Plains area. It is the Navajo, it is the Northwest, it is Alaska, it is California, it is the Arizona folks.    I mean, everyone is very concerned about their youth and what is available. And you are right about we can build as many YRTCs, or youth regional treatment centers, but, again, someone has to get them there, and then return them, which is what we are finding out, and we have proposed that in the budget. We want to do something about after care, and so that there is more watching of the kids when they return and for providing those safe zones. I think there was a hearing that was held last year about the cost of suicides. And one witness said schools are a safe zone. So this is because of families and the struggles at home.    So all of this comes together, and I just want to say that what we are learning in Pine Ridge as a model, we can replicate. But you are right. There is a big debate going on presently about trying to build another facility in a far location, and whether or not that is the best thing to do because the families want to be local. And so, then the challenge is where do we put it locally?    And I know that with the Great Plains area, we are testing with a strategic plan, and I will ask Mary Smith to respond to that because I think it is an important thing we are doing. We are doing a lot of immediate response, but then the long-term, how do we sustain it and keep it going? If you do not mind, I would like to have Ms. Smith respond to the strategic plan layout, if you would, please.    Mr. McSwain. I think our most significant has been in the areas certainly and our ability to purchase care. We have had a rather significant increase in the purchaser/referred care account, contract health service. In some areas, and not in all areas, we are struggling with some areas, and some of them are still on priority one, life and limb. But a number of the areas have begun to see where they can get down into level 3, and 4, 5. Not 5, but 4. 5 is not allowed certainly because it is cosmetic surgery certainly is one where, well, if you can get down into 3 and 4 and you get preventive health, you are past the life and limb.    I think our biggest success has been in purchased/referred care, and our ability, because we--as you know, over the years we have converted a number of hospitals to health centers. And by converting them to health centers means we buy the care. We buy the secondary care that we need to provide the full comprehensive care that we provide to our American Indian and Alaska Native patients. So there has been a shift in that regard and will continue to be so. But that is one major piece.    And the other one is facilities. I mean, I recall 15 years ago we had not much support for facilities, and we have actually been moving down that road in terms of finishing a lot of facilities on that priority list, and joint ventures. The Joint Venture Program has been real robust. And so, if we partner with a tribe, the tribe will build the facility, and we will staff it. And that is another way to provide more quality access to care with some of these facilities that are being built.    So those are two examples in addition to behavioral health. I mean, as you know, the old days, and I have been around the system for a few years, and our experience in the older days was we could take care of by just providing safe water and sanitation. We could have an impact, a positive impact on infant mortality. Today we are challenged by behavioral issues, and behavioral issues are in the community which requires us to work closely with tribes.    But the investments we are making in behavioral now are, as you can see in our budget proposal for this year, the President's budget proposal for 2017 is really beginning to focus on behavioral issues.    Mr. McSwain. To the extent we can, and I think you are referring the Southern California Youth Regional Treatment Center, that is being constructed near Hemet.    Mr. McSwain. That facility, we chose the site based on the tribes getting together where they would they like to see that site, where is it most accessible, and where can it be. And they selected that site. The same went for Northern California. The tribes got together and they selected a site. And the idea behind that is, in fact, I think Mr. Hart has just given me some examples. As soon as we are done with these----    Mr. McSwain . We will invite you to, I think we have had a conversation about inviting you to. This is one at Hemet in Southern California.    But it is where we put them, and I think in every case recently it has been the tribes participating. And there was a lot of testimony at the groundbreaking with some kinds that been shipped away. One of them came back to say that the program was great. It is just she was not sitting in Salt Lake City, would prefer to be closer to home.    And so, those are the testimonies that we are getting for having those sites closer in. And so, I think that plus other options, I mean, it is not just YRTCs, but we partnered with Boys and Girls Clubs that would work on the reservations and help us put together meaningful activities for kids on the reservations. And so, those are things that we are doing on this front.    Mr. McSwain. Yes. Yes.    Mr. McSwain. Excellent question. The whole opioid area, as a healthcare delivery system, it is one that I would certainly wish Dr. Susan Karol was here, the chief medical officer, because she has been providing leadership for the whole of medication, controls, and pain management. And we tend to have it in pain management occurring in our facilities. We tend to palliate someone who is in pain, and then wind up having a prescription drug problem, namely with opioids. And so, as part of a larger issue from certainly the President and the Secretary is a major push on opioid abuse. And we are as a system addressing it that way.    Now, your question about hospitalization, it does not necessarily arise unless they are in real deep trouble. Then they will be referred to the PRC program to a facility for purposes of either detox or certainly for attention. So as a system, we are very, very conscious of our pain management program. In fact, we have published a policy and provided ongoing training with our providers about how to approximately administer pain management medications certainly in the area of opioids.    I know that what we are doing, you know, and I am having conversations with tribal leaders about not only the quick step between opioids coming out of our healthcare system to heroin abuse. It is the transition because if they cannot get their opioids, OxyContins and such, from our healthcare delivery system, and that is an area for us to really begin working on very carefully. And we have some campaigns of teaching, and certainly of our providers, but also of communicating with the tribes about the need for that. There is not a tribal meeting I have had where a tribal leader has said I have got a real problem in my area, and you help by addressing this.    As a system, we are responding, and I know on the tribal side, on the tribal programs, they are also responding, the ones that are totally run by tribes, such as Alaska and California, for example.    Mr. McSwain. I just want to add one other thing as you were mentioning, Congresswoman Pingree. It was the fact that we have also partnered with the Bureau of Indian Affairs, particularly their law enforcement individuals. We have actually entered into an MOA that is going to address not only training for the use of naloxone because of opioid overdose. For them to be able to use the naloxone to, in fact, ensure that they do not expire from an overdose. And so, that training is going on across all the reservations and have law enforcement individuals, not only the BIA law enforcement, but those tribes that have their own law enforcement, like Cherokee.    Mr. McSwain. None whatsoever because part of, as you know, with the Joint Venture Program is that when we go through the process, and Mr. Hart can provide some lengthy experience about the Joint Venture Program. What basically happens is it is a competitive process, very competitive. And the idea behind it is the tribe will build a facility. They will have a conversation with us so that we can match up our requirements for staffing in terms of their population, et cetera.    But they will build a facility, and they will find the resources necessary to build that facility. And we commit in an agreement that at some point that they are going to open, we will ask for staffing funds for staffing and operating that facility. And so, that agreement means that we have not built any joint ventures or we have not committed to providing staff.    Mr. McSwain. On the Indian Health Service side, I know where you are going with, for example, there were several detention centers that were built with no program in mind.    Mr. McSwain. And they have come to us and said, oh, can you put your behavioral health program in that detention center. But for purposes of healthcare delivery, like a health center or a hospital, if it is a joint venture, we have a conversation with them, they apply for it, and they are approved it. We go through a two-step process. They give us their ideas. We review them. We move to the second level which they have a business plan.    But at the end, we will reach agreement with them. And currently the last go-round, we had 13 that actually qualified for consideration. We started out with three at the top that we have agreed, and they are on schedule, and they will be reflected in upcoming budgets. And because the other ones were small in terms of staffing requirements, we went ahead and did all seven. We added four. And the idea behind it, so it is a combination.    Now, in terms of facilities meaning access to care. And the tribes have elected to build if they have got the wherewithal, and you mentioned casinos. The tribes can build them, and we will partner with them and staff it with staff. And, of course, this new one where we have done this for a while is that we have a proposal for a small ambulatory because, and, again, in the interest of providing access to care, that was a very successful program. They can leverage the funds that we give them with other agencies and matching.    But the idea is they can have a facility that they can then have available for access to care on their reservations or in their communities. It is usually a health station, and you will see that in our budget. But to answer your question, no, I mean, there have been some of those, but they know the Joint Venture Program. In fact, they know the rules. Do not turn the dirt because you have not been approved. And we have to have an agreement that has been finalized.    In fact, just yesterday we finalized a major one with the Cherokee Nation about they are doing a complete redo of the Hastings Hospital and expanding it rather significantly, again, for the people in that part of the country.    Mr. McSwain. Okay. On the Contract Support Cost area, 2014 was a watershed year, as you pointed out. That year we projected and we wound up having to find some discretionary side of the house to be able to meet our full obligation. And then in 2015, we were able to kind of right the ship a bit, and in 2016 the President's budget had proposed a mandatory account or at least full funding. And I think that you all responded by a law that said we would have a third account with indefinite funding.    And so, for all intents and purposes, we have moved the contract support costs into a third account. And even though our proposal for 2017 is saying we still would like it over in mandatory because the Supreme Court has made it real clear we are to pay a hundred percent. And so, we are paying a hundred percent of all our obligations under contract support costs so that it will not now be a matter of finding the money on the discretionary side or taking it away from direct service programs.    So I feel confident in the future. That is in a good place. In fact, I know that Deputy Director Smith has been working and providing leadership to the Contract Support Costs Workgroup. So we are going to actually have a policy in place that has been revised since 2001, updated in 2006, and now because of the court case we need to reissue that policy, and then put everything in a place where there is an agreed-upon policy.    And I think we are real close to a final version, in fact. It was a hard lift. I think we have had a contract support cost workgroup working on this since 2010, and we are beginning to see where it is going to put that in a proper location, and the fact that we will continue to meet our obligations at a hundred percent without adversely affecting the rest of the budget.    Mr. McSwain. The dental aspect of it, we have some vacancies, but the director of the Oral Health Division who is filling those positions is not being told otherwise. He is not constrained because we went into a freeze in order to meet our obligations, and that included dental. But now he has been given the green light to go ahead and fill these positions.    Mr. McSwain. And it is going to be a challenge around the country. It is a challenge similar to other healthcare professionals. Dental is a challenge in many of our locations. We do have some dental vacancies. And, again, with your support, we have increased the numbers of loan repayment programs that would help us fill those positions.    Mr. McSwain. That is an excellent question, Congressman Kilmer. It is interesting. I was sort of reflecting on where your question was going. How did we discover penicillin? And the notion is that we were faced with a challenge.    And I think in the case of telemedicine, we are facing right now a real challenge of ensuring that we can provide quality access to very remote locations. We have got some great models, and Alaska is a great model insofar as telemedicine. For them to travel to any one is between a $10,000 and $15,000 one-way trip. So there is the need to have it certainly available.    A recent, and certainly going back to Great Plains area, is that we are looking at stationing telemedicine staff in some of the remote locations, and how do we go about doing that. Bandwidth is a big issue clearly, I mean, because if you are talking about simply having communication and access is one thing. But if you are going to move large files, X-ray files and such across that, now you are going to really be challenged on bandwidth. And some of our isolated locations in the country become a real issue. But we are working with our fellow agencies about how to begin to address the bandwidth, if you will.    And, of course, the other part of it, too, telemedicine, you have got to have both ends. You have got to have the folks at the other end that is available to manage the patients coming into the center, whether it is behavioral health, which is even more so, or whether it is medical. We do a really great retinopathy program that we are doing by telemedicine. We are able to do reds. I was in Elko, Nevada and had my eye checked, and I was being told it was being read in Phoenix.    And so, that is those kinds of abilities. And I think as a system, it is my view that we need the tool that we can use in the absence of having a full staff out there. In some places you do not merit having, let us say, for example, an optometrist in the community because it is too small. But you can certainly have telehealth available for that community. And that is where we are going to go.    So I think from an agency stance, we are doing that across the country. First it was by urgency, and now we have a design to move ahead.    Mr. McSwain. We have not been adversely affected to move ahead, and we have been using certainly our prime vendor, which is a special agreement we have with VA on making available naloxone for purposes of deploying it. And our relationship with BIA, with the Bureau and law enforcement, for example, and tribal law enforcement people is such that I think that if we start to project that we are going to be adversely affected by that, but otherwise we are making it available.    Mr. McSwain. Right. Right.    Mr. McSwain. No one is being told no at this point. And, again, it is a supply that is available. If it grows, I guess, in demand, we will have to address that as well.    Mr. McSwain. I am not so certain I quite understand your question, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. McSwain. Oh, okay. Coming through our system, we have the benefits offices certainly as a patient comes into a given center. The first place they are going to go is patient registration, which then begins to tease out what are they eligible for. Are they eligible for Medicare or are they eligible for Medicaid? Do they have private insurance? And if they are eligible for Medicaid, we enroll, get them enrolled.    It is interesting. It is a voluntary system for us. We translate the importance of the ability to bill Medicaid and Medicare for them because we can turn that into additional services provided by that given facility because, as you know, the law that was authorized in 2010 said all collections will return to the facility which generated them.    And so, there is certainly an incentive to have them get enrolled. I mean, there was a time that tribal people would push back and say, wait a minute, do not you have a trust responsibility to us? Why do you make me sign up for this other, and when we explain to them how important it is, then we have seen the numbers go up. Have we maximized? I do not believe we have maximized, and clearly, of course, it gets into whether the State has expanded Medicaid.    But I think in any case, we want to make sure we maximize availability. And if they are veterans, then we will sign them up, and we will bill VA for their services.    Mr. McSwain. Yeah, let me just add to that. That is an important point, Mary. And that was that we have added another person to our senior staff. Her job is Deputy Director, Quality Care, but she had a vast experience with CMS, and she brings up these new ideas. For example, the new idea was just recently I had not heard of this, but auto enrollment.    Mr. McSwain. Actually when patients come in, we can get them enrolled automatically. So, I mean, that will expedite and expand our ability to ensure that as many people as possible are covered, and, therefore, we will be able to generate some additional resources for those clinics. And that will maybe take a little load off you.    Mr. McSwain. And so, it has made our coordination a whole lot easier. But even before that, we have been working together with SAMHSA on their community, and we have traded many efforts, if you will. We have got a grant going out, we let them know. They have got a grant going out, they let us know. And if there is an outbreak somewhere, Kana Enomoto over at SAMHSA is quick to call us. If there is a tribe out there that reaches up through SAMHSA, we get a call. I mean, just recently a tribe out in California had a series of suicides. So, I mean, there is a more growing collaboration between SAMHSA and Indian Health Service as it pertains to what SAMHSA can do versus what we can do, and then we collaborate.    And I think going back to the example of, I think there was a question raised about coordination. I thought we were coordinating well, but it turned out that we had a couple of sites out on one of the reservations that were not coordinating at all. They funded a clinic, a program, and we are funding a clinic, and the two folks across town, a small community, had not talked. And so, we corrected that. You talk to your grantee, and I will talk to our folks, and we will get that coordination.    So we are having more of that coordination on the ground, which is so easy for us to say, well, they are in the same building. But, no, to answer your question on point is it has increased and will continue to increase as we begin to look at what they are being funded for versus what we are funded for.    And the major distinction is we are a healthcare system, and so we are delivering care, whereas they are delivering funds to the community to develop the community capacity. And so, for us still to work together as we bring about a maximizing of our efforts.    Mr. McSwain. I think on point, the--oh, I am sorry. I thought it was on. Thank you. Certainly Dr. Lozon and company at IHS headquarters is, in fact, continuing the initiative through the next 2 years and clearly, is conducting the ECC sites again. So we have not lost track of the fact that early childhood caries is still a very light program. I mean, we have not stopped that. Just yesterday, Dr. Lozon, I asked him where is our program, and he said, no, we are expanding. So we are going to continue.    Mr. McSwain. We have certainly authority up to--let me check. Is it up to a million? Up to a million to move between budget activities. Anything more than that, then we come in for your clearance.    Mr. McSwain. Yeah, on the reprogramming. Now----    Mr. McSwain. Well, we can get back to you on that I think. So far, it has not affected us.    Mr. McSwain. But getting to your other question that you raised, Congressman----    Mr. McSwain. Yeah, I think increased authority would not hurt. But I think there are two ways to answer this question. One is 60 percent of our program is contracted by tribes. Tribes have the legal authority to redesign. They can move money around. On the direct side because we are running the direct certainly on our side, then we are looking at the accounts. And I think the one-year raise at the outset is that, no, it is no longer June and it is no longer September. We got through. And what you are most likely talking about is a catastrophic emergency health fund, and that is the one that was running out of money because of the numbers of large cases.    We are going to have to look a little bit because we are getting ready to publish, and I think we have not published it yet. The reauthorization enabled us to reduce the threshold to $19,000 instead of $25,000. And that may have an effect on the numbers of high-cost cases coming in, which means that we will have to take another look at it.    And because of that, we have asked for a $3 million increase in our CHEF account for 2017. Just if we implement that change in threshold, then you may hear that again, but I do not think so. I think we are okay. But I think the authority to move money around in a health system is always an item, but I think on our side certainly we can talk with folks as to whether or not that is something we would want to propose.    Mr. McSwain. We clearly have always had two accounts, and then, of course, with the addition of contract support costs. And the whole distinction is we would not move any money from the Service's budget into the facilities budget or conversely. I mean, those are walled off, and we do not do it. We would reprogram within, for example, a subset of activities like dental to agency and conversely, but, again, very limited.    Folks are pretty jealous about, you know, let us talk if you are talking about trying to move money from this category to this category.    Mr. McSwain. Okay.