    Ms. Blumberg. Mr. Chairman, Ranking Member Cartwright, and members of the committee, thank you for the opportunity to testify before you today. The views that I express are my own and should not be attributed to the Urban Institute, its funders, or its trustees.    The Affordable Care Act can claim substantial successes, including health insurance coverage for 20 million additional people through Medicaid and private nongroup health insurance and the elimination of discrimination related to health status in small employer and nongroup markets. The law also has contributed to the slowdown in national health expenditure growth and has created significant price competition in many nongroup health insurance markets. At the same time employer coverage rates have remained steady, and there have been no adverse employment affects.    No one should expect one piece of legislation to address all problems in the Nation's complex healthcare system, nor should one expect the full promise of the legislation to be met in the first few years of reform. Now is the appropriate time to assess remaining issues and to work seriously to improve upon these without sacrificing the many gains already achieved. I am going to address two areas where public policies could make further strides toward ensuring access to adequate affordable health care regardless of health status or income.    First, some geographic areas have had less success engendering strong price competition in their nongroup insurance markets. Second, while the ACA has improved affordability for many families, some still face high healthcare expenses relative to income given premiums and out-of-pocket costs. In many larger States, the ACA has led to strong insurer participation in nongroup insurance markets and true price competition for the first time, replacing the previously rampant insurer competition for the best healthcare risks. Our research shows that areas with low premiums and low premium growth tend to have more insurers competing, larger State populations, and competition from provider-sponsored and formerly Medicaid-only insurers.    Nationally, 48 percent of the population lives in rating areas where the lowest cost silver premium in the marketplace either decreased or increased by less than 5 percent in 2016. However, 36 percent of the population lives in areas that experienced increases of 10 percent or more. Thus the dynamics at play are uneven both across the country and across areas within individual states.    We need to design approaches that improve competition where it is missing without disrupting competition where it has been successful. Competition could be strengthened by reducing insurer and/or provider market power, adverse selection into the nongroup insurance market, and insurance policies not compliant with ACA standards. Strategies, such as continuing the reinsurance program or introducing a Medicare-based qualified health plan, can be useful to address these problems, but markets vary considerably, as will the appropriate types of intervention. The attraction of the ACA's private sector focus was its potential to create real economic competition, yet that approach also allows for instances of continued local variability.    Next, healthcare affordability remains an issue for some. While the share of families reporting difficulty paying for medical bills or having unmet medical need due to cost has decreased significantly since 2013, not all families have enjoyed similar gains. Poor adults in 19 States are ineligible for Medicaid because their State governments did not choose to expand eligibility despite the strong State budgetary advantages of doing so. Further incentives or other strategies may be required to bring all States into the expanded program. Financial assistance through marketplace tax credits and cost-sharing reductions are generous for those with incomes below 200 percent of the Federal poverty level, but assistance decreases markedly above that level, leaving adequate coverage for some still out of financial reach.    Healthcare costs have grown much less than originally anticipated when the ACA was implemented. Using just a portion of the systemwide savings that have resulted from that lower growth, we could improve upon the ACA subsidies to ameliorate the remaining affordability gaps and further reduce the number of uninsured Americans.    In contrast, repealing the ACA would by 2021 increase the number of uninsured people by 24 million, reduce private insurance coverage by over 9 million people, increase State government spending, and substantially reduce the amount of medical care delivered to low and modest income families.    The House Republicans' plan combines repeal of the ACA with the introduction of policies that would substantially reduce assistance to low- and middle-income individuals and would undermine the ACA's many advances in improving access to care for people with health problems. The ACA's underlying framework increases the sharing of healthcare costs between the healthy and the sick. The House Republicans' proposed strategies, such as continuous coverage requirements, elimination of benefit standards, sale of insurance across State lines, and individual health pools, would place much higher financial burdens on those with current or past health problems. And while such strategies can create savings for those who are healthy at a given time, they discount the fact that we tend to develop more health problems as we age and that even a 20-something who appears perfectly healthy one day can wake up the next to find his luck has changed horribly. Focusing on how someone benefits financially by being insured in any given year is to misunderstand the inherent nature and purpose of insurance and seriously underestimates the value of continuous access to adequate affordable coverage regardless of circumstances.    With that, I'm happy to answer any questions you may have.    Ms. Blumberg. Yes, I did read the materials that they released.    Ms. Blumberg. Well, it is not an alternative to the ACA in terms of an equivalent way to expand coverage and to reduce costs for individuals--regardless of their health status, to make that coverage adequately accessible.    Ms. Blumberg. Well, it certainly increases out-of-pocket costs when individuals move into a health savings account combined with a high-deductible health plan. They are designed to be, at this point anyway, to be combined with a high-deductible plan. Individuals then have larger cost-sharing requirements, but they have certain tax advantages which tend to accrue most greatly to those who are high income, so they are--the health savings account itself can act, if not used for health purposes, as an additional IRA, which is beneficial for the high income. The problem comes in for those individuals who don't get the tax advantages and don't have the extra money to put into the HSAs. They are certainly disadvantaged, and it tends to pull healthy people out of the insurance market where they would otherwise be sharing healthcare costs with those with healthcare problems.    Ms. Blumberg. Well, a lot of components of the Better Way approach would be most advantageous to those with higher incomes and those very much in particular who are healthy at a given point in time.    Ms. Blumberg. Well, for the lowest income population, those that are assisted through the Medicaid expansion under the Affordable Care Act and those who receive the most generous assistance under the marketplaces really are in situations where having higher out-of-pocket costs are going to very much reduce the amount of care that they receive. And contrary to popular belief, individuals are not very good at discriminating between care that is necessary and care that is unnecessary. So what happens is, when you increase their out-of-pocket costs, particularly for the modest income, they use much less care, and a lot of it is necessary care.    Ms. Blumberg. Well, in both cases, regardless of what the States chose, the amount of Federal dollars going to States for the Medicaid population would be reduced over time. There would be both initial reductions because of changes in matching rates. There would also be--the intent is to lower the rate of growth in Federal dollars going to States. The biggest concern, while there's danger for sure with the per capita caps, the block grant, as I read it in the materials that were released, suggests that the only mandatory populations that would continue to be required that States provide Medicaid coverage for under the block grant approach would be the elderly and the disabled.    Ms. Blumberg. I do.    Ms. Blumberg. Well, I think, with regard to the emergency room care, according to the rules under the Affordable Care Act, if it's emergent care that you're receiving through the emergency room, you don't face those deductibles. So it may be, yes, if you're going in to get nonemergent care through the emergency room and you've got a private insurance plan----    Ms. Blumberg. But if you're getting nonemergent care, then out-of-pocket cost is going to be significant if you go use the emergency room because the intent is to give financial incentives to get alternative sources of care for nonemergent care. And what we have found in our survey work is that, indeed, the number of--the percentage of adults reporting a usual source of care outside the emergency room has increased significantly since 2013, and those not obtaining necessary care due to cost has gone down substantially since then.    Ms. Blumberg. Certainly.    Ms. Blumberg. I don't know that we have any evidence of that whatsoever.    Ms. Blumberg. Sure. There definitely has been a long history of variability in premiums from year to year. What we are finding in terms of the increases in the nongroup marketplace plans, which I think is the focus of some of the concern here, is that there is huge variation by geographic area. We have seen that in the areas that tend to have the biggest increases, we're talking about the smallest population centers. We're also talking about seeing larger increases coming where the premiums had been in the prior years quite low relative to the national average.    And so we think some of this is a regression to the mean over time, that some of these insurers came in too low and they're correcting now, but it's not necessarily that they're all going very high, relative to what you're seeing in other parts of the country, but they made some errors in judgment originally and they're correcting for them. So some of these large percentage increases are on a much smaller premium basis. And so the----    Ms. Blumberg. Exactly.    Ms. Blumberg. Sorry.    Ms. Blumberg. Understood.    Ms. Blumberg. They vary depending upon the market conditions that were there prior to the Affordable Care Act to some extent, how many insurers are competing, and that is related to the historical situation, what types of insurers are competing and the types of insurers that have come in or have exited from the market.    Ms. Blumberg. Definitely. Because in the nongroup insurance market, in particular prior to the ACA, we didn't really have price competition in these areas. But what the insurers were doing was competing for healthcare risks. Now there is transparency, there is equivalency of the plans. And so for the first time, we're seeing price competition where we didn't see it before in this market.    Ms. Blumberg. I haven't.    Ms. Blumberg. We looked pretty seriously at the United situation and they came in very--mostly in the second year. They really didn't participate much at all the first year and where they came in, they ended up coming in really high. In a few areas they were the low-cost insurer, but in general, they priced very high relative to the others. As a consequence, it is a very price-sensitive population. They really didn't get much enrollment.    Ms. Blumberg. No. It's evidence that United strategically was not paying enough attention to how this market was working.    Ms. Blumberg. Well, I think health insurance premiums would go up extraordinarily for those who have past health problems or current health problems. And that's really the key is, are we going to leave those who are most vulnerable at their time of most need with inadequate access to care or are we going to pool them together with people who are currently healthy?    Ms. Blumberg. That's right.    Ms. Blumberg. Correct.    Ms. Blumberg. I am not.    Ms. Blumberg. I'd say it's a--you know, you can't say that's a success when all of those plans fail. But I also think that there's--the important thing is for us to look at why those plans failed. I think it was a combination of issues related to they had a big hill to climb as new insurers to begin with. But I also think that the problem with the redefinition of what the risk corridors were going to be and making those, forcing those to be budget neutral, which they were not intended to be, had bad implications for those CO-OPs as well. And that was something that came after the Affordable Care Act.    I also think that it's an indication that we have some improvements to make in the risk adjustment system that I think are some in progress, additional ones that could be done. And I think that, you know, the timing of those support payments from the risk adjustment reinsurance and risk corridors were important there.