    Mr. Bagdoyan. Chairman Murphy, Ranking Member DeGette, and members of the subcommittee, I am pleased to be here today to discuss results of GAO's recent report on Medicaid beneficiary and provider fraud controls. As you know, and as you mentioned, Mr. Chairman, Medicaid is a significant expenditure for the Federal Government and the states, with combined outlays of about $516 billion in fiscal year 2014, involving millions of beneficiaries and providers.    These numbers, as members mentioned, are all expected to grow as a result of the expansion of Medicaid under the Affordable Care Act. A program of this scope and scale is inherently susceptible to error, including improper payments, as well as fraudulent activity. In fact, as mentioned again, CMS reported an estimated improper payment rate of 6.7 percent, or $17.5 billion, for Medicaid in fiscal year 2014, compared to 5.8 percent, or $14.4 billion respectively, in FY 2013. Also, earlier this year we reported that Medicaid remains on GAO's high risk list in part because of concerns about the adequacy of fiscal oversight of the program, including improper payments.    With this backdrop, I will now discuss our report's key findings. Overall we found thousands of Medicaid beneficiaries and hundreds of providers were involved in potentially improper or fraudulent payments during fiscal year 2011, the most recent year for which reliable and comparable data were available in the four selected states we reviewed, namely Arizona, Florida, Michigan, and New Jersey. These states accounted for about 9.2 million beneficiaries, and about 13 percent of all fiscal year 2011 Medicaid payments.    More specifically, examples of potentially improper or fraudulent payments include about 8,600 beneficiaries had payments made on their behalf concurrently by two or more of the selected states, totaling at least $18.3 million. The identities of roughly 200 deceased beneficiaries received about $9.6 million in Medicaid benefits subsequent to the beneficiary's death. Some 3,600 individuals received about $4.2 million worth of Medicaid services while incarcerated in State prison facilities. 90 providers had suspended or revoked licenses in at least one state in which they received payment. Associated Medicaid claims totaled at least $2.8 million.    To its credit, as, again, mentioned in opening statements, CMS has taken some regulatory steps to make the Medicaid enrollment process more rigorous and data-driven. However, gaps in beneficiary eligibility, verification guidance, and data sharing persist. For example, in 2013, CMS required states to use electronic data maintained by the Federal Government in its data services hub to verify beneficiary eligibility. According to CMS, the hub can verify key application information, including state residency, incarceration status, and immigration status.    However, CMS regulations do not require states to review Medicaid beneficiary files for deceased individuals more frequently than annually, nor specify whether states should reconsider using the more comprehensive Social Security Administration's full death master file in conjunction with state reported death data when doing so. As a result, states may not be able to detect individuals that have moved to, and later died, in another state, or prevent the payment of potentially fraudulent benefits to individuals using their identities. Accordingly, additional guidance from CMS to states might further enhance program integrity efforts beyond using the hub.    In closing, our findings underscore that, as Medicaid's numbers grow as expected, both the Federal Government and the states need to maximize their efforts to promote program integrity by preventing and reducing potential for improper payments and fraud. Our recommendations to CMS, which the agency has accepted, are designed to enhance its toolbox to this effect, help narrow the windows of opportunity for improper payments and fraud, and provide reasonable assurance that Medicaid eligibility controls are functioning as intended.    Mr. Chairman, members of the subcommittee, this concludes my statement. I look forward to your questions. Thank you.    Mr. Bagdoyan. Right.    Mr. Bagdoyan. Yes. For Medicaid, Mr. Chairman, the specific factor that we cited in our report is the fact that its fiscal oversight over the years has been not where it should be, and within that, the----    Mr. Bagdoyan. That would be at both levels, since it is----    Mr. Bagdoyan . A joint program. And then, further within that context, of course, the risk of improper payments and/or fraudulent activity contributes to that designation.    Mr. Bagdoyan. I would go first. Obviously data analytics is the growing field, and it would be incumbent upon both the Federal Government and the states to really pay attention to the quality of their data, the collection, the analysis, the reliability to make cross-comparisons and other analyses.    Mr. Bagdoyan. Right.    Mr. Bagdoyan. Yes.    Mr. Bagdoyan. That is correct.    Mr. Bagdoyan. Sure. As I mentioned in my closing, those steps will definitely add to the toolbox that CMS and the states have, and narrow the opportunities for potential improper payments and fraudulent activity. They will probably play out over time. As Dr. Agrawal said, some states are in different places than others, so----    Mr. Bagdoyan. That is correct.    Mr. Bagdoyan. Long term implementation success and sustainability will be key in these areas.    Mr. Bagdoyan. I think they are taking steps. They are in the right direction, we believe, but execution and sustainability will be, again, key for both----    Mr. Bagdoyan . Federal Government and the states.    Mr. Bagdoyan. Distinct voice that your child has.    Mr. Bagdoyan. Well, we did matching of deceased roles from the death master file. That is the complete file that has about 98 million records, and we matched those against claims data, and we discovered those beneficiaries who had been deceased before their services were billed for, so----    Mr. Bagdoyan. Sure. Thank you for your question. With PECOS it is a situation where states would need access to the system electronically so they can be able to run batch searches, if you will. I know it is a little technical term, but right now they have to do a manual search on a case by case basis each name, each time in order to get a result, whether there is an issue or not. So that is the essence of our recommendation, is to get them the automated access that would allow them to do bigger and wider searches at once.    Mr. Bagdoyan. I think I would echo Dr. Agrawal's comments. I think, if they are available, once they are available, they would be encouraged through guidance, they would be held to account to make sure that this works as intended. I mean, again, it is a partnership. It is a common model, if you will, to make this work.    Mr. Bagdoyan. I am not familiar with the report.    Mr. Bagdoyan. That is correct, sir.    Mr. Bagdoyan. Yes.    Mr. Bagdoyan. That is correct.    Mr. Bagdoyan. My math is not that good.    Mr. Bagdoyan. Well, that is we found is 200 out of the 9.2 million. That is all I am prepared to say.    Mr. Bagdoyan. Thank you.    Mr. Bagdoyan. Thank you for your question, Dr. Bucshon. The way we picked our states is we began with the universe of beneficiaries per state, and then we also looked at data reliability, as well as geographic dispersion. So those were the three key factors that we used to pick these states. Now, data reliability being a very important factor, we don't have reliable data, we can't do our analysis.    Mr. Bagdoyan. Yes, thank you, Ms. Brooks. The issue of prosecution was not within the scope of our audit, certainly, but I would see it certainly as part of the toolbox that I alluded to in my opening remarks. So, in its totality, it would have to have preventative controls, and the ability to investigate, and, if appropriate, prosecute.    Mr. Bagdoyan. I am aware of the rule coming out, but I am not familiar with its details. I would go back to my original point that steps like this one would, over time, if executed and sustained, help narrow that window of opportunity for fraud and improper payments. So that would be my assessment at this point.    Mr. Bagdoyan. That seems to be the historical record, sir, yes.    Mr. Bagdoyan. That is correct. OMB measures that. I think maybe the Chairman or the Ranking Member earlier referred to the higher error programs that OMB tracks, so yes.    Mr. Bagdoyan. I would say they are, and they add to their toolbox that I referred to in my opening statement.    Mr. Bagdoyan. Well, the two recommendations we make available to states, where the action happens, so to speak, with the data they need to better screen both beneficiaries and providers.    Mr. Bagdoyan. Again, by all means it is a step in the right direction. Getting the data right and reliable is a key step there, as well as having states regular and electronic access would be also useful.    Mr. Bagdoyan. Well, Mr. Collins, I thank you for your comments. I think our audit was thorough, by our audit standards, and our findings speak for themselves.    Mr. Bagdoyan. I am indeed, yes.    Mr. Bagdoyan. I take your point.    Mr. Bagdoyan. Yes. We use it as a point of reference, sir. We don't set the number.    Mr. Bagdoyan. Yes.    Mr. Bagdoyan. Sorry, it was 90 in the four states we looked at.    Mr. Bagdoyan. That is correct.    Mr. Bagdoyan. I was not, ma'am.    Mr. Bagdoyan. I think, as we reflect in our report, and in my statement, they have. Those will have to play out over the long term----    Mr. Bagdoyan . At all.    Mr. Bagdoyan. That is correct. That was part of the necessity of our methodology.    Mr. Bagdoyan. That is correct.    Mr. Bagdoyan. Bagdoyan.