    Mr. Harper. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And thanks to each of you. It is an amazing technology, and we really are just only beginning to see what all we are going to be able to do in the future.    And, Mr. Amling, I don't have a question, but certainly welcome. UPS was my very first job in my life as a 15-year-old. I loaded an 18-wheeler every night with boxes. And I am the one who packs the trunk on the family trips.    Mr. Harper. We know how to build the wall.    Mr. Harper. That is it. And it might have been a 3D component to that as well, I am thinking.    But thank you each for being here.    Dr. Herderick, when GE obtained certification from the FAA for its LEAP jet engines, it was clearly a major accomplishment for additive manufacturing. I am just curious, how many pages of testing data does a company need to rely on in order to obtain that FAA certification for a new item like that?    Mr. Harper. It is amazing. I am just curious, what extra effort was needed to show that the nozzles, which was entirely 3D printed, that they were strong enough and did not create a safety risk? How do you go about that?    Mr. Harper. And, of course, going through this process, did this help GE learn how to navigate the certification process so that future parts maybe experience a quicker process?    Mr. Harper. OK. That is great.    How does additive manufacturing fit with and add value to the traditional supply chain? Explain that to me a little better.    Mr. Harper. Right. That is great.    Let's talk about cost for a minute. What kind of cost savings do you think could be achieved if a manufacturer is able to take full advantage of 3D printing and integrate it as fully as possible into supply chain?    Mr. Harper. Got it.    Mr. Orringer, what method of printing was used to produce the titanium hip implant, and why was this the method best for the implant?    Mr. Harper. So this is not only going to be better for that area, but also speed up the healing process.    Mr. Harper. Great.    Well, look, I want to say thanks to each of you being here.    I am over my time, I yield back, even though I don't have any time, Mr. Chairman.