    Mr. Rokita. I thank the gentlemen for their testimony. Good morning.    Dr. Holtz-Eakin, starting with you. Picking up where you left off, it seems like you have the right recipe there. Let's reform these programs. Let's get spending under control. Let's drive the debt down. Let's continue pro-growth policies of getting regulations under control, as Dr. Cochrane mentioned, and reforming our Tax Code, et cetera, et cetera.    Mr. Ryan, my good friend, the ranking member today, complained, though, that Europe committed the crime of austerity. How is what you are saying different from austerity?    Mr. Rokita. ``Crime'' is in quotes, by the way.    Mr. Rokita. Thank you.    And setting up for my next question, could you, please, just for the record, give us and folks watching at home, millions of readers who will be reading the transcript of this hearing, what is the definition, what is the difference between public debt and total debt?    Mr. Rokita. Right. So then the question is, since the projected rise from an already elevated 76 percent of public debt to GDP will become more than 85 percent in 2026, twice the average level of the past 50 years, which was only 39 percent, and considering that CBO's long-term projections show the public debt level would jump to 141 percent in 2046 under current law, the highest debt we have ever had, what would be the impact on the economy and the average American family if this fiscal future became a reality, realizing that the 141 percent is still not even the total debt?    Mr. Rokita. Turning to you, Dr. Cochrane, regarding the slow growth, we are estimated to have 1 percent growth this year, the last several years have been 2 percent growth, the average growth for this mature economy is, prerecession, is 3 percent. What do you think is weighing on the economy? You mentioned regulations. You mentioned tax reform. You want to go in any more detail, or is there something else?    Mr. Rokita. Right. So it is just regulations?    Mr. Rokita. So we shouldn't settle for 2 percent, 3 percent growth, even though this is, like I said, a mature economy. We are not a new republic anymore, we shouldn't expect 10 percent growth a year, anything like that. What should be our goal?