    Mr. Costa. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman. And I want to commend you for holding this hearing, because I think it highlights what really is the situation in California, and that is a broken water system. The testimony and the questions, I think, all point out to the difficulty of a saying that I think aptly describes what we are dealing with, and that is, continuing to do what we have always done and expect different results, that is a definition of insanity, and that is what we are doing here by this additional flow that has taken place through the summer runs.    Mr. Lohoefener, I really commend your efforts over the years and your service to our country and your efforts to try to solve problems. Let me ask you, this summer outflow requirement--and certainly I think U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service ought to be combined with NMFS, that was a point that was made earlier. But this summer outflow requirement, is there anything in the biological opinion that requires this to take place?    Mr. Costa. So, the answer is no, there is nothing required in terms of summer outflows?    Mr. Costa. OK. Then, Mr. Murillo, would you describe this action that has taken place this summer as a voluntary action?    Mr. Costa. OK. So it is a voluntary action. Now, let me give you some perspective, folks, of what we are talking about, notwithstanding good intentions. And I care about restoring the salmon fisheries. I know salmon fishermen have been impacted, just as farmers in my area have been impacted with hundreds and thousands of acres that have gone fallow, farm communities, farmworkers, $2.7 billion in losses to the agricultural communities in the valley, and thousands and thousands of jobs that have been lost.    Having said that, this action this summer, this is what it does, and correct me if I am wrong, 300,000 cubic feet per second to move a salinity line down to Cache Slough that is several kilometers in length, right? And what we are talking about is 300,000 cfs of tidal influence. So, somehow we are going to use 300 cubic feet per second to move back 300,000 cfs, cubic feet per second, of salinity that flows into the Cache Slough there as a result of the San Francisco-Sacramento Delta. Is that correct, Mr. Murillo? Is that what we are talking about?    Mr. Costa. Ren, do you have any disagreement with that?    Mr. Costa. Absolutely. So, why shouldn't we be focusing on habitat? Why shouldn't we be focusing on nonpoint discharges that put pollutants in the water? Why shouldn't we provide more habitat for the Delta smelt so that they can survive? Why shouldn't we be dealing with a predator control program?    To Mr. Sutton's comment, we are continuing to do what we have always done, which is driving me crazy, maybe no one else is going crazy, and that is that we are using the water knob, and saying, OK, it has not worked so well, it is continuing to decline, yes, the fisheries are declining, but we will continue to do what we have always done.    Does that bother you, Mr. Lohoefener?    Mr. Costa. But we are not doing the other things.    Mr. Costa. I understand, but we are not doing the other things, and you are working with one tool, one arm behind your back. Three-hundred cfs, I maintain, at the end of the day, with no--are there any matrices that you have to show after this effort in July, August, and September, that we are going to be able to weigh it to determine whether or not we have made any difference?    Mr. Costa. No, I understand. That is not my question. My question is, are there any matrices----    Mr. Costa. Excuse me, please. I would like--It is impolite. Please.    Mr. Costa. I would like to reclaim the rest of my time.    Mr. Costa. Is there any real-time monitoring that is going to determine the effects or a matrix for the next 3 months?    Mr. Costa. But that is not a matrix and that is not a way. You are very good, and I appreciate your ability to avoid answering the question, but the answer is no. There are no matrices that have been developed to determine this particular voluntary, not in the biological opinion, outflow that we are pursuing this summer for what I would state is de minimis, at best, returns.    One quick last question, Mr. Chairman.    Has there ever been a time in the history of the allocation with the Bureau of Reclamation when after good, bad, indifferent, we know we are in drought conditions, in April they make the allocations to the Federal contractors, that 2 months later, they said, you know, we said that in April, but we really didn't mean it, we are going to have to make changes?    Mr. Costa. All right. Thank you.    Mr. Costa. Would the gentlewoman yield?    Mr. Costa. Before you came in, I asked a question and Mr. Lohoefener responded, on the summer outflow, was this a part of the biological opinion or not? And he responded by saying that no, it is not part of the biological opinion. So I think it is important to note that. And the Bureau of Reclamation indicated this was a voluntary action that they were taking.