    Mr. Chabot. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Iran has repeatedly violated its obligations under the Nuclear Nonproliferation Treaty. It has built secret nuclear facilities. It has illicitly procured nuclear materials. It has denied IAEA inspectors access to the suspected facilities.    So isn't it foolish to trust them now? Wouldn't a bad deal be throwing Israel under the proverbial bus? And, because of Iran's intercontinental ballistic missile goals, placing the U.S. at great risk as well? Now, I know you are going to say something to the effect that we are not trusting or this is trusting and verifying, but there are a whole lot of us on both sides of the aisle who, clearly, aren't buying it.    Mr. Chabot. We are, clearly, concerned that we are going to end up in a bad deal. Let me go to the second question I have for you.    President Obama, clearly, has disdain for the winner of the Israeli elections held this week. Maybe the only group I can think of that he might have more disdain for is the elected representatives of the American people--this Congress.    Since Israel will be the most directly affected by a bad deal with Iran, how is the administration going to repair relations with our key ally in the region?    Mr. Chabot. That is the least credible answer I have heard all morning, that this--no President has done more for the American-Israeli relationship than this President.    Mr. Chabot. That is----    Mr. Chabot. Security, relations, whatever. This President--there has been no President that has damaged relations between the United States and Israel more than this President.    Let me go to my third question. One of the concerns about a bad deal with Iran has always been proliferation in the region--that there is a nuclear arms race with the Saudis, the Gulf States, Turkey and perhaps others developing enrichment programs and eventually nuclear weapons.    There are indications that the Saudis in particular are so alarmed that a bad deal is in the cards that they are already moving in that direction. What is your response?    Mr. Chabot. Well, our concern, obviously, is that we are going to end up with a bad deal--they are going to get nuclear weapons and the other countries in the region are going to feel threatened. Then all the other countries are going to end up with them and Israel is right in the middle of that, and God help us if that is where we end up.    My final question: What is the difference between the road that we traveled down with North Korea and we are now traveling down with Iran, other than Iran is a far more dangerous country than North Korea?    There are a lot of us who believe that we have seen this movie before and we know how it is going to end.    Mr. Chabot. Well, my time has expired. But, again----    Mr. Chabot . There is great skepticism on both sides of the aisle here and, I believe, for good reason. I yield back the balance of my time.