    Mr. Latta. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And, Mr. Secretary, good to have you back before us in the committee. Mr. Secretary, in order to develop the next generation of advanced nuclear technologies, private industry, the Department of Energy nuclear research activities, and the NRC have all aligned efforts to research, demonstrate, and license advanced nuclear technologies. I am drafting legislation to examine the nexus between DOE's nuclear research programs and the NRC's licensing capabilities, and earlier this week, my office sent over the discussion draft. And I look forward to your department reviewing it with technical comments. I would like to ask, how is DOE communicating with NRC to provide a pathway for your research activities to be carried through the NRC's licensing process?    Mr. Latta. Thank you.    And if I could kind of switch over to cybersecurity, because as you know, here on the committee we have had multiple hearings, especially when we are talking about how the infrastructure could be affected by cyber attacks. I served on a couple different cybersecurity task forces. And what is the Department's strategy for addressing potential cybersecurity challenges presented by existing and future grid and energy infrastructure technologies? And one of the things also I would like to ask is, because I am looking at it on your budget, it shows a decrease from about $62 million to $46 million this year for cybersecurity for energy delivery systems. So you had a decrease. And so our concern is we want to make sure that we are beefing up. And I know, across not only my district or the State of Ohio but across the country, there is always that great concern as to what is happening on the cyber side because of how vulnerable we could be to an attack.    Mr. Latta. Could you just kind of go into detail what that might be, what some of those might be that you are working on?    Mr. Latta. Thank you very much.    Mr. Latta. Thank you.    Mr. Chairman, I see my time has expired, and I yield back.