    Ms. Sigur. Chairman Babin, Ranking Member Edwards, and Members of the Committee, I'm pleased to have the opportunity to talk with you today about the next steps to Mars.    The technologies we're building today will enable human exploration of deep space. I actually have a few slides.    So this slide shows the Orion crew module. It is actually the module that we're going to use on the next exploration mission, Exploration Mission-1, to fly in 2018, and what you see here is the crew module being put into the test fixtures for the proof test. I'm pleased to say that over the last few weeks, completed the proof test. Everything passed extremely well, and not only the folks that helped build it but the analysts excited about the performance that we see.    The vehicle is different. It's a vehicle that's been designed for deep space exploration from the beginning. And what's different, of course, is that deep space is so very different from low-Earth orbit. The requirements are much more severe, and as Mr. Elbon mentioned, the focus has to be for a much longer tenure.    This is a thousand-day-plus spacecraft. The capabilities include radiation-hardened command and control systems. It provides a radiation storm shelter. There's redundancy. Recognizing how far away we are from Earth, there needs to be redundancy in propulsion systems, computers, engines and other systems. It's got an amazing computing capability. It's got what we call time-triggered ethernet that's 10 times faster than your internet at home, which is going to be required for passing files, for passing videos and information. It's got a life support system. The life support system accommodates exercise and it accommodates all those things necessary for those long missions. It's got a thermal protection system that not only accommodates the extremely cold environments of deep space but allows for safe landing whether the mission was to the Moon or Mars. So we feel that the future of the Orion spacecraft is a strong one.    I don't know how many of you remember EFT-1. That was the exploration flight test of the Orion vehicle, the very first one in 2014. We learned so much from that flight, and we are building on that success. This vehicle that you see here is 4,000 pounds lighter to accommodate the life support systems. And so with a focus on performance, affordability, recognizing that every dollar matters, we've taken a view on what technologies are necessary to allow us to lean into the future. Let's go to the next slide, please.    This is not something that's new for us. Lockheed Martin has had the great privilege of being involved on every mission to the planet Mars, and as you look at the progression of a dozen-plus different missions, you'll see that we've been able to leverage the smarts of the structures, of the computing systems to provide an affordable solution to the very hard challenges that we see. Next slide, please.    So that concept of building on performance and capability is one that we've leveraged into our system or habitats. In order to minimize costs and maximize crew safety, we have an inclusive view of our architectures to say wouldn't it be great if we could take advantage of all those capabilities that are inherent in the Orion system and find ways to produce a lower-cost solution. In support of NASA's NextSTEP study, we've designed a deep space habitat that does that. It leverages that investment in Orion. Next slide.    Now, this is a great day. This is the day when you see the Orion and the NextSTEP habitat relying on each other's systems in order to assure overall success.    But there's more. Next slide, please.    We're not stopping at habitats. By leaning forward in accommodating what tasks have to be accomplished in the schedule that's head of us, you see that leaning forward in closing on those milestones will allow us to explore NASA's vision faster. We call this Mars Base Camp.    The concept is simple: transport astronauts from Earth to a Mars orbiting science laboratory where they can perform real-time science exploration, analyze the first Martian rock, make real-time decisions while they're at the planet.    Mars is closer than you think, and we're very much interested in accelerating the journey.    Thank you. I will be happy to answer any questions you may have.    Ms. Sigur. I have very little to add, only that we're going to get smarter the very first mission that we make. Exploration Mission-1 will have sensors and information that we'll be able to use to figure out which of these potential solutions makes sense for us. We're also looking at individual protection strategies for astronauts, and that might also be something that would be fruitful as we go forward. So there's more to come.    Ms. Sigur. I think that as Mr. Crusan said, we're in the process of developing the elements of what the solution needs to be, but what I would offer is that what our ultimate objectives and goals are matter. If we are working on an opportunity to perform test like you fly assessments at each of the opportunities that are available whether it's low-Earth orbit or around the Moon with an eventual objective to head to Mars, solutions are going to be vastly different. If we acknowledge that this could be a multinational endeavor, as I personally think it should be with an opportunity for everybody to play with ways to consider public-private partnership and even just flat-out commercialization on our way to reaching Mars, we establish different requirements. If you're developing a habitat that will have an ability to be a safe haven, it would feel different as you're considering design solutions. If you're looking for standards that allow for various companies to dock to a consistent geometry, then you're talking about investing in a plug-and-play configuration perhaps as we're looking at ways to build things out.    If we're expecting to work in the vicinity of the Moon or Mars as kind of an anchor location for lots of other great things to happen, the solution again might be different. So again, the vision's important, and I think we'll eventually get through those things but it's going to be a very interesting couple of years.    Ms. Sigur. I will have to get that information and have it added to my hearing testimony.    Ms. Sigur. And my comment is much along the same lines. A level of commitment and vision I think are mandatory. NASA has a great vision to establish certain types of capability. What we can't afford to do is to start and stop and start and stop and start and stop. The questions and the issues are very hard. Multiyear funding would be beneficial, and that once we establish that there's a vision that we're going to go after, let's commit.    There's a difference when we're trying to get a commitment for someone to make a one-off and something that feels like a business. So having that vision, establishing it for multiple years and sticking to it I think would be a real benefit.    Ms. Sigur. Let me add a couple of points of clarification. The proposed mission would be one that would be in Mars orbit, not supplanting a mission to the surface of Mars, which is still planned as scheduled for the 2030s. The concept is that at Mars orbit, we'd be able to get smarter, we'd be able to get information and data, and it would allow for us to have real information about the planet and make real-time decisions and accelerate some of the milestones that would be forthcoming, and again, could happen a lot faster because we're in close proximity. The steps that we propose are taking advantage of existing committed missions that we have for Orion SLS with a view towards leaning forward as was just recently suggested by Congressman Bridenstine to say let's look to see what's happening in EM-1, 2, 3 and beyond to see if there are ways for us to do prepositioning, to see if we can work early tests with a target towards having before we get to 2024 a habitat system around the Moon, which does take advantage of using that as a testing ground for the deep space systems that we have before we go even further beyond.    So nothing that I've said is intended to preclude those milestones as steppingstones but really push towards how we can bring things forward to the left by doing some of the hard tests earlier.