    Mr. Richmond. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Thank you, to the Ranking Member of the full committee, and the Ranking Member of the subcommittee, and the witnesses.    Let me just start with some very basic stuff.    Major General Roggero, let me start with you.    I represent the district with probably the largest petrochemical footprint in the United States on the Mississippi River in New Orleans, around New Orleans. Is there any technology out there right now that would prevent these drones from being used to do reconnaissance missions just to look at the security on these chemical facilities or our port or any of those very sensitive properties?    General Rogerro. From a technology aspect, depends on what equipment they are using. But for a good amount of it I would say yes, there is technology that could do things.    I am not looking at policy right now or questions on technology, but yes, technology could get into the signal--either the video or the command and control of the system--and affect the navigation of the system so it may not be looking exactly what they want it to look at. So that is there.    But there are complications with that in terms of policy, with FCC rules and other things that--another issue that is out there is that the FAA has declared that all of these are aircraft, and as such, their second and third order of effects--perhaps unintended effects--but that aircraft is given protections as if it were a manned aircraft, as well. So there are certain actions, according to policy, that you can't take against them.    Mr. Richmond. Very quickly, I mean, part of this, I think, will have to be some industry, some Government, and everybody uses some common sense. But I think back to the very simple analogy of, if you go to the fancy golf courses and you are in the golf cart, there are some places the cart will not let you drive, like close to the green and other places they don't want you.    So at some point, you know, when we start talking about high school football games or, well, facilities--football stadiums, and baseball stadiums, and all of those things, do you see a day where those will, either GPS or otherwise, just be off-limits in terms of the capability of not being able to go in that space?    Dr. McNeal.    Mr. Richmond. Chief, let me just ask you a question, because earlier you mentioned, you know, at some point you would have to make a decision whether to take a drone down or not. Let me just ask you the--for me, the practical part of it. How do you do that?    Let's assume it is over a high school football game and you can't determine whether it is a amateur hobbyist or whether it is something nefarious. If you decided you wanted to take it down, what do you do?    Mr. Richmond. Mr. Chairman, thank you so much.    Thank you, to the witnesses.