    Mr. Segal. Chairman Bishop, Mr. Lowenthal, members of the committee, based on 25 years of practice of law and public policy in the environmental field, it is my pleasure to offer some thoughts on the Administration's use of the social cost of carbon.    In short, the use of social cost is currently not an appropriate basis for setting policy and misleads the public regarding the true cost of government action.    First, social cost is used to make expensive rules appear cost beneficial, when they are not. The methodology was used to make vehicle efficiency standards that had a net cost of $50 billion appear to have a benefit of $100 billion, and the EPA's power plant rules relied on social cost for as much as 65 percent of their alleged net benefits.    As the President's climate action plan comes further into focus, more and more regulations claiming to reduce carbon emissions will use social cost to appear cost beneficial when the truth might be otherwise. It has already been cited in 114 proposed or final rules across six Federal agencies.    When actual environmental benefits fail to satisfy a skeptical audience, social costs should not be used as some type of Hamburger Helper to make the dish look more inviting than it really is.    Some might say, ``Well, what is the harm in overestimating benefits? '' The Supreme Court reminded us earlier this month that too much wasteful expenditure devoted to one problem may well mean considerably fewer resources available to deal effectively with other perhaps more serious problems. Failing to recognize this reasoned the Court was irrational and inappropriate.    Even EPA's Air Administrator recently told Congress when asked if a rule can actually claim a particularized benefit related to reducing climate change. She said, ``You can't predict the climate that way,'' and of course, she is right. Stopping a particular project or adopting a particular rule does not yield a benefit down to the ton. EPA does not think so, but this is precisely what the social cost purports to do.    As a matter of law, social cost faces numerous legal, procedural, and other shortcomings associated with its development, derivation, and application--enough problems to clearly warrant the immediate discontinuation of the use of social cost values in the regulatory context.    Also, the potential use of social cost by the CEQ as a basis for agencies to reject or condition project approval is troubling. Seemingly it is inconsistent with Supreme Court precedent that requires NEPA, National Environmental Policy Act, conditions to have a real causal relationship to the actual action under review.    One basis for this conclusion is the uncertainty that swirls around the models used to determine social cost. This uncertainty falls short of the complete analytic defense and rational connection between factual inputs, modeling assumptions, and conclusions that have long been required by Federal courts as part of administrative law.    MIT Professor Robert Pindyck said, by contrast, the models the Administration has used have, ``crucial flaws that make them close to useless as tools for policy analysis. They are completely ad hoc with no theoretical or empirical foundation.''    The choice of models was never subject to public comment or review. Some have contended that social cost is not a rule. So why worry about procedural niceties like the Administrative Procedure Act.    But APA itself says that rules encompass the ``approval and prescription of valuations, costs and accounting.'' And it is a good idea that the APA does. What is at stake in the carbon context is substantial. The EPA clean power plant alone may place electrical liability at risk, causing blackouts that can cost millions a minute while endangering human health; energy price increases; shut our businesses; deter hiring; cause layoffs; increase the price of essential goods and services; and increase the cost of living for all Americans, including for people living on fixed incomes, like senior citizens and the poor, who are hardest hit by rate hikes.    If OMB does possess the legal authority to use social cost, which is a very open point, under APA it would still have to comply with the full range of procedural requirements, including advanced public notice, a full and robust opportunity for comment, and a description of the legal basis and purpose of the mechanism.    The Interagency Working Group seems to concede this point in its recent brief response to comments, when they indicated they would bound the matter over for a potentially lengthy National Academy of Sciences review based on the need for ``independent expert advice.'' But they would keep the old concept of social cost in place in the meantime.    Ladies and gentlemen, that is not how the administrative process is supposed to work. You do not keep the bad process in place while you are waiting for the better one.    The Administration also reiterated its commitment to calculate global benefits to carbon reductions even when no consideration is given to global dis-benefits associated with perpetuating energy poverty. The Intergovernmental Group says it prefers this because by adopting a global estimate we can signal our leadership, but there is no evidence that our leadership will be copied by other countries who, in fact, are our economic competitors.    Well, thank you for the opportunity to testify. I look forward to working with the committee further as it completes its important oversight tasks.    Mr. Segal. Well, I will answer the last one first. It might be a little beyond my pay grade, but my supposition is no. I think that automobility and also the way we generate electricity are going to be profoundly different as time marches on.    I also think that those technologies which we will deploy to adapt to the effects of climate change, including flooding, ocean acidity, you know, all of the 30 endpoints that the EPA describes as the accepted endpoints for climate change damage, adaptation is also going to occur that does not take into account in a straight linear progression like these models are.    But as far as the question goes to process and procedure is concerned, we are dealing with a situation of radical uncertainty. I mean, you have seen--not only is the nature of your question illustrative of that, but also the presentations that have just been made.    The choice of the very models that went into this was never subject to notice and comment, was never subject to any type of an analytical framework, and even when the Interagency Working Group asked for comment, they assiduously avoided comment on the question of are the fundamental assumptions appropriate and do they have legal authority to utilize social cost as a mechanism to call balls and strikes.    And what is the result? On two separate fronts, the Environmental Protection Agency utilizes social cost and also utilizes something called co-benefits, which I know you are very familiar with, claiming benefits on the health side to augment the benefits case for rules.    Mr. Segal. I'm a lawyer. I can't do yes or no. After an----    Mr. Segal. After administrative process that's sufficient, yes.    Mr. Segal. Right now, no.    Mr. Segal. Yes.    Mr. Segal. Sure, I will go along. Yes.    Mr. Segal. Well, first of all, with respect to the letter that was sent the other day from the Senate, it raised some very, very important points and some of which I think you have heard on review here. It said that the Administration has only provided general information. They have outright ignored requests for documents. They have not even discussed who the actual participants were in the Interagency Working Group. You would think that would not be deliberative. You could say he was actually in the room. That does not seem too bad.    Also if you look at the GAO, the Government Accountability Office's report on the development of this process, they spent an inordinate amount of time talking about how the agency which charges us the most for carbon regulations, the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, actually played a disproportionate role in the Interagency Working Group process. Yet that was not what Howard Shelanski at OIRA testified to last time he was before Congress.    So I do think it is a shame that a member of the Administration cannot be here to testify on these matters.    Second, I really do not see the Administration as being particularly transparent. Look, President Obama himself and his then-head of the OMB, Peter Orszag, said we were going to be the most transparent administration ever. That has not been the case here.    In fact, the very way this document has been rolled out, vending machines, small engines--and by the way, when they talk about small motors, they are talking about motors that are smaller than household blenders, all right?--and microwave ovens, this is where we get our indication of the changes that were made.    If they wanted to have an open and robust discussion, then the owner of a major utility, for example, in Arizona ought not to have to be looking to see what the coin-operated vending machine folks are getting in their rules. It is obviously an opportunity to hide the ball.    Last item, I have heard some Members of Congress say, and I heard my colleague Dr. Dorsey say, that he thinks it ought to be a negative discount rate because it ought to drive policy outcome. I heard two Congressmen indicate it is a policymaking tool. Ladies and gentlemen, if it is a policymaking tool, it needs authorization by the policymaking body, the U.S. Congress. We must be able to point to where in legislation this is authorized, and then we must have full and robust notice and comment rulemaking, starting with the choice and the administrative record about the various records. We've got to have it all.    Mr. Segal. Of course.    Mr. Segal. Yes.    Mr. Segal. Well, what Dr. Dorsey just pointed out proves why the social cost of carbon is completely bankrupt, because the social cost of carbon looks at a 300-year time frame and determines that we will have continued linear recapitulation of the harms of climate change.    But as he has just discussed, technology is verdant. Technology alters over time, and so our ability to adapt either by adapting to the endpoints or by bringing new technology onboard is important.    The underlying message of your questions though is undeniably correct, and what I would suggest is there is an excellent report entitled, ``The Social Costs of Carbon? No, the Social Benefits of Carbon,'' that comprehensively attempts to identify the social benefits of carbon. It was submitted for the record for the social cost of carbon documentation of the Interagency Working Group, and they, of course, did not respond to it in their response to comments.    I might suggest if the Chairman is game or if you would like that it might be submitted to the record. It seems like it would be useful.    Mr. Segal. Well, every step of that analysis, of course, I agree with. The bottom line is people tend to think of rules as impacting the direct endpoint of behavior, but the Administrative Procedure Act is smarter than that, and it says that changes in accounting principles, for example, that reflect on the ability of the Federal Government to choose outcomes, to reject a project, to implement a new rule are themselves rules and must be treated with the full complement of notice and comment rulemaking. That is something we have not had.    Every argument in favor of the social cost of carbon has proven the point of why they want this methodology to be used as a rule, as a mechanism to affect rights and responsibilities of people in the regulated community.    Take the discount rate. I love this. Give me a low enough discount rate or a negative one and give me a long enough time period, and I will justify the Federal Government expending money on anything you can imagine.    Independence Avenue is busy. I have trouble getting across it because I'm not so fast. If I wanted to build a bridge over Independence Avenue and they told me it would cost $10 billion, if I have a low enough discount rate and a long enough period of time to add up the traffic safety deaths that would be avoided by it, you will build that bridge.    And if you are mandated to do so by the approval of permits through the Council on Environmental Quality's oversight of the NEPA process or by Federal regulation, this tool can be used to be an incredible waster of money.    And why? Because the Interagency Working Group says we have ethical considerations which force us to use very, very low rates and very, very long time frames because we want to be leaders.    But that is what Congress is about. You make those choices. That is not for a group of bureaucrats, when they will not even tell you who is on the list at the IWG, to make those decisions.    That is usurpation of power. It is contrary to our Constitution.    Mr. Segal. Right.    Mr. Segal. I will give 1 second on that. You need permits to build infrastructure. You need infrastructure to realize the benefits of our new energy revolution, and incorporating SCC into that process stifles the ability to predictably get permits to advance energy infrastructure.    Mr. Segal. Yes, I just wanted to say one thing. If you wonder why they chose--and this is awesome. Go to the response to comments, and the IWG says the reason they chose the lower number is because of, ``certain ethical considerations.''    The ethical considerations they are talking about is that future generations should be treated with more speciality. I think we would agree that that might be an important social policy, but here is the point. This is supposed to be an economic assessment.    Mr. Segal. Dispassionate economic assessment. If we are going to do ethical considerations and base public policy on that, that is for this chamber to decide, to authorize, and then to have notice and comment, not for the agency, not even the agency to make it up out of whole cloth.    Mr. Segal. Right.    Mr. Segal. Particularly agencies that might have the job of authorizing the construction of infrastructure of the sort Mr. Newhouse was talking about or other projects. Those agencies are put in a terrible bind.    Mr. Segal. See, if they followed the strictures of the Administrative Procedure Act, the first thing they would have to do, Mr. Chairman, is explain what is the legal basis for the rule and what is the purpose of the rule, and these are two things that are controversial and can be utilized in the context of judicial review later.    They have never explained the legal basis because there is none.    The Chairman. All right. Last question.    Mr. Segal. Yes.    The Chairman. I have a question whether there is a legal ability to do this, and also, is there a legal ability to statutorily enforce this, which I do not think they claim they have that in the process?    But that is the other question. I wanted to re-emphasize this one last time. Is this therefore a potential constitutional issue?    Mr. Segal. Well, I believe it is a usurpation of what are political questions wrapped up in the guise of economic assessment and then carried off by the executive branch.    Now, we have seen this in similar contexts before. So I believe that is the heart of the constitutional issue.    There is one other constitutional issue, too. You have a right if you are in the regulated community to know what of your behaviors will cause what particular result, and since there is radical uncertainty regarding these models, you cannot know that. That raises other constitutional concerns.    The Chairman. Which makes this simply a political exercise, not necessarily an exercise in policy.    Mr. Segal. Correct.    The Chairman. And there is no amount of procedure that can cure the lack of statutory authority.    Mr. Segal. Right. You can do all the notice and comments you want, but if you lose the argument that you do not have legal authorization to proceed, procedure will not rescue you.    The Chairman. Thank you. And that ought to be a concern of Congress as part of the discussion.    I thank the witnesses for your testimony and for the Members who have been here asking those questions.    And for the four of you, Members may have additional questions, and we will ask you to respond to those in writing. Under Committee Rule 4(h), the hearing record will be open for 10 business days for those responses.    If there is no further business by members of the committee and since I am the only one here and I have no further business, without objection the committee stands adjourned with, once again, gratitude for you being here.