    Mr. Mullin. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Dr. Robinson, my State of Oklahoma has been hit particularly hard this year. According to Walgreens, Oklahoma City is the number one place for prescriptions to be issued out for Tamiflu. Tulsa is number five. I think we have had somewhere like 50 deaths, and in the neighborhood of 1,300 individuals being hospitalized. My family was hit real hard this year. Out of my five kids, four got it. My fourth daughter, who is 6, received actually two different strains of the flu. My wife and all my family missed the swearing in because of the flu. And now it is kind of ironic that I am sitting up here talking about this.    Just some follow-up questions. My understanding is, part of the challenge of being able to respond to the mismatch vaccine is the burden of regulations, but underneath declaration of maybe an emergency, those regulatory burdens change. Is that correct?    Mr. Mullin. No, I just wanted a yes or no on it. If it is declared an emergency, those regulatory burdens change quite a bit, right? OK.    In 2009, the President declared a public emergency during the swine flu, or the H1N1, crisis. That is correct, right?    Mr. Mullin. How many cases of swine flu had been confirmed, not deaths but had been confirmed in the U.S., when the President declared that public emergency?    Mr. Mullin. It was 20.    Mr. Mullin. We do have the number, there were 20 of them that was in that----    Mr. Mullin. Right.    Mr. Mullin. But there was----    Mr. Mullin. But there was an emergency declared with only 20 confirmed cases in the U.S. There has already been 50 deaths in just my State of Oklahoma.    Mr. Mullin. So I am trying to make a comparison here.    I believe the flu season goes through May in the Northern Hemisphere, is that correct? Right?    Mr. Mullin. OK, what exactly is the definition of a public health emergency? Dr. Robinson, do you want to take that? What are the criteria of us meeting a public emergency?    Mr. Mullin. So there is no set of specific criteria that we can look at, like the number of deaths or hospitalization to determine what is in the public's best interest as far as a health emergency?    Mr. Mullin. So it doesn't matter how many deaths we have, it is just 100 percent of----    Mr. Mullin . CDC to make that----    Mr. Mullin. Would it help if Congress or you guys could come up with maybe some criteria that we could look at that could maybe trigger it, rather than just waiting for the next crisis to happen, or, honestly, a public outcry?    Mr. Mullin. I understand there is some type of flexibility and, you know, there has got to be a little bit of more understanding of what we are dealing with, but it seems odd that there is no criteria at all for us to understand it----    Mr. Mullin . When something like the swine flu, that just had 20 cases in the country, was declared an emergency by the President, and yet we have a pandemic going on right now with the flu, and we could have maybe changed some of this with the regulatory burdens going through if we would have declared it an emergency faster, where maybe we could have got help to individuals.    Mr. Mullin. So----    Mr. Mullin. Could you maybe help us maybe draw some type of criteria that needs to be laid out so the next time this happens, we could have something to compare it to?    Mr. Mullin. Thank you. I yield back.