    Ms. McSally. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And thank you, gentlemen.    I remain a strong supporter of a fifth-generation fighter, having been an airman myself. Knowing the threats that we have that are emanating, we need that capability. However, I remain concerned about the close air support of FAC(A) and combat search and rescue missions that are currently being done by the A-10 Warthog and the F-35's capabilities to replace that without increasing risk to American lives.    General Bogdan, can you confirm that the F-35 requirements document is still that the F-35 would replace the A-10 and the     General Bogdan. Ma'am, what I will tell you is the requirements document that I have on the program does not specifically say that it will replace the A-10 and the F-16. My requirements document has to do with what the capabilities of the F-35 is. The decision to replace airplanes with the F-35 is a service decision.    Ms. McSally. Okay. I think, though, on the program page, I mean, the intent of the Department, the intent of certainly the Air Force is that the F-35 will replace the A-10 and the F-16. Is that fair to say?    General Bogdan. I would believe, from the public statements I have heard from the Chief and the Secretary and the combatant commanders, that is a true statement.    Ms. McSally. Okay. And I think that is also on the JSF Web site, as well, for the program.    On March 3rd, the Air Force Chief of Staff said in a hearing that the mission capability of the A-10 will not be replaced by the F-35. He also talked to me about this after our hearing last week. He went on to say the A-10's current workload would be handled by the F-16 and the F-15E. This was a total surprise to me to hear him say this, to be frank with you. So I am concerned.    And I look at their 5-year plan, that they are going to start mothballing more A-10s, next year, 49; 49 the year after that; 64 the year after that; 98 the year after that, finishing in fiscal year 2022. When do you think, again, we are going to be at FOC for the F-35?    General Bogdan. Ma'am, the full capability of the F-35 relative to close air support will be delivered in the late 2017 timeframe. We will have additional capabilities in our block for modernization that would make that mission more viable for the F-35. And I am not sure if the Air Force has declared an FOC date yet.    Ms. McSally. Okay. But from the testimony, I think, for Dr. Gilmore, I mean, we have seen the F-35A, and we have talked about this in previous hearings, capabilities are limited, 20, 30 minutes time on station; two bombs; you know, excuse my language, but we call one pass haul ass; no time to loiter; having to go to tankers; being Winchester; 182 bullets; limited night capability; inability to get data; targeting information; inability to survive a direct hit in close combat. These are all limitations we know about, we have talked about in previous hearings.    So, Dr. Gilmore, I appreciate that your office has decided to do a comparison test between the F-35 and the A-10 on close air support. And I am concerned also about the combat search and rescue and the forward air control mission. Can you give us an update on that comparison test and when that is going to happen and whether there are any concerns about funding or its continuation in another administration?    Ms. McSally. That is what I thought. Thanks, Dr. Gilmore.    Ms. McSally. Please do.    Ms. McSally. Okay.    General Bogdan . An ORD, which I do not control.    Ms. McSally. Okay. Thank you.    Ms. McSally. Great.    Ms. McSally. Right.    Ms. McSally. Right.    Ms. McSally. Right.    Ms. McSally. Thanks, Dr. Gilmore. I am over my time. But could you--when would we be able to have those results delivered to Congress of the tests, do you think?    Ms. McSally. So late 2019, early 2020 would be fair?    Ms. McSally. Okay. Thank you. I appreciate it.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. McSally. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I do just want to follow up on our discussion on requirements, just to make sure. Luckily, I flew airplanes, I never had to procure them. So this process seems a little cumbersome to me.    But just, Dr. Gilmore, an Air Force Chief of Staff has said that the A-10 will not be replaced by the F-35, on the record, within the last few weeks. And then said that to me in a conversation last week, surprising me. Is the Air Force going to be updating their ORD, or whatever you just called it----    Ms. McSally . To reflect that?    Ms. McSally. Right.    Ms. McSally. Okay. So you know of no efforts to update that. And if it is currently----    Ms. McSally . Going to be replacing the A-10 and the F-16, but he is saying the F-16 is going to replace the A-10, but then the F-35 is going to replace the F-16, then we are still in the same situation where we are. In specific circumstances for close air support, we potentially have additional risk or a gap or capabilities that are going to be degraded, which is why it is so important that we have this flyoff. Do you agree, Dr. Gilmore?    Ms. McSally. Right.    Ms. McSally. Absolutely.    Ms. McSally. Great. Thank you. And it seems like there is just some different messages coming out of the Pentagon. I mean, the Secretary of Defense, when he announced his budget, said A-10s will be replaced squadron by squadron, with the F-35 predetermining the outcome of this test. So we are trying to get some consistency out of the Pentagon by just asking these questions. I highlighted this to the Secretary yesterday. We are going to follow up with him and the Chairman. Because it just seems like even between the Air Force and the Secretary of Defense, they have got two different messages going on here.    We believe that any movement forward should be conditional. Let's have the test. Let's get the results of the test. And then let's make a decision afterwards as to whether we are going to be increasing risks to our troops on the ground.    So I appreciate the additional time, Mr. Chairman. Thank you, gentlemen. And I yield back.