    Mr. Posey. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And, Administrator McCarthy, good to see you again.    Mr. Posey. And let me just follow up what the last speaker was saying. I believe everybody on both sides of the aisle on this committee most certainly wants clean air in the most honest, efficient way possible and transparent way possible.    Last year, EPA proposed a regulation to prohibit conversion of vehicles originally designed for on-road use into racecars. The regulation would have made the sale of certain products for use on such vehicles illegal. The proposed regulation was contained within a non-related proposal entitled ``greenhouse gas emissions and fuel efficiency standards for medium- and heavy-duty engines and vehicles, phase 2.''    In response to the behavior, members of both the U.S. House of Representatives and the U.S. Senate introduced legislation with bipartisan support, I might add, that would clarify the Clean Air Act to explain that it has always been illegal to modify a street vehicle into a racecar.    It appears that three EPA employees, Mr. Brooks, a Ms. Werner, and a Mr. Belser, were involved with placing the provision in the rulemaking process. When those EPA officials briefed our committee staff on this issue, they readily admitted to conducting no scientific analysis on the impacts of the regulation whatsoever and with no scientific underpinnings. Your staff was questioned on the secretive nature of notifying the proposed regulation.    Again, your staff confessed that YouTube videos of diesel trucks co-rolling hybrid vehicles was the primary motivation for the proposed regulation. They even brought pictures of the YouTube videos to illustrate their concerns. That reasoning, frankly, is embarrassing. I hope it is to you, too, and a clear overreach by your staff and the EPA who is charged with rulemaking based on sound science, as you say often, not of unsubstantiated videos posted on the Internet. In fact, your agency was forced to drop the controversial language from the heavy- and medium-duty truck rule, and thank you for that.    The question is do you agree now with sneaking a provision into an unrelated rule without conducting any scientific analysis whatsoever and based on YouTube videos is not the proper way to do rulemaking?    Mr. Posey. Okay. I read those reports----    Mr. Posey. Thank you. I'm going to go to the next question here.    Mr. Posey. Have any steps been taken to reprimand or discipline the officials involved in sneaking this provision into the rule?    Mr. Posey. I'm still concerned that EPA wants to regulate the amateur racing community and those who use non-road vehicles for racing. It is my understanding that the Clean Air Act never had the intent to regulate these vehicles, as you've indicated, and that subsequent report you've heard.    Mr. Posey. Okay. So can you assure the American people beyond any shadow of doubt that non-road vehicles modified specifically for the purpose of racing will be exempt from the Clean Air Act in the future?    Mr. Posey. Well, and the racing community wants you to chomp down on those people.    Mr. Posey. You know, but----    Mr. Posey. We would just like to have your personal assurance that, you know, you say they're exempt now, but there will be no future efforts to change that exemption.    Mr. Posey. Okay. So you--are you giving me the assurance and the American people that non-road vehicles modified specifically for the purpose of racing will be exempt from the Clean Air Act?    Mr. Posey. Is that a yes?----    Mr. Posey. Can I just take that as a yes?    Mr. Posey. All right.    Mr. Posey. Yes.    Mr. Posey. Thank you. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I yield back.