    Mr. Jolly. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Chairman Rogers, Chairman Culberson, thank you for your support of some of the Gulf Coast of Florida's priorities in the last year. Madam Secretary, thank you for being here. I want to shift a little bit to a couple NOAA priorities.    One in particular that I know is of strong interest, concern to your department to the leadership at NOAA, and that is the notification in the last few weeks by our friends at the 6th Air Mobility Wing at MacDill, that they need their hangar space back for some KC 135s coming in and what that means for the disposition of the Hurricane Hunters and the NOAA fleet that, frankly, my predecessor was very instrumental in working with the department to make sure they were accommodated at MacDill.    I know the department and NOAA leadership has visited with at least two airfields in the area, one at Saint Petersburg/Clearwater Airport, which is in my district. It shares ramp space with the Coast Guard station. My understanding is there is ramp space, there is hangar space, there is office space for your 100 employees there, and that might be a feasible alternative. I know the Tampa Airport also has land and ramp space. I'm not sure about their hangar and office space available. NOAA leadership has been there.    My question for you really is from your perspective and that of NOAA leadership, what you see as the options, the requirements, the budget, the timeline. I know MacDill and the Air Mobility Wing is suggesting no later than about this time next year. They need the hangar space back at MacDill, so I was hoping you could comment on what you believe the options are and, obviously, as well as whether or not resources are there for any potential move.    Mr. Jolly. Sure. Do you know, among the options, the posture of the department, if you will, or of NOAA leadership, whether to move within the area to an airfield that actually has existing facilities? To me, that would seem fairly seamless. I know there has been planning and design at MacDill to build a hangar, but that would be a multi-year project.    And maybe if you could also share--and I apologize, I don't know the answer to this, kind of a color of money question--would Commerce ever be involved in bricks and mortar infrastructure on a DOD facility, or do you rely just on leasing either at a DOD facility or at a private airfield like Saint Pete/Clearwater or the Tampa Airport?    Mr. Jolly. Sure. And I appreciate that and I realize it is an issue for--that you rely on NOAA leadership for some direction on that. I will tell you, it is obviously of great concern to our area, I know it is of great concern to NOAA to keep the Hurricane Hunters regionally in that area, it is a strong concern and priority of mine as well.    And to the extent that our Chairman would work with me throughout this cycle, I want to make sure if there are resource issues or other impediments to keeping them in the Tampa Bay Area where, geographically, I think it makes sense to keep them both for your workforce as well as for the missions that they run. I want to make sure that this subcommittee is a partner with you on that.    Two other quick items I will just lay on the record in case we do not have time for a second round is we have worked very closely with NOAA on third-party data collection for ensuring that the data involved and decisions regarding fishery closures in the Gulf is sufficient.    This committee, together with the Senate, provided additional resources for additional third-party data, and I just want to lay on the record the intent, at least one part of the intent, of going into that was to bring the stakeholders to the table for the data collection at the beginning.    And I know so much of it will rely on peer-reviewed science and academia, but the intent, the true intent, going back a year was to make sure that our recreational, our for-hire, and our commercial all feel as though they have a seat at the table at the beginning of the data collection process, not at the end.    Mr. Jolly. Sure.    Mr. Jolly. Thank you. And on that, I know we do have to rely on academia to get the peer reviewed science right, but I don't want us to lose sight of the fact that we want this sector stakeholders to be involved in that process as well. So, thank you.    Mr. Jolly. Thank you.    Mr. Jolly. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Madam Secretary, just one more quick topic and again focused on NOAA, so if it is something we need to just put on the record and get back to. But I appreciate the request for additional investment in ocean acidification and coastal resiliency.    My question is about the delay of the Argos Satellite launch, the data-collection program that I believe as late as last year the decision was made between NOAA and some of the industry partners involved in the Argos program to launch in 2019, and I understand in the request that is possibly delayed now as late as 2021. And if we need to take it for the record, we can, but this is a question given our mutual interest in both data as well as the quality of our oceans, the ability to monitor the data related to ocean quality, ocean acidification, resiliency, and so forth. How Argos contributes to the current mission and any fear of a lapse in data collection or compromised data as a result of a two-year delay from a schedule that as recently as last year was just agreed to.    So if you do have any information on that, I would be happy to--certainly appreciate any contribution. If not, we can do it for the record.    Mr. Jolly. Right.    Mr. Jolly. Argos.    Mr. Jolly. Sure. And I appreciate that.    Mr. Jolly. If we can just put it on the record and follow up.    Mr. Jolly. Right. No, Argos. Thank you very much.    Mr. Jolly. I appreciate it.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Jolly. I see they rang for votes. I will be very brief. I know this is a priority of the chairman so I want you to have as much time as possible. The chairman has been very helpful to me in the Gulf of Mexico and making sure we know how to count fish, so I am happy to support your initiatives here in space. My only question is in these oceans you are finding are there any red snapper in them?    But look, we have the right chairman, the right ranking member on these issues on right now. I am excited to support what you are doing. So thank you all for being here today. I appreciate it.    Mr. Jolly. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Mr. Administrator, thank you for being here. A couple of quick questions, first one about Kennedy Space Center. A couple of years back NASA moved to move the launch complex 39A over to private vendors, if you will, for I guess the comprehensive suite of management. Can you update us on that? And on the competition for infrastructure if you will? And whether or not that has slowed SLS or not?    General Bolden. It has had no effect on SLS whatsoever. And I think the reference you make to 39A is, that is the historic launch pad from which Neil Armstrong and his crew launched. When we phased the Shuttle out we determined that we did not need two full launch complexes. And rather than mothball 39A we made the decision that in our ongoing effort to try to commercialize as much as possible we would compete that. I know there were several companies that competed. SpaceX was finally awarded a long term lease for 39A. I have not physically seen it myself but everybody that tells me says that it has undergone a complete revision and it is incredible. That is where they intend to launch the Falcon Heavy later this year, we hope. In the meantime we have continued our work on SLS and Orion. And I would invite anybody who wants to go to Michoud down in Louisiana, or go to the Cape if you want to see Orion. We actually have, we completed the welds on the first crew module for Orion that will fly on EM-1, an uncrewed flight. But that is done. We are continuing to work on Orion. It is on schedule. SLS, we are actually producing barrel sections that go in the core stage of SLS down at Michoud. We just last week at Stennis fired a full 500-second firing on one of the RS-25 engines that is going to go in the cluster of four for SLS. And we are about to start testing on the engines that will be used for EM-2. We have test fired the SRB, the solid rocket booster for EM-1 out in Utah and we have another test firing coming up this spring. So I do not, you know, our work with commercial entities has actually enhanced our work with SLS and Orion because it has freed us up from having to worry about providing access to low Earth orbit. I know Mr. Kilmer is really interested in commercial space flight and stuff.    Mr. Jolly. Sure. Sure.    General Bolden. It is the partnership between commercial and government that has actually allowed us to focus on SLS, Orion, and deep space exploration while industry and entrepreneurs take over access to low Earth orbit.    Mr. Jolly. So it has been a success at 39A without any delay in operations?    General Bolden. There has been, I would have to ask Elon about whether or not he thinks there has been no delay.    Mr. Jolly. Sure.    General Bolden. As far as I know, we have not delayed him. He is not moving as fast as I think he thought he was, since he had actually said they were going to launch last year. But they are doing very well by all our measures that we can see.    Mr. Jolly. All right. You mentioned EM-1. On EM-2 in 2021 we provided funding through this committee for enhanced upper stage in last year's bill and it is not in your request I believe?    General Bolden. It is not in the 2017 request--however we continue to work on the exploration upper stage as a part of the 2016 appropriations. And because we really want to fly the exploration upper stage as quickly as we can. And we will, as I explained to the chairman, our hope is that we will be able to work with the committees in the final determination. Because as I said again, it is you that decide what the ultimate appropriation is. And so--but we are working on the exploration upper stage, although we did not fund it, because we had to prioritize and we want to keep moving. We are actually looking at, we look at the SLS and Orion as part of a program.    Mr. Jolly. Sure.    General Bolden. Everybody gets stuck on EM-1 and EM-2 and we are busy worrying about this ten-year period of time that we are going to be operating in cislunar space. And we will need multiple vehicles, many more than EM-1 and EM-2. So that is what we are focused on.    Mr. Jolly. But to achieve the EUS larger capacity for EM-2, there would need to be 2017 funding, right?    General Bolden. You know, I----    Mr. Jolly. I understand it is not in your request. But if there is no funding there in 2017, does that disrupt the ability to then have the EUS in the EM-2 in 2021?    General Bolden. Let me go, I will take it for the record. Because I want to give you a thorough answer. It would cause us, as you said, to interrupt the flow of the production of the exploration upper stage. But based on the budget that we submitted, we think we have a way to still produce the exploration upper stage for EM-2, which is what we would like to do.    Mr. Jolly. EM-2, OK.    General Bolden. But we need to work with the committee, the appropriations committees, to make sure that we are getting the funding that would be necessary to do that.    Mr. Jolly. OK. Thank you. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Jolly. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Just one very quick top-line question. One of the justifications for moving to commercial providers for crew and cargo to station was to essentially spendless or achieve certain efficiencies and savings, so that then you could focus on other activities. Are we spending less? Have we achieved savings?    General Bolden. I would say we are, sir. I can, you know, I will take it for the record to get you the specific data on comparative costs between what NASA was paying in the days of the space shuttle program when we had to provide all the infrastructure and everything.    Mr. Jolly. OK.    General Bolden. Yes.    Mr. Jolly. That is it. Easy question.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Jolly. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And thank you for being here. I have got a series of kind of unrelated questions. The first one is ATE. Can you maybe touch on the trend line with ATE? The value of supporting community colleges and the contribution they might provide? How that fits into the broader basic research portfolio?    Mr. Jolly. Is that fairly level funded? And I apologize for asking.    Mr. Jolly. Sure.    Mr. Jolly. Sure. Very good. And thank you for your commitment to that. You know, it is, quite often we hear about the additional need not just for well educated tech supporters to support perhaps the basic researchers, but also the contribution they make in a lot of communities like mine to advanced manufacturing and a manufacturing sector that is coming to rely on more and more educated tech graduates, if you will, that can support that. So ATE clearly contributes to it.    Second question, again I am going to jump around a little bit, the $400 million in new mandatory spending. Can you, and I apologize if the chairman has addressed this, can you address that request? You know, mandatory kind of jumps off the page----    Mr. Jolly . When you see it in a budget request.    Mr. Jolly. Is it creating stability? I mean, I know on the investigator side one of the issues is always stability of funding. But why mandatory?    Mr. Jolly. Sure.    Mr. Jolly. And one last question. And I know you addressed Mr. Honda's question about directorate specific funding. And look, I do not think we need to bring politics into science. And on my side of the aisle I am one that is happy to accept science. But in a, kind of lay terms to ask the question, is the concern over directorate specific funding because there is political interests in the administration that are different than those that might be in the Congress? Or is it because you want the discretion to allocate funding where you think the likelihood of the greatest breakthroughs are?    Do you understand the difference in that? For instance, there are certain priorities of the President that might be different than the Congress, and he has that prerogative to do so. So is that what you are trying to protect? Those political and policy priorities? Or is it protecting the discretion to pursue certain breakthrough areas?    Mr. Jolly. OK.    Mr. Jolly. Sure. OK. Thank you, and I know my time is up. I yield back.    Mr. Jolly. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Couple of quick questions on the disaster resilience research you are doing, a little bit of that portfolio. And I am particularly interested that, if you can discuss it generally, but on the infrastructure side if there are areas of pursuit that NSF is pursuing or following?    Mr. Jolly. Sure, sure.    Mr. Jolly. OK. If you could, and no rush.    Mr. Jolly. It is from within the portfolio, specifically in the infrastructure area. And I know infrastructure a lot is connected communities and IT and so forth. But my district, in particular, it is one county, it is a peninsula, we are ground zero for everything from flood insurance to other issues related to being essentially at sea level.    And so much of what is debated regarding climate change, and what is the appropriate response to that, ultimately that response ends up resting on some very small municipalities and local jurisdictions that have to address infrastructure issues from underground and utilities to whether you use cement or asphalt on the roads, to whatever those issues might be. So I would be curious if, within the portfolio, there are advances, or at least areas of pursuit, within what I would call hardened infrastructure or actual infrastructure.    Mr. Jolly. Sure.    Mr. Jolly. No, and I understand the role of basic insurance and I understand modeling of extreme events, but as it translates then into basic--or into applied and actual, ultimately, products, that hardened infrastructure in a community like ours. Those are areas of strong interest.    And, again, I use the asphalt/cement example because it was a recent conversation I had about the cost benefit of roads and infrastructures using cement as opposed to asphalt and the ability to withstand certain environmental events, if you will, what it means for infrastructure. And decisions that local cities, counties, municipalities are able to make in the long run. Ultimately, what you are doing on the basic side advances their ability to make decisions years from now.    Mr. Jolly. Sure.    Mr. Jolly. Of course.    Mr. Jolly. Fully appreciate that. But to know that there is basic science research in that field is, frankly, very encouraging for a community that is coastal. And real quickly, I know my time is almost up. If you could elaborate at all on the two research vessels----    Mr. Jolly . And the type of ocean research that might support.    Mr. Jolly. Sure.    Mr. Jolly. Thank you very much. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.