    Mr. Sherman. Thank you. Thank you for holding these hearings.    For the most part, our Government programs aren't designed to focus on democracy in China, but the thing that I think will be even more important to bringing democracy to China is if we are able to expose to the Chinese people the incredible levels of corruption in their own regime. We have the capacity to ferret out proof of their top government officials and mid-level government officials with enormous assets both in and out of China. And I don't think there is much that would do more to bring democracy to China than exposing this level of corruption.    We are in a stronger position to push for democracy in other countries. In Burma, we face two issues: One, getting the military or military-flavored regime to agree to democracy; and, second, trying to get both the democracy advocates that we have sheltered and supported for so long, and the military regime to understand the importance of minority rights. I am especially disappointed that Aung Suu Kyi and others who we have supported so fervently have not spoken out and acted to protect the rights and the physical existence of the Rohingya.    In Thailand, we need to support democracy even if there are, I don't know, more yellow shirts than red shirts or more red shirts than yellow shirts and even if the more numerous shirts may represent a policy that we regard as a little too redistributionist or adopting economic policies inconsistent with majority economic thought here in the United States.    I look forward to learning what we can do to bring both development and democracy to Cambodia. And as to Hong Kong, the Chinese Government is obviously doing less than promised, and we need to expose and pressure that. At the same time, the people of Hong Kong do enjoy something closer to democracy than the rest of the PRC. And I think that the example of Hong Kong is one that the rest of China may choose to emulate.    I, like the chairman, want to keep my opening remarks short, and this is the first time I have concluded them in only 3 minutes.    I yield back.    Mr. Sherman. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I didn't think we would be talking about fast track here, but I do need to make a few comments.    Mr. Marciel, when you say this will strengthen the American economy, I think you are a little outside of your expertise. The trade policy of the United States the last 30 years has led us from being the greatest creditor nation of the history of the world, the greatest debtor Nation in the history of the world. We have lost well more than 5 million jobs. We have eviscerated the middle class, and now we are being asked to double down on what is a trade policy so bad that it is able to stagnate wages in the greatest country, to the greatest workers in the world; a trade policy that is able to do all that to what is otherwise the greatest economy and the greatest workers in the world.    As to Vietnam, obviously, they are going to show the greatest, nicest human rights face right up until the ink is dry. Labor leaders, I am sure if this deal goes forward will not be arrested for being labor leaders. They will be arrested because drugs are planted on them. They will be arrested, if you really want to scandalize the world, because they will plant child pornography on them. And Vietnam, certainly, does not have the judicial independence to defend its rights regime sufficient to expose a well-designed regime conspiracy to jail a labor leader. And I think the labor leaders there will surely understand that.    As for the United States being able to do anything right now, you can do as much as you will ever been able to do because we are in negotiations. Your successor will soon realize that as powerful as DRL is, the Nike lobbyists are far more powerful. And once profits from Vietnam hit $10 billion, $20 billion, $30 billion, your successors will find it more convenient to talk about Thailand and Burma.    I saw this happen with Iran where administration after administration refused to apply the Iran Sanctions Act because of commercial interests right up until the time when they were close to a nuclear weapon. I will agree with you, if Vietnam develops a nuclear weapon, then we may be able to generate more interest.    But let's focus on China. What undermines totalitarian regimes often is the sunlight of information. Mr. Marciel, is it our policy or should it be to acquire information relevant to Chinese citizens and to publish it, whether that be about the real levels of pollution in Chinese cities or the real level of foreign assets owned by Chinese leaders?    Mr. Sherman. Well, I am asking you, would we do more and that is use the CIA to expose--to gather the information that needs to be exposed? I am sure that we are going to advocate for the Chinese journalists. The Chinese journalist doesn't have the CIA's investigative power. The Chinese, arguably, just hack us pretty badly. Certainly, the CIA could publish a report a week about the Swiss chateaus owned by this or that comrade.    Mr. Malinowski, do you have a comment, Deputy Assistant Secretary?    Mr. Sherman. When I say ``the CIA,'' I mean all of our information-gathering capacities.    Mr. Sherman. I am not saying we should fight it. China is a strategic adversary. We should be using it. The more corruption in China, the less likely it is that China surpasses us or intimidates us.    Mr. Sherman. I want to get to one other question, but if you think that the average Chinese citizen will regard one agency of the U.S. Government as being more apolitical than another, you give them and us an awful lot more credit than I think.    And the democratic activists in what the State Department still calls Burma, we protected them. We used sanctions. We were effective. They now share some degree of power. What have we done to call in a chit or two, and say that we need to see those who advocate for democracy and majority rule also advocate minority rights in the area of the Rohingya?    Mr. Sherman. Thank you.    Mr. Sherman. Yes. The news reports show refugees fleeing to Malaysia, Indonesia, and they say it is a combination of Bangladeshis and Rohingya. But do we have any view as to is it more one or more of the other that are on those ships? And, also, why would Bangladeshis be fleeing their homeland at this particular time?    Mr. Sherman. I mean, is it 10 percent Bangladeshis or 80 percent Bangladeshis?    Mr. Sherman. Why would Bangladeshis be leaving Bangladesh at this particular time and be willing to take these enormous risks?    Mr. Sherman. Well, this particular year.    Mr. Sherman. And they are nabbing people in Bangladesh?    Mr. Sherman. So we hear reports that they have to pay thousands of dollars to get on the ships, and they are saying, in other cases, they not only pay nothing, but they are literally captured. A significant number are coming from Bangladesh, where they don't face religious persecution. It is just bad economics in Bangladesh.    Mr. Sherman. I think you have gone beyond my question, and I have gone beyond my time, but thank you very much.