    Mr. Doyle. Thank you. I appreciate you yielding to me. And I want to thank the chairman for holding the hearing. And to our witnesses, this is like deja vu all over again. These guys are here all the time. But welcome back. We are glad to see you.    The Lifeline program connects millions of people around the country to their only source of communication and I just wanted to take a minute to congratulate Commissioner Clyburn for her leadership on this issue and the efforts of the full commission to modernize this program and bring it into the 21st century.    I also want to commend the Commission on moving forward on broadband privacy reform. I agree that it is critical for FCC rules to be updated to suit our modern needs and that these rule recognize the privileged position ISPs hold in acting as gatekeepers for the rest of the internet.    So, Mr. Chairman, that is all I have to say and I would be happy to yield back to you so that you can yield to our other colleague.    Mr. Doyle. It is just a matter of time.    Mr. Doyle. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Chairman Wheeler, I want to thank you for your leadership on special access and for advancing this issue through a very thorny process. It is critical that we get this right and it is critical that we get this done. I believe your team is working diligently on this proceeding. I would only ask that as you work through this issue, you be sensitive to the harm that is being done at this moment to competition across the country and that as you proceed, you keep in mind that this is an ongoing issue that is not only hurting competitors but hurting consumers as well.    With regards to Lifeline, as you move forward with Lifeline, I have asked you to be mindful and ensure that low-income Americans can still use this program with no additional cost. Opening up the program to more competition and enabling participants to choose how they use their subsidy is great. But I would ask you to take particular care to ensure that three options remain available and that enough flexibility exists in the program so that people don't lose their access to this critical resource.    With regards to privacy, thank you again for moving forward on this issue. I was happy to see the Commission take action in the order to prohibit super cookies, as well as the enforcement action it took on the same issue. However, I must say I was disappointed to not see a prohibition on deep packet inspection or a proposal to prohibit companies from manipulating consumers into giving up their privacy for a discount on their bills. Privacy shouldn't be a luxury for a few that can afford it.    So, as you move forward with this proceeding, I would ask the Commission ensure that it is not enabling ISPs that charge consumers for their own privacy.    And finally, on zero rating, I remain concerned about zero rating in the marketplace. Studies have shown that consumers, by far, prefer zero rated apps and services when faced with the expense of busting their data caps. This gives ISPs a natural advantage in the marketplace and enables them to choose winners and losers.    I don't think that we need a blanket ban on zero rating but when ISPs zero rate their own apps and when zero rating programs are anti-competitive, consumers are being harmed. So, I would ask, Chairman Wheeler, to encourage you to take action to police these programs.    Now, I went through all this quickly to give you some time. You and Commissioner Pai, you know Commissioner Pai said quite a few things today that I think might have hurt your feelings and I wanted to give you an opportunity to maybe comment on your stewardship of the commission.    And also there seems to be a disagreement here on whether or not on the issue of set top boxes that copyright is being protected and that whether it is true that people can take other people's content and not pay for it. So, in the remaining 2 minutes and 26 seconds, Mr. Chairman----    Mr. Doyle . The floor is yours.    Mr. Doyle. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I am glad you feelings weren't hurt.