    Mr. Poliquin. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, very much. I appreciate it.    And thank you gentlemen for all coming today. If we all as a country look at the state of our economy, where it has gone and where it is going, in the last 5 or 10 years, my understanding is that about 80 percent of the new job hires in this country were in the small-to medium-sized business space. So we want to make sure that we do everything humanly possible to help our small businesses grow.    I just looked at a survey a short time ago saying something like 42 percent of business executives believe that the lack of financing is one of the key reasons that they just don't have the confidence to hire more workers and grow their business.    So I know that Dodd-Frank is a smothering regulation that is reducing the available credit among lots of players in your space. And so I salute you folks for trying to fill that void.    I just heard something, Mr. Gerber, a short time ago that I want to drill down with you a little bit if I may, something that for a non-traded BDC like you folks that the information that is provided tends to be opaque. Now, we want to make sure that investors who are investing in these sort of financial products, that they have all the information they need to go forward. Could you address that, sir?    Mr. Poliquin. Okay. So contrary to what was said here today by a member of this committee is that an investor will have the same type and same amount and detailed information if I am buying a traded or non-traded BDC, is that correct, sir?    Mr. Poliquin. Thank you for clarifying that, Mr. Gerber. I appreciate it very much.    Mr. Poliquin. You bet.    Now, I want to pivot a little bit here. And we only have a couple of minutes left. I will start with you, Mr. Arougheti.    You folks, and all you folks in the financial industry space live under this net, this Dodd-Frank net, which was intended for a small number of money center banks that really have tentacles throughout our economy that could cause a problem if something happens, but are certainly not designed for everybody.    I want to know if you could wave a wand, what one regulation now within the Dodd-Frank net would be best to remove, repeal, or reform such that you folks are able to grow your portfolio companies and hire more workers?    Mr. Poliquin. What about you folks possibly being regulated by the DOL or by the Federal Reserve or the SEC? How does that make you feel?    Mr. Poliquin. Okay.    Mr. Foster, do you want to add anything to that?    Mr. Poliquin. Thank you.    Mr. Quaadman, would you like to respond in my waning seconds here?    Mr. Poliquin. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, for the additional time. I yield back. Thank you.