    Mr. Guthrie. Thank you all for being here. I appreciate it. It is important for us to move forward on this as we work on higher ed reform.    I am in this situation. I had a daughter just graduate from college, but I have a son in college and before I came here was planning our college tour for my senior in high school, my little girl, and so when we leave--drop them off those days that crush us all; we leave them on campus and drive away.    We want to make sure that we are doing everything we can here and you are doing everything you can to make sure they are in a safe place. And so this information is going to be good for us.    And you look at, like, harmonizing requirements. I have learned--I was in state senate and now here--that when there is a requirement added or things done it is because something happened. And so we are reacting to something that happened and trying to prevent it in moving forward, and sometimes you get different bills that happen at different times and so you get different requirements.    And it should be an opportunity for us all to sit down during the higher ed reform and say, ``What is this report trying to accomplish and what is it trying to prevent, and how can we harmonize them and do them together?'' So that is important to do.    And, Ms. Scaduto, you talked in your written testimony, I believe, about some of the requirements that are established by the administration that don't necessarily--or it is difficult to work around--with nontraditional campuses, nontraditional students.    Would you care to elaborate on that and talk about how that is difficult too? We need a system to take care of that, but we want to see how the particular requirements make it difficult to comply.    Mr. Guthrie. And, Dr. Rue, I was going to ask you to elaborate more on your prevention, because that is where we are--want this--we would love to--we want to get to zero. We know we have to have systems because we are not at zero, but elaborate on your preventions that you were--you mentioned earlier, and then the ones that you think are most effective to students.    Mr. Guthrie. Thanks.    And I will just conclude with the day that you drop them off and you drive off campus, you are--like I said, you are crushed because you are--they are leaving home; but you leave them, I mean, you are also excited for them, and you want them to have the experience of a lifetime, and you want it to be safe and secure. So thank you so much for that.    And I yield back.    Chairwoman Foxx. Thank you, Mr. Guthrie.    Mrs. Davis, you are recognized for 5 minutes.