    Ms. Titus. Thank you very much. Just to kind of recap--because I have been sitting here a long time--we were presented with this major bill a week ago. It is a bill that transforms, not reforms, despite whatever the new jargon is. We have had one hearing today, which came at the request of the Democrats--weren't even going to have that--and tomorrow we are going to mark it up.    We have had 3 hours of hearing, and almost all the questions have been answered with very little specificity. In fact, every answer is basically a, ``Well, trust me, this is just the beginning of the process, we are going to work it out.'' Well, that is not very satisfying. And so I have some concerns that I hope somebody can answer with something specific.    My first concerns, like a lot of them, are about cost. I represent Las Vegas. And, as you all know, that is the--one of the busiest--world's top tourist and convention centers. And I often hear from the hospitality industry if you increase the cost of tickets, that is going to hurt the number of people--or perhaps negatively affect the number of people who come for recreation and for business. Also we have tour operators as a big industry that provides transportation out to see the dams, Colorado River, Grand Canyon. And those costs will be affected.    So I am just wondering if anybody can guarantee me that, since the purpose of this privatizing--I have heard this over and over, too--is to run more efficiently, have cost savings, if those cost savings will be passed on to passengers, or if they are going to go into the bottom-line profit of airlines. So can I say to my industry, ``Yes, this is going to help to bring down costs, it is not going to increase costs''?    Then the second major concern I have, which is also one that is shared by many, is the representation on the board. My colleague, Mr. Hardy, was talking about how big the drone industry is in Nevada. That is true, it is growing everywhere. And yet you have no representative on the board. The air tour operators aren't on the board. Air ambulances aren't on the board. Consumers aren't on the board. Department of Defense, not on the board. Now, you got some little extra advisory committee over here, but we all know that is just window dressing. They don't really have any kind of authority. So how are their views represented by this board?    And then the third question that is--maybe somebody can address is there has been a lot of focus on union issues for air traffic controllers. But what about the other unions, those who do the safety inspections, the tower maintenance, the construction? Is this board going to honor Davis-Bacon provisions? Or, now that it is a private Corporation, can they just throw all that out the window?    So whoever wants to answer those three questions, I would appreciate it. And maybe we can start with you, Mr. Poole.    Ms. Titus. You know, so many times we have heard that you need to run it more like a business, and then we let businesses do it, and then Government has to come back and bail those businesses out because, sure enough, they couldn't do it more efficiently and effectively and cheaper than we could----    Ms. Titus. That would be a science experiment.    Ms. Titus. But not in a country that is comparable to the United States.    Yes, sir?    Ms. Titus. If I could just sum up real quick, it seems--Mr.--just a second. There has been an uncertainty of the shutdown, uncertainty of the market, uncertainty of this bill, uncertainty of who is on the board. Seems like maybe mandatory spending would be a better way to reform, rather than transform the system. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.