    Mr. Cartwright. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Chairman, in the wake of the Edward Snowden revelations, obviously there has been a debate and public outcry over what some are seeing as the government's overly aggressive reaches into people's personal lives. I don't think most people would question that the need for the government to retain secrecy in certain areas to protect our national security is important. In my mind, though, there is still an important role for FOIA requests to shine a light on government actions that might not be in line with the core values that make our country great.    Ms. Neuman, I want to ask you, with decreased funding and a shrinking number of FOIA staff, what has the effect been on the public's ability to maintain that visibility and that transparency and to hold judicial, legislative, and executive branches accountable?    Mr. Cartwright. Great.    Mr. Cartwright. It wouldn't hurt to have more professionals doing this man and woman power work, right?    Mr. Cartwright. Well, you're being very diplomatic, Ms. Neuman, and appreciate it, but I have to move on.    In his testimony, David McCraw says that there are three primary areas of FOIA delays that need to be addressed. First, the culture of unresponsiveness; second, agencies deferring responses to other agencies; and third, that there are times when the information being requested has been submitted by companies to regulators, and so the agency has had to resolve private industry privacy concerns.    Congress has been working on legislation to expedite the sharing of cyber threat information, not just between private companies but also within the government. Now, here on this committee we have passed out of this committee with approval H.R. 653. This committee reported it out with approval this year.    Ms. Pustay, would you comment on 653? Are you familiar with that legislation?    Mr. Cartwright. Okay.    Mr. Cartwright. Well, let's do that. Do you have recommendations on how these efforts might be applied to increasing government transparency?    Mr. Cartwright. Well, good. I don't mean to cut you off.    Mr. Cartwright. But would you forward those to my office?    Mr. Cartwright. Thank you for that.    I want to conclude by following up on something Mr. Connolly from Virginia was talking about. He was talking about Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice's emails. And, Ms. Barr, you were testifying that your understanding is that she used an official account to do emails, although you had not ever seen one of those emails from her on that account or any other.    My information is that Secretary Rice has not disclosed whether she used a personal email account for official business. She has not disclosed whether she used a private email account for official business. And, Ms. Barr, can you confirm or deny that? Do you know either way on that question? It's a yes or no, and I have to hurry. Yes or no, do you know?    Mr. Cartwright. Well, I'm going to invite my dear friend from South Carolina, who I know is looking into the question of emails of Secretaries of State to really delve into the question of whether Secretary Condoleezza Rice used private email accounts for official business.    And with that, Mr. Chairman, I yield back.