    Ms. NETUS. Chairman Boustany, Chairman Walorski, thank you for the opportunity to speak before the committee today. I would also like to thank the House Ways and Means Committee Chairman Paul Ryan and the rest of the distinguished committee members. My name is Marsha Netus. I am the vice president and general manager of America Works of Maryland, Inc. It is my pleasure to testify before you today.    America Works was founded in 1984 and was the first for-profit company dedicated to helping individuals become self-sufficient through employment and retention services. Founder Peter Cove and president and CEO Dr. Lee Bowes made it their life mission to improve workforce development programming by connecting socially deemed hard-to-serve job seekers with private sector employment.    In 1997, the Maryland office located in downtown Baltimore was opened with the goal to help long-time welfare recipients find unsubsidized employment. Since then, the Maryland office has expanded its services to assist even harder-to-serve populations, such as violent ex-offenders who have been incarcerated for at least 1 year, long-time SSI or SSDI beneficiaries, disabled veterans, and youth aging out of foster care.    Collectively, we have placed over 10,000 people into stable employment. Our networks of employers rely on us to connect them with qualified individuals eager to work. I have been part of this branch since its inception, witnessing the implementation of the Personal Responsibility and Work Opportunity Act through the transition to the Deficit Reduction Act of 2005.    Through my observation, regardless of the population served, Chanel's testimony demonstrates a true reality for those facing upward mobility. Fear is linked to the reality of the clients we serve. Even when finding clients to testify before you today on their realities of life, fear surfaced among them that retribution could occur, making an already difficult situation worse, like sanctions for choosing to be selective with employment.    Individuals will turn down a job for fear their other support services could be interrupted. Here you have Chanel, a single mother raising two young children, highly motivated to work, but apprehensive of taking full-time employment because although she will earn a livable wage, her daycare copay and the loss of food stamps could keep her in the same socioeconomic status as before employment.    When I met Chanel, she was elated to share she was hired at the new Amazon distribution center in Baltimore, a 40-hour-a-week job with excellent benefits, but gravely concerned that this opportunity could result in a repeat of the past. She had great jobs before, decent wages, good benefits, and chances to create a career path for her family, but lost them because although it sounds like a good situation, the reality is she still needed transitional assistance.    Although she is excited about this new opportunity, she is feeling a bit leery about her outcome. Will this really be the chance to get off the system? Although our retention team will provide her with the guidance and supports needed to succeed, certain supplements are simply out of our control. Clients have declined good jobs for fear it could affect their extended supports, such as housing, child care, medical assistance, and food stamps.    As wages increase, the likelihood of the client contributing more equally increases. Our experience has found that there are others that will just take the opportunity, eager and determined to provide more for their families, only to result in being terminated because the reality is they are still relying on public assistance like daycare vouchers.    Without a true support system, they cannot make it work. Sadly, once their earnings exceed a federally defined hardship amount, they no longer qualify for assistance, and in all likelihood it may be eliminated altogether.    This could be the case for Chanel. Despair enters their world, and my staff and I aggressively work to instill hope back into their lives. This is even more challenging for those who have gone through specialized training programs.    Ms. NETUS. Sure.    <F-dash>    Ms. NETUS. Often at a financial cost to themselves, never resulting in employment, yet alone earnings initially marketed to them.    America Works has developed several programs where skills development is in direct correlation with private sector needs, providing the individual with not only the theory aspect of the job, but the realistic experience of understanding.    I petition the committee to truly evaluate the transitional process and support systems for helping low-income working families leave the welfare system. Unfortunately, the priority is aimed at ensuring full participation of work activity, as defined by the law, to not accrue penalties instead of a system designed to guarantee stable employment.    Through our experiences, we know people want to work. With proper matching, there is a job for everyone, but we need an unmitigated system to ensure longevity of employment, which will result in reduction of the welfare rolls.    Thank you for the opportunity to testify before you today.    Ms. NETUS. Chanel is actually--she is common. Most of the people coming through the door that have moved on into permanent employment, as I stated earlier, are very fearful because, not only Chanel, her greatest fear is child care. I have a number of participants whose fear is housing. The moment they start working, their housing expenses start to rise. We also have a number of individuals that deal with just food stamps. As Chanel mentioned as well, too, that once they start working, the month after, their food stamps are more than likely adjusted.    Ms. NETUS. So it is common.    Ms. NETUS. I think they are very familiar with it. I mean, amongst just talking to each other, they can hear what is going on out there. Often they are finding out these situations a little too late. By the time they take the job, they now get a letter in the mail that says, your benefits are going to expire.    So, yeah, I think they are familiar with it. And I think that once one person goes through it, they tend to share it with the others. And so Chanel is a perfect example of someone who has gone through it, and she is going to talk to her peers. And true enough, you know, they will be able to make decisions based on that.    Ms. NETUS. I think it promotes work with limitations. I mean, we have people that are eager to go to work so they want to do so, but it is kind of they are tossed as to whether or not they should take a full-time job versus a part-time job.    Ms. NETUS. I think so. I mean, we are looking more so for a longer transitional period. I do know that in Maryland, they do provide that, but, again, it is the timeframe or it is kind of immediate that the transition happens, not often giving the person the time or chance to really be able to build and save. So it would be--you would need a transitional period. A little bit more extended than what they have right now in order for the person to be able to maintain.    Ms. NETUS. They do. They need us because we know how to essentially walk them through the system. Most people who are going through this process, they have no one to tell them how to do it. So when they come to our organization, we can help explain a lot of the changes they are going to undergo. And so a company like ours would definitely be able to help a person like Chanel as we plan to do as she goes through her next transition into employment.