    Mr. Roe. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And congratulations, Dr. King, on your nomination and appointment as Secretary. And just a couple of comments about backfill. And in our State I was the mayor of our local community. Once we had raised the education spending, we could never go back, so there was no backfill at all.    Anything that came in was additional to what we had in the list, at least in the State of Tennessee. And for the first time since I have been a Congressman, 7-1/2 years, it is fun to walk into an elementary school or high school and see smiling teachers and smiling administrators finally. They do like this bill.    I spoke with one of my school directors yesterday and I think it is really the implementation of it and that is why we are talking today so that last night we went to a 1,000-page rule to define one word. I do not think we need that kind of weight down on these folks and distance where we are, the Department of Education is provided grants where for the Foundation where I live, it has done a great job of getting distance.    I want to revisit a conversation we had in February about the weights States apply or the indicators of their accountability system. It said, and I quote, ``I think we have an opportunity where the States can broaden how they define excellent education and make their definition more well rounded than the narrow focus on English and math assessments like we saw during the No Child Left Behind era.''    I was pleased that your proposal did not prescribe weights or offer a range of weights in which States would have to choose but I am concerned about the parameters that did include to limit the way States waiver indicators.    Can you point to me the statutory language that supports your proposal and how the limitations imposed in your proposal fit with your commitment to give States an opportunity to broaden how they define success?    Mr. Roe. We agree that local control is essential. Accountability is essential and desegregation of data is essential to find out that our children--their needs are not being met.    Mr. Secretary, as you know, the statute requires States to include in their accountability systems at least one indicator of school equality or student success. The point of this, of course, is to ensure the State accountability systems are taking into consideration more than just test scores in determining school performance.    The statute includes a few broad parameters for this indictor but your proposal goes beyond those parameters by requiring that this additional indicator be supported by research that performance or progress on such indicator is likely to increase student achievement or graduation rates. Could you provide the statutory justification for adding this additional requirement?    Mr. Roe. Just one last comment before my time expires is that I think we have a great opportunity to put the fun back in education again.    I mean, the teachers were just absolutely--I would go into a group of educators and ask how many would do this job again and the majority would not and that is not good. And I think this gives us an opportunity to put the fun back in education and I hope we do not weight it down too much. I yield back.