    Mr. Roth. Thank you. Chairman Chaffetz, Ranking Member Cummings, and members of the committee, thank you for inviting me here today. As you know, we have made public our report concerning the incident at the White House Complex on the evening of March 4.    Our objective was to conduct a factual inquiry and to assess the reasonableness of the actions of the individuals involved. We conducted this investigation from March 12 until April 30.    This inquiry centered on the activities of two senior Secret Service supervisors. Marc Connolly is the Deputy Special Agent in Charge of the Presidential Protective Division, a position that he has held for the last 2 years. Connolly's duties include all aspects of White House security. George Ogilvie is the Assistant to the Special Agent in Charge at the Washington Field Office and is a supervisor in the protection squad. He has previously worked in the Presidential Protection Division.    The report that we wrote is a summary of the investigation, and it is attached to my written testimony. The materials of our investigation that we produced, our reports of interviews, the physical evidence, and the documents we found, have been turned over to the Secret Service in accordance with our regular procedures.    The Inspector General's Office does not make recommendations as to whether or what personnel actions should be taken, but leaves that to the Secret Service. Our duties in this instance are purely investigative.    The report makes some conclusions based on the evidence that we found. For example, it was more likely than not that Connolly and Ogilvie's judgment was impaired by alcohol. The two agents displayed poor judgment and a lack of situational awareness in driving into the scene.    While during their interviews each denied drinking to excess, we must assess those denials in light of the Uniformed Division officers' observations of the agents' behavior, the fact that they had just spent the 5 previous hours in a restaurant bar, and that two highly experienced supervisors drove into a crime scene inches from what the rest of the Secret Service was treating as a potential explosive device and which, under different circumstances, could have endangered their own lives and those of the Uniformed Division officers who responded.    Moreover, both agents were required to report their conduct up the chain of command, but failed to do so. Each told us that they did not believe that what they had done amounted to a reportable incident. Their failure to report reflects either poor judgment on their part or an affirmative desire to hide their conduct.    With regard to the actions of the Uniformed Division that evening, we found that they reacted to the suspicious package generally in accordance with Secret Service policy and operational procedures. However, the establishment of the perimeter should have been better executed. While there's often confusion inherent in a fast-moving and factually fluid situation, a number of vehicles and pedestrians came within close proximity to the object after the Uniformed Division had established the safety perimeter.    The Uniformed Division officers made reasonable attempts, while they were securing the scene, to canvass the area for the suspect, but an early partial description of the suspect's vehicle foiled the ability to apprehend the suspect during her flight. However, the Secret Service investigative agents reacted quickly to identify the suspect and determine the nature of the threat.    It was the watch commander's sole decision to allow Connolly and Ogilvie to pass without further inquiry as to their sobriety. The watch commander made this decision on his own assessment based on his observations. While it would have been far preferable if he had ordered a field sobriety test or made other inquiries to establish both agents' fitness to drive, the watch commander's actions must be considered in light of the vast disparity in rank between the watch commander and Connolly, who was in the watch commander's chain of command, the vague and insufficient Secret Service policy regarding drinking alcohol and driving government vehicles, and the Secret Service reputation for punishing or ignoring those who would further investigate or report such violations.    The watch commander reported the facts as he understood them to his superior officer. The watch commander and his subordinates should have been able to rely on their superior officers to appropriately report the situation. Both Uniformed Division Deputy Chief Dyson and Uniformed Division Chief Simpson were notified that night that the two agents had driven into an evacuated area and that alcohol was involved, and each could have reported the incident, but did not.    I would like to publicly acknowledge the hard work of the agents of the Office of Inspector General who conducted this investigation. They displayed a dedication to the OIG mission and professionalism that does me proud, and I am grateful for their efforts.    Additionally, I would like to express my appreciation for the outstanding cooperation we received from the Secret Service's Office of Professional Responsibility and from Director Clancy himself.    Mr. Chairman, that concludes my testimony. I'm happy to answer any questions you may have.    Mr. Roth. Certainly. What we had found was that--and let me get to the page in the report that has that.    Mr. Roth. Thank you, sir.    Correct. There was an email that was sent really up the chain of command all the way to the SAIC of the Presidential Protection Division that described in sort of very vague terms what had occurred at the entrance of E Street.    Mr. Roth. I think it was to let Mr. Connolly know that, in fact, word was getting out of the incident and that he had the necessity to self-report.    Mr. Roth. During that night when Mr. Connolly was driving home, he called Deputy Chief Dyson and expressed his concerns with regard to the fact that this was getting out.    Mr. Roth. Not knowing any other facts, it certainly would raise some additional questions I'd have to ask Deputy Chief Dyson. The evidence that we have derived indicates that Mr. Connolly and Deputy Chief Dyson had a conversation as Connolly was driving home expressing concerns about that email itself.    Mr. Roth. Our interview of Deputy Chief Dyson, I believe he indicated that it sounded like Connolly was in the car as they were having that discussion.    Mr. Roth. I was not aware of any of that. What we did find with regard to the video preservation was, as you know, there's only a 72-hour preservation of the video unless it is somehow burned to removable media.    What we found in the course of our investigation was the actual, what I would call the barrel incident, Ogilvie driving and striking the barrel and moving the barrel out of the way, was, in fact, burned onto removable media at the request of the Uniformed Division folks who were on the scene and who wanted to figure out exactly how it was that that barrel was moved. We, of course, had no other video, so there was nothing else to review other than that snippet that had gotten burned that night.    Mr. Roth. That outranked Braun?    Mr. Roth. There was an assistant to the SAIC, I think in the Presidential Protection Division, who was there, so in other words, an investigative agent, I think, in a GS-14 level. I'm assuming that that outranks Braun, but I'm not 100 percent sure.    Mr. Roth. Apparently that's what the facts show.    Mr. Roth. Well, I think there are several points of failure. I mean, certainly one of the points of failure is with Connolly and Ogilvie, who had, according to Secret Service policy, a duty to report their own misconduct up the chain. So the SAIC of the Presidential Protection Division, in fact, should have been informed by Connolly, and the SAIC of the Washington Field Office should have been informed by Ogilvie, but were not. So that's one point of failure.    I think the other point of failure is with the supervisors, the leadership in the Uniformed Division. Both the chief and the deputy chief could have and should have reported it up. Each of them when we interviewed them said: Well, the reason that we didn't do it is because Connolly believe--or Connolly told us that he was going to self-report, so I didn't want to do it, I'd rather have Connolly do it.    Mr. Roth. Correct.    Mr. Roth. Well, I think it was a failure on those individuals' parts to do what it is that they were supposed to do.    Mr. Roth. Those are the four individuals that I believed had primary responsibility. Obviously there were individuals, for example, in the JOC, the Joint Operations Center, who understood what went on, including the 1811, the special agent supervisor who was at the JOC that evening, who could have reported it up, probably should have reported it up. There are the Uniformed Division individuals themselves who could have reported it as well.    Mr. Roth. That's correct, sir.    Mr. Roth. Sure.    Mr. Roth. Yes, I do. And the way I see our office is where we add value is having that independent fact-finding ability, to be able to go in and gather documents and interview individuals who are, in fact, compelled under DHS rules to talk to us.    So what we intend to do is very similar to what we did with the Bush residence alarm report that was issued a few weeks ago. We are going to find a lot of facts and we are going to see exactly what it is that we find. We are going to use the disinfectant of sunlight. We are going to publish reports. We are going to report them both to the Secretary, to the Director of the Secret Service, and obviously the committees to whom we report.    We think that at the end of those fact-findings, some of the conclusions or some of the sort of themes will become apparent. But, for example, we'll do--or we are in the process of doing an investigation into the 24 incident at the CDC where the President was in close proximity to an armed security guard, unknownst to the Secret Service.    We will write a factual report about exactly what happened, where there were points of failure within that, and publish that, again, to this committee, as well as the other committees of jurisdiction, to the Secretary, and to the Director.    Mr. Roth. I think that's a pretty good analogy. The only difference is that we are going to do this serially. In other words, we are not going to wait until the end. We are going to produce these, because we think it's important to get the information out as quickly as we possibly can.    Mr. Roth. Correct.    Mr. Roth. That's correct.    Mr. Roth. We did.    Mr. Roth. That's correct.    Mr. Roth. That's correct.    Mr. Roth. That's correct.    Mr. Roth. We don't. And what we found with a lot of these policies is they were put in, in sort of a piecemeal and patchwork fashion. But we don't have a good explanation as to why it only applied to the Uniformed Division but not to the special agents.    Mr. Roth. That's correct.    Mr. Roth. Yes.    Mr. Roth. That's correct.    Mr. Roth. We did not look at that in this investigation, but that is something that we are certainly interested in.    Mr. Roth. Certainly not right now, it is not, I mean. But one of the things about the report that you reference, the 2013 report, is that there are fascinating findings within it. For example, they did a survey, an electronic survey in which 138 electronic survey respondents personally observed excessive alcohol consumption and 86 percent of them indicated that they did not report such behavior. The report also indicated that of the 2,500-and-some electronic survey respondents, 44 percent of them felt that they could not report misconduct without fear of retaliation if they, in fact, reported that.    So within that report itself there are some very, very disturbing trends. And I think, given the nature of what it is that we've seen since then, I believe that there is a serious problem within the Secret Service.    Mr. Roth. We haven't done any work on that, but it would not surprise me if it is still that case.    Mr. Roth. Well, it certainly has improved since Cartagena. The Secret Service has taken steps to--they have an Office of Integrity now, for example. That is the one that imposes discipline. As a result of our 2013 inspection, we made a number of different recommendations, including the table of penalties, which they now have adopted. So I think the Secret Service is moving in the right direction in this area after Cartagena.    Mr. Roth. I would agree with that.    Mr. Roth. Well, candidly, I think Director Clancy is moving in the right direction. As I said, they've indicated they've put together a table of penalties, they have an Office of Integrity. I think they're doing increasing training on this. I think they've treated violations of this very seriously. For example, the auto accident in Florida involving some of the Uniformed Division that was alcohol related, I think the discipline that was imposed there was appropriate.    So I won't expect that a problem that took years to create will be fixed overnight, but I do think they are moving in the right direction.    Mr. Roth. We haven't taken a specific look at other law enforcement agencies to the degree that we have with the Secret Service.    Mr. Roth. That's fair.    Mr. Roth. Again, we haven't looked at that, so it's very difficult for me to opine on that.    Mr. Roth. That's correct, it hasn't been brought to my attention that that's the case.    Mr. Roth. I think you raise a good point and a good concern, and it's certainly one that we wrestled with, with regard to what does it mean to be on duty, because most of these special agents are subject to recall at any time. Does that mean they can never consume alcohol? It would seem to be an irrational policy if that's the case. But I agree that there probably is room for clarification with regard to that.    Mr. Roth. We did not. We interviewed some of the individuals who were at the sort of farewell party in which alcohol was served. Some of them had alcohol and then, for example, went back to the office to continue to work. But we did not really press it.    And my point with regard to that is that the DHS policy was really unknown to the Secret Service. No one within the Secret Service understood it. We did not see any attempts by the Department itself to promote this policy. The policy was in the manual for essentially maintenance of cars, government cars. It was not a place in which you would naturally look to see a policy like that. So it was difficult for us to blame somebody for violating a policy that, one, they didn't know about, and, two, no one made an effort to tell them about.    Mr. Roth. Yes. I agree with that. Subsequent to this, of course, as has been noted, the Secret Service put a new policy in place, a very bright line policy in place that says you cannot step into or operate a government vehicle if in the last 10 hours you've had any alcohol whatsoever. So certainly the behavior that took place at the party is now prohibited. So there is clarity.    Mr. Roth. Well, what we found was that there was a lot of uncertainty as to what the policy was. It was to not drive drunk, obviously. But the question of when you're impaired, in other words, is it okay to have a drink and then drive? And I think at a previous hearing Director Clancy, in fact, talked about that. If you're not able to control your actions, it's not a legal limit, but it could be something less. You may not be intoxicated by a legal limit, but some could say that you don't have the proper abilities. So some sort of impairment. But that was such a vague sort of standard that it's functionally unenforceable.    Mr. Roth. Correct.    Mr. Roth. Sure. I mean, our policy is that we find the facts and conduct the investigation, and then we give everything that we have to the Secret Service, because we are not in the discipline business----    Mr. Roth. --we are in the fact-finding business.    Mr. Roth. No. We have transmitted our information last week. So we haven't heard anything back. I mean, typically we won't, by the way.    Mr. Roth. Yes. I share your concern with exactly that. We don't know the degree of the problem, but it certainly seems like there are some issues here.    Mr. Roth. Thank you.    Mr. Roth. That's correct.    Mr. Roth. That's correct.    Mr. Roth. Yes, sir.    Mr. Roth. No, I don't. I believe that this was communication between the two to make sure or see whether or not the word had leaked out with regard to the incident that had happened 2 days prior.    Mr. Roth. It was an interview that took place as part of an investigation that we were doing. He has the obligation, obviously, to be--to tell the truth. And I think there are penalties as a result of not telling the truth.    Mr. Roth. No, I do not. I think, particularly in the supervisory chain, that they had an independent duty to report this, either to me or to the Secret Service Office of Professional Responsibility, or up the chain. I would note that the Uniformed Division chief said he didn't think it was his job to report misconduct that happened by special agents.    Mr. Roth. I think this is a communication problem.    Mr. Roth. The policy says that individuals have a responsibility to report suspicions of violation of law or regulation, either to the Inspector General or, for example, here to the Office of Professional Responsibility.    Mr. Roth. There is a Secret Service policy that requires individuals to self-report, yes.    Mr. Roth. I think it is effective if you have the integrity to do so. Obviously, if----    Mr. Roth. I think that's a question that you should direct to the Secret Service.    Mr. Roth. We are not in the business of determining what the appropriate punishment should be.    Mr. Roth. I think their behavior was troubling.    Mr. Roth. I think there ought to be consequences for these kinds of actions, yes.    Mr. Roth. Again, that gets into areas of personnel law that I am simply----    Mr. Roth. Personally, I have been in the government for 29 years. I have a pension. It's vested. That is my property. I would like to think I could rely on that.    Mr. Roth. I certainly understand the frustration with this. I mean the maximum consequence that could be faced here would be termination from the service, leaving the service, which is functionally what retirement will do.    Mr. Roth. I think it is a lack of accountability.    Mr. Roth. Well, again, I think what the Secret Service has done--and again, this is probably better addressed to the Secret Service--is institute a series of reforms, for example a table of penalties, a more uniform way of administering discipline, better communication, those kinds of things.    Mr. Roth. Correct.    Mr. Roth. Financially?    Mr. Roth. I think that's something that's worthy of some discussion. Certainly one of the things that we tried to do, for example, what I did when I came onboard is I sent an email to all 7,000 email addresses in the Secret Service indicating that we were interested in finding sort of misconduct, waste, fraud within the Secret Service, reminding them of protections they have within sort of the Whistleblower Protection Act as well as the Inspector Generals Act. You know, as a result of that, we have gotten some work, some reports. The report on the Bush residence that had an alarm that had been out for 13 months was as a result of a whistleblower. Somebody came forward and said, look, this is an unacceptable thing. You should see what's happened here. And we were able to investigate it, we were able to write a report, we brought it to light, and we fixed the problem. So what I am hopeful of is that as we move down the road, people will understand that, in fact, they do have some redress, that, you know, reporting something up the chain won't simply be ignored, but they will actually fix the problem. But it is going to take some time.    Mr. Roth. What we found was actually even worse than what you described because for the longest time it was only a 24-hour retention policy.    Mr. Roth. And they only changed that after the incident in which there were these functionally gate crashers at the State dinner in 2011. Then they moved it to 72 hours. The system, as I am sure you know, is a combination of digital and analog. It was stood up in 2007. And really, you know, in some ways this is very similar to what we saw in the Bush residence, where they had installed an alarm system after--this was the senior Bush--left office, and they never replaced it. So it was a 20-year-old alarm system that was protecting, you know, a former President. They didn't have a system in place to be able to update these kinds of things. There was not, you know, for example even like a ticket system where if you needed something repaired there would be a record that, in fact, you requested these kinds of repairs.    So a lot of their fundamental business practices simply have not kept up with the 21st century. I think the good news is that with regard to the White House video system, there are updates that are going to occur in the near future.    Mr. Roth. I do. I am not sure that's public information.    Mr. Roth. That is what one of the Uniformed Division officers told us, yes, that the watch commander said. The watch commander subsequently denied that, for what it's worth.    Mr. Roth. The sense we got was that was one of the motivations for the watch commander not to do any further inquiries, because he thought there may be retaliation against him. In other words, it would be a career killer for him. Certainly consistent with some of the things that we found in the 2013 report with regard to a high percentage of people failing to report misconduct, believing that either nobody would listen, or you would, in fact, be affirmatively retaliated against.    Mr. Roth. It is certainly not the latter. And in fact, it is the DHS policy, it is DHS-wide, that they are required to report it to either the Secret Service Office of Professional Responsibility or to the Inspector General.    Mr. Roth. I am not aware at this point what that is.    Mr. Roth. Correct. Correct. As I said, the Inspector General's office isn't involved in specific discipline cases. That's the Secret Service's responsibility. So what we do is we engage in this fact-finding and then hand it over to the Secret Service to do exactly what you suggest.    Mr. Roth. Sure.    Mr. Roth. Right.    Mr. Roth. Secret Service headquarters.    Mr. Roth. That is not, in fact, true, correct.    Mr. Roth. Sure. There is a Secret Service table of penalties that talks about the range of consequences for specific things. And I can go through the specific ones with regard to give you an example.    Mr. Roth. There is a process that's in place that the Office of Integrity for the Secret Service runs, which is the deputy of the Office of Integrity will write up, I assume take a look at our report and supporting materials that we have produced, and determine whether or not discipline is warranted. If he does, he will write up what is functionally a charging letter and give that to the individuals who are involved here, Connolly and Ogilvie.    They have due process rights under the law. They have the ability to appeal it to the Integrity officer, as well as, if the consequences are severe enough, to the Merit Systems Protection Board.    Mr. Roth. I am not sure. I mean, certainly, you can only discipline people who are Federal employees. If somebody leaves the Federal service, then there is no discipline to impose because the most discipline you can impose is to throw them out of the Federal service.    Mr. Roth. Yes, it would.    Mr. Roth. I am not 100 percent sure. I think in the instance of these two individuals, I think a Google search is going to take care of that.    Mr. Roth. Right. But I am not sure. That's an area of employment that I that I just don't have.    Mr. Roth. I certainly share that concern.    Mr. Roth. Yes, there is.    Mr. Roth. Sure. And I am simply reading from the manual that the Secret Service has. And it says, ``Any incident in which an employee of the Secret Service is involved which may be the cause of publicity or inquiry from others must be immediately reported to the employee's supervisor. The range of incidents which might occur is so great it is not possible to enumerate them. Each employee must judge when, in his or her opinion, the matter may or could be given publicity in the newspaper or other media, or may be the subject of inquiry.'' And it goes on. But that gives the gist.    Mr. Roth. That's correct.    Mr. Roth. We asked them that question. Their answers were twofold, or at least for Deputy Chief Dyson it was that he had spoken to Connolly twice, and Connolly had said that he would self-report. Dyson believed that it was better for Connolly to self-report than for him to report. With regard to the chief, he said, one, that he believed Connolly would report, and two, he said it was not his job to report misconduct on the behalf of agents, but rather just misconduct on behalf of Uniformed Division officers.    Mr. Roth. The Special Agent in Charge of the Presidential Protection Division, or the Office of Professional Responsibility, or the Inspector General.    Mr. Roth. Again, what he said was he did not report the incident because he did not believe it was his job to do so, and assumed that Connolly was going to self-report.    Mr. Roth. At the time they were not aware. Since this incident, there have been steps to----    Mr. Roth. You know, it's a matter of, I think, both publicizing it and educating individuals about it. But, for example, we interviewed Ogilvie's direct supervisor, who didn't know what the policy was.    Mr. Roth. Correct.    Mr. Roth. We looked at that issue, specifically with Ogilvie and Connolly. The bar tab was closed out at 10:47, roughly. They entered the E Street gate slightly before 11 p.m. So they had finished drinking before 11 p.m. Their duty hours started at 9 a.m. the next day. So they may have----    Mr. Roth. Correct. What we found, though, or at least by the preponderance of the evidence, that the four individuals who were there were the last to leave. So there wasn't anybody else left.    Mr. Roth. Sure.    Mr. Roth. By all means, you should encourage them to contact us. We are going to take this stuff seriously, as we have with this incident, as we have, for example, with the Bush residence incident, the other look-backs that we are doing on these security issues that we are continuing to look at. And I really think that the only way that the culture is going to change is if we can demonstrate, we can prove that, in fact, we are going to take these things seriously and do something about it.    Mr. Roth. Absolutely.    Mr. Roth. Correct.    Mr. Roth. It's not an issue that I have really looked at or thought about. I mean, there is certainly a facial validity to have a uniformity across all of DHS, which there clearly is not right now.    Mr. Roth. Correct.    Mr. Roth. Yes, it did.    Mr. Roth. Correct. Correct. And the duty to report it to us, to the Office of Inspector General, is the Office of Professional Responsibility within Secret Service. So in other words, if they get a complaint that, you know, talks about somebody who is a GS-15 or above and other sort of categories of incidents, they have a duty to report it to us. So once they hear of something, they must report it to us, and then we make some decisions as to whether we will take it or not. Independent of that, of course, is the duty that all DHS employees have of reporting suspicions of wrongdoing.    Mr. Roth. Office of Professional Responsibility. It's the internal affairs group within the Secret Service.    Mr. Roth. They knew about it on March 9.    Mr. Roth. March 9.    Mr. Roth. Correct.    Mr. Roth. Correct.    Mr. Roth. That's correct.    Mr. Roth. Exactly. Only one group can conduct an investigation. Otherwise, you have people tripping all over each other. So once there is a decision made, for example, for us to take it, then everybody has to step back and allow us to do our investigation.    Mr. Roth. Sure. I think the point of failure was the senior management within the Uniformed Division who knew of it and did not report it to, for example, Director Clancy or to the Office of Professional Responsibility.    Mr. Roth. Is that the watch commander?    Mr. Roth. No. The watch commander reported it up his chain of command to, for example, to the deputy chief of the Uniformed Division. Additionally, there was a Special Agent in the JOC, the Joint Operations Center, who was aware of what went on. She certainly could have and probably had a duty to report that as well.    Mr. Roth. Neither, sir.    Mr. Roth. No.    Mr. Roth. Well, I share your concern, particularly given the fact that he was responsible for all the operations within the White House complex.    Mr. Roth. And that is something we wrestled with with regard to the fact that Special Agents are, in fact, subject to recall at a moment's notice. In fact, that's one of the reasons they have government cars that they can drive home at night is because at any moment, they could be called out.    To give you a good example of that is the two Philadelphia agents who at 2 in the morning had to sort of respond to the home of the woman who had dropped the package. They didn't know that evening that they were going to get that call and have to drive in the pouring rain to this woman's house. So it's very, very troubling.    Mr. Roth. The way the process works is there is an investigation that's done, which is now completed. As of last week, we transmitted all of our materials to the Secret Service to their Office of Professional Responsibility and their Office of Integrity, which then manages that program. And what happens, as I understand it, is that there would be the deputy within the Office of Integrity who would then assess the materials and basically write a charging document, if that's the right word, proposing certain discipline.    Mr. Roth. Well, they have a table of penalties.    Mr. Roth. Well, I think this is very, very serious conduct. I think the fact that it has caused me to expend all these resources, it has caused the director of the Secret Service to distract himself from his important business to have to testify before here, appropriately so, I think it is very, very detrimental to the effective functioning of the Secret Service.    Mr. Roth. I am hoping that this process will create a situation in which people will have more confidence that we are able to acknowledge our problems and fix our problems. If it doesn't get resolved, then I would say there would be less confidence.    Mr. Roth. I have had a number of conversations with Director Clancy about this. I think he is committed to doing it. I will have to say that they didn't get into this situation overnight, and they are not going to get out of it overnight. But do I think he is making the right moves? I absolutely do.    Mr. Roth. I think they would have gone back to Secret Service headquarters, but I am not 100 percent sure, as I sit here, exactly who that would have been. But I do recall in some of the interviews the fact that what happened is they would have a beer and a sandwich, say good-bye, and then go back to work.    Mr. Roth. That's my understanding.    Mr. Roth. I don't have that information.    Mr. Roth. No.    Mr. Roth. It would appear to be that way, yes.    Mr. Roth. Yes.    Mr. Roth. They received my first draft--or this draft, May 6. We supplied the underlying materials either in the middle or late last week.    Mr. Roth. I don't have that information.    Mr. Roth. I am not sure what the process is for revocation of security clearances. I know that there is a process that's involved, but I don't know what it is.    Mr. Roth. That's my understanding.    Mr. Roth. My understanding is that nonpaid leave--unfortunately, Congressman, you are getting into areas of employment law that are simply beyond my competence. And I apologize for that.