    Mr. Kindt. Yes, sir.    Mr. Kindt. Mr. Chairman, Ranking Member, Members of the Committee, participants and guests from the U.S. House of Representatives and the U.S. Senate, thank you for your kind invitation to testify.    As a University of Illinois professor since 1978, I believe that a large majority of not only Illinois academic experts but also other U.S. academics would and should urge President Barack Obama and Obama Administration colleagues to support the restoration of the Wire Act.    Internet gambling is an issue of strategic financial stability and Wall Street regulation. It is not an issue of electronic poker, daily fantasy sports gambling, and other fun and games methodologies, which are actually deceptive proposals to leverage gateways for legalizing various gambling activities throughout international cyberspace.    Alarmed by gambling, U.S. Senator Paul Simon and House Judiciary Chair Henry Hyde sponsored the bipartisan U.S. National Gambling Impact Study Commission. Reporting to Congress in 1999, the Commission concluded that Internet gambling was impossible to regulate and that Internet gambling must continue to be prohibited, including by the Wire Act initiated by U.S. Attorney General Robert F. Kennedy to combat organized crime, and via even stronger prosecutorial enforcement mechanisms.    Accordingly, upon the urging of 49 state Attorney Generals, the 2006 UIGEA was enacted into law. At the time, there was concern about a UIGEA fantasy sports loophole, which has since been dangerously exploited by disreputable organizations and needs to be closed.    Internet gambling's destabilization of Wall Street and international financial systems becomes apparent in the investigative news video, ``The Bet That Blew Up Wall Street,'' which Warren Buffett titled ``financial WMDs'' and which members are respectfully but strongly urged to watch at the 60 Minutes website or on YouTube under ``Credit Default Swaps.'' Wall Street is dangerously flirting again with trillions in unregulated derivatives; that is, financial side bets. In this context, vacuous Internet gambling financials predicated on gambling activities are in development, and Internet gambling stocks would cannibalize a series of speculative bubbles, which can only lead to another Great Recession, or worse.    Killing personal, business, and institutional finances, Internet gambling is widely known as the ``killer application'' of the Internet. Internet gambling places real-time gambling on every cell phone, at every school desk, at every work desk, and in every living room. With ease, people can ``click your phone, lose your home'' or ``click your mouse, lose your house.''    Internet gambling destabilizes U.S. national security and the strategic economic base.    Titles of some of the United States International Gambling Report series produced at the University of Illinois speak directly to these dangers. Volume I, The Gambling Threat to Economies and Financial Systems: Internet Gambling. Volume II, The Gambling Threat to National and Homeland Security: Internet Gambling. Volume III, The Gambling Threat to World Public Order and Stability: Internet Gambling. The over 3,700 pages in these three volumes alone include reprints of 97 original congressional documents detailing the dangers of Internet gambling.    Citing the threat to national security, in 2006/2007 Vladimir Putin recriminalized 2,230 electronic gambling casinos. What do the Russian economists know that still eludes the Federal Reserve Board and Washington decision-makers?    Internet gambling is big government interstate gambling promoted and abused by big government.    Like Illinois, the U.S. needs the ``New Untouchables.''    Gambling lobbyists now dominate the economic policies of 28 states, giving away at least $35 to $100 billion to gambling's insiders since 1990. Illinois is now the most bankrupt state in the country, with over $110 billion in unfunded liabilities, including being branded by the SEC in 2013 for pension and securities fraud, and placing teachers, public employees, pensions and social programs in extreme jeopardy.    For example, in 1990, 10 casino licenses worth $5 to $10 billion were given away to political insiders in Illinois for only $25,000 each, including one insider convicted in the Governor Rodney Blagojevich scandals. The 2011 reinterpretation of the Wire Act was initiated by Illinois officials.    Similarly, lobbyists callously use the 9/11 tragedy to slip into Federal law billions of dollars in tax breaks for slot machine electronic gambling. These breaks should be ferreted out and eliminated.    Big government gambling cheats consumers. Are the electronic games and slots fair?    Conclusion: The U.S. should reinstate the ban on Internet gambling and encourage other countries to emulate the U.S. ban.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman and Members of the Committee. Thank you.    Mr. Kindt. I would tend to be in favor of this bill, and I think it should be actually stronger and more extensive. We need to keep the Internet gambling genie in the bottle. The U.S. National Gambling Impact Study Commission said keep this----    Mr. Kindt. Yes, sir.    Mr. Kindt. I think all gambling----    Mr. Kindt. Mr. Chairman, I think all gambling is economically problematic. You are not creating anything. There are opportunity costs. There is no product being created, artificial risk.    With regard to can it be kept within borders, I don't think technologically that is possible.    Mr. Kindt. Yes. Sports gambling and Internet gambling are the crack cocaine of creating new addicted gamblers and opening up vast new areas of----    Mr. Kindt. I am troubled by lotteries, but I am more troubled by the sports gambling.    Mr. Kindt. I would concur with that, that it doesn't carry the force of law. It is simply an interpretation. It could be read differently by another attorney general.    Mr. Kindt. Let me address that, if I may, Representative. Going back to Illinois, which was one of the first states to legalize the lottery, allegedly to help education, we were one of the first states to get riverboat gambling, then land-based casinos. We are now putting video lottery terminals everywhere throughout the state, at convenience stops, at very low tax rates. They are not being taxed the way other states are being taxed. And the reason is because, as I indicated in my testimony, gambling lobbyists are virtually dictating economic policy in the State of Illinois, and this has had a terrible effect. I put this in Law Review articles 20 years ago, when we were discussing this at the Illinois legislature and looking at what this was going to cause.    I would also indicate that I happen to chair the Faculty and Staff Benefits Committee at the University of Illinois. We are seeing widespread reduction on tax on our pensions, on education, on social services, and a very large component of that is the gambling issue, not just the lotteries but beyond the lotteries, of the money that is being misdirected to gambling interests.    Mr. Kindt. If I might add, we have done studies throughout the years, over the last 20 years, that show that the social and economic costs to the state are at least three dollars or more for every one dollar in tax revenues coming into the lottery and other gambling taxation.    So it is a slow descent, and as I said, in Illinois we are facing $111 billion in unfunded liabilities plus the same type of budget deficit that you are talking about in Louisiana, and a large part of that is because of this gambling.