    Mr. Latta. Well, thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thanks for conducting today's hearing, and to our panel thanks very much for your testimony today. It's very enlightening.    If I could just start maybe between Mr. Henry and Mr. McAvoy to ask you some questions about the brick industry in general. Are bricks made all over the country? Are they regionalized? Where are most bricks being made at today?    Mr. Latta. Where are the bricks being made at today? Is it regional or all over?    Mr. Latta. The next question I have is because bricks aren't light. They are pretty heavy. So I was just thinking on the transportation costs, we are looking on the transportation, how far you have to get to transport those bricks. And the question on the transportation costs, of course, when you look at the weight and the costs there, when you are having these costs being associated with the EPA coming down on you, you are going to have to pass those costs on. I would assume you are doing that.    So Mr. McAvoy, you are shaking your head. If you would like to comment on that.    Mr. Latta. Well, again, when you are looking at, absorbing by you because, with the--I am not sure exactly what your margins are.    But you are going to have to somehow get that cost down to the--on the construction industry but then that is going to be cost passed on to the owner, then. It's going to be that homeowner out there that wants to build a new house that's going to have to pay more cost for the brick. Or if you are a hardworking American out there that wants to build a new factory or plant or some type of business that they are going to be using some type of brick product that is going to have to be added into that cost, I would assume.    So just in general if you could give me an idea of maybe over like the last since these regulations have come on which you have seen that you might see an average cost of a brick going up that would be passed on then to the ultimate consumer of that brick.    Mr. Latta. Or just an approximate, if you can do that.    Mr. Latta. Right. Let me ask this, Mr. Henry, if I could. The EPA estimates that this rule would have an annual cost in the neighborhood of $25 million while the Chamber of Commerce report cites industry estimates as high as $100 million.    Would you like to comment on that difference between--if you have any knowledge on that from the EPA estimate of $25 million to the Chamber estimating at $100 million, how--we are talking $75 million. That's quite a bit of difference there.    Mr. Latta. Mr. McAvoy?    Mr. Latta. Where does the EPA get their data from that they are coming up with that estimate of $25 million?    Mr. Latta. OK. Mr. Brisini, if I could ask you a quick question with my last 35 seconds. I'll try to be better than the gentleman from Illinois with only four seconds.    Are coal refuse-to-energy facilities typically located in smaller communities? Are these coal refuse-to-energy facilities typically located in a smaller community or a larger community?    Mr. Latta. Thank you very much.    Mr. Chairman, I see my time has expired and I yield back.