    Ms. Jackson Lee. Mr. Chairman, thank you for your kindness. It is much appreciated--along with the ranking member, thank you so very much.    I chair the Congressional Pakistan Caucus with my colleague and have done so for more than a decade. So thank you very much for your presence here. I am going to go pointedly to a question dealing with an American doctor of some years back. In 2014, Dr. Mehdi Ali Qamar, out of Chicago I believe, who came on a mission to serve, and, of course, he had a different religious background, Ahmadiyya. And I am just wondering did we ever solve his killing? And was there any response to that very tragic incident? From Chicago, I believe.    Ms. Jackson Lee. Thank you so very much.    Ms. Jackson Lee. So let me just follow up. You just made a key area. I happen to think it is an important issue. And I am just wondering how are we pursuing this whole issue of religious tolerance?    Ms. Jackson Lee. Let me thank you. And, first of all, let me say it is very good to see you. And thank you for your service both in Afghanistan and Pakistan. I am probably going to focus on Pakistan and then maybe a slight question within the timeframe that I have left. I know that you have answered the question about Dr. Afridi and his status. When President Sharif was here, I questioned him. It seems as if he was trying to suggest that there are other issues. Do you have any update? You may have given it already in other testimony. But if I can get that quickly.    And let me just follow up with my other question which is when the Prime Minister was here, there was certainly an impression given--Pakistan--that he was attempting to continue to build on democratic principles, focus on economic development, education, issues that we would be concerned about and, certainly, existence, if you will, with India. And so I am wondering what your assessment is. But if you would start with the status of the doctor.    And then, lastly, if you could give me just a little bit about Afghanistan, I am concerned in terms of whether or not the frontier land or the areas are even embraced by the central government and whether or not we actually have a functioning, tranquil, growing government in Afghanistan.    Ms. Jackson Lee. And you see no other accounts or charges, which has been represented to me that there are some other charges, you see no reason for him to continue to be incarcerated?    Ms. Jackson Lee. And you continue at the United Nations level and other levels to be able to secure his release?    Ms. Jackson Lee. And the other questions?    Ms. Jackson Lee. If the chairman would be kind enough, if you could just, under Prime Minister Sharif, who came to the United States, do you see the country moving toward more democratic principles, economic development? You are in and out of the country; do we have a line or a measuring stick that moves Pakistan with all of its population, all of its desire for education, to a level where you are empowering the many young people that are there in the country?    Ms. Jackson Lee. Thank you for your service.    And thank you very much, Mr. Chairman and Ranking Member, for your courtesies. I yield back.