    Mr. McCaul. I would like thank Chairman Katko and Ranking Member Rice for holding this important hearing.    Recent reports about the TSA screening, in my view, are deeply disturbing and call into question some of the post-9/11 security measures we have worked hard to put in place. Yet 14 years after that horrible day, Islamist terrorists are still plotting daily to kill Americans. Lately, the threat picture has gotten worse.    Our aviation sector is of particular interest to the terrorists. They think that by taking down airplanes, they can bring down our economy. Last week we reportedly hit al-Qaeda's No. 2 in a drone strike in Yemen, where the terror group has been focused for years on developing bombs to plant on airplanes. It was an important counterterrorism victory. But it won't stop terrorists from aiming their sights at our skies.    As we stare down these threats, Congress and the American people need confidence in our defenses. Terrorists have to be right only once. To defend ourselves, we have to be right 100 percent of the time. Millions of travelers pass through our Nation's airports every year. We need to know that the systems in place will protect them. But in recent weeks, TSA has given us more concern than confidence.    Reports about TSA's performance have alarmed the American people and raised fears that bombs could pass through airport passenger screening and terrorists might slip through TSA's employee vetting. We need to get to the bottom of these claims and do everything possible to deny terrorists an opportunity to exploit our defenses.    Next month, I plan to hold a hearing on aviation security with the new TSA administrator once he is confirmed. I want him to outline his vision for TSA and give us answers on how he will close any identified vulnerabilities. This will not be easy. But in order to win the confidence of the American people, TSA needs a good wire brushing and strong leadership.    We cannot become complacent about the threat. We can and must improve our screening capabilities. We need aviation workers who are thoroughly vetted. As the first step to tackle these challenges, I am co-sponsoring H.R. 2750, the Improved Security Vetting for Aviation Workers Act, introduced by Chairman Katko, which codifies the inspector general's six recommendations to ensure there are no loopholes in the security background checks for aviation workers.    I also strongly support H.R. 2770, the Keeping Our Travelers Safe and Secure Act, introduced by Ranking Member Rice, which would close additional screening gaps and strengthen our aviation security. I want to thank the DHS Inspector General Roth for his leadership and strong oversight at TSA and DHS in bringing these vulnerabilities to our attention. I also want to thank the TSA and GAO witnesses here. I hope they are committed to changing the agency's direction and restoring the trust of the American people.    When I heard that 73 airport workers had ties to terrorism, when I got that news, well, first of all, I couldn't believe it, and I want additional briefings on these ties to terrorism, but that is totally unacceptable 14 years after 9/11. I think the American people deserve better. When we see, you know, the grandma, the veteran, the Active-Duty service, the children being patted down at these airports and water bottles being taken out of luggage and all this going on. Yet, 96 percent of the stuff gets through. We can't talk about what it is because it is Classified. But 96, that is a 4 percent success rate.    The American people deserve better. They deserve to feel safe when they travel on airplanes. With that, Mr. Chairman, I yield back.