    Mr. Walberg. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And thank you for the hearings of the past couple days.    And as I have contemplated what we have heard from the three panels thus far on FOIA in the last 2 days, you know, I am just absolutely convinced that FOIA really isn't the problem; it is just an evidence, an outcome of the problem. The increasing size of government and the control of government is the problem.    I mean, it is an absolute fact that we have amongst the highest paid bureaucrats administering these programs and others in government anywhere in the world. We have the highest technology, at least amongst the highest technology, of anyplace in the world to administer our bureaucracy. We have the largest number of bureaucrats in the world to administer our bureaucracy.    And with the size of government like this, why would we expect anything other than a huge, huge number of FOIA requests coming from an increasing number of American citizens who feel under attack from their own government? They are regulated, they are taxed, they are supervised, they are overseen almost more than any other free country in the world.    So I look at our panel of witnesses, and I say, how in the world can you be expected to do your job in a way that satisfies not only Congress but the people of the United States? They are going to ask more because they don't trust us. They are tired of being overrun.    I will get to my questions.    Also, with all due respect, if dollars, more dollars, were the answer, then the war on poverty, the war on hunger, the war on pollution, the war on crime, the war on many other things would be ended. By the way, Fast and Furious, Benghazi, IRS-gate would be taken care of. We would know the answers. Attorney General Holder--former Attorney General Holder wouldn't have been held in contempt of Congress. Lois Lerner wouldn't have been held in contempt.    FOIA isn't the main problem. Liberty demands transparency from a limited government to succeed. And we are not succeeding in addressing the concerns of our people. Government has grown, and, thus, it is increasingly mistrusted and it will be mistrusted from all sides of the aisle, politically speaking.    And so, Mr. Chairman, I again thank you for these hearings. It just makes it clearer and clearer why we are in the battle with the budget to reduce government to the size that liberty can expand and not government.    Ms. Neuman, DHS has the largest backlog of any Federal agency. How does the duplicative process of requests contribute to--processing of requests contribute to backlog? And I refer specifically to the relationship between USCIS and ICE.    Mr. Walberg. Will the two agencies be put back together under the arrangement that was in place before 2012, where they weren't duplicating?    Mr. Walberg. Whose decision is it?    Mr. Walberg. But I don't understand that that is our responsibility. It worked before 2012; at least they worked in that nonduplicative arrangement. Why can't it be put back in there? Who is responsible? And it's not Congress.    Mr. Walberg. So the answer is you're not going to do anything to put the two component parts back together to stop duplication.    Mr. Walberg. Mr. Chairman, my time has expired, and I didn't get the answer. Or I guess I did.