    Mr. Guthrie. Hello, Mr. Secretary, and I agree that the way you write the law and you implement and execute the law is what our Founding Fathers intended. However, it is our responsibility not just to write the law and let it go, it is to have oversight to make sure you are complying with the intent and the language of the law. So a couple of things.    One, today my commissioner from Kentucky is going to be here to speak to us and one of the things I know he has concerns with and others have concerns with is about the expedited timeline required in your proposal. The ESSA says No Child Left Behind's accountability provision officially end on August the 1st of this year and in the statute it says that new accountability systems will begin with the 2017-2018 academic year. And it is clear that Congress intended for 2016-2017 to be a transition year to allow States to develop their accountability systems, yet your proposal effectively requires accountability systems to be developed and implemented 2016-2017, in this academic year. And I asked you about this transition when you were before us in February and you answered, and I quote, ``As we move into the 2017-2018 school year, States will be well positioned to move forward on their new plans.''    And I interpreted your answer as meaning you understood congressional intent that accountability systems would become active at the beginning of the school year. The initial identification of schools would come at the end of the school year based on those new systems. Unfortunately, what you propose seems to contradict the statute and will short circuit the important consultation process taking place at the State and local level.    Can you make a commitment to us to revise this proposal in the final rule to align the requirement with congressional intent and ensure that parents and educators have the opportunity to fully engage in the policymaking process?    Mr. Guthrie. My commissioner will be here this afternoon testifying. I am sure you will have people here to hear feedback and continue the dialogue.    One thing on the ``n'' size and I understand that there is information prescribed by law that needs to be provided, the disaggregation of data, we want to make sure that groups are followed and we understand the statistics.    I understand that, but the statute allows the State to pick that ``n'' size and this says as long as they meet the criteria, you cannot prescribe the ``n'' size. It is pretty clear on that and that is something that we debated and talked about and we will not--I know you talked about one of my colleagues about the information. We want you to have that information because we voted to put into law that the country gets that information.    We also voted to say that we want the States to determine what that end size is and if they do not do it correctly then you have some opportunity to do so, but it seems like you are prescribing an end size of 30 up front, which I am not sure where the statutory authority for that is.    Mr. Guthrie. Do you give them deference if they have--    Mr. Guthrie. Maybe I misread that, but 30 was the default unless there was some--it did not seem like the States were able to--and you are right, if the States set an end size that did not comply with the rest of the law, there is something that we need to address because we want that information as well. That is why we voted to support the law and negotiation.    I only have 10 seconds left, so I will yield back. Thanks for coming today.    Mr. Guthrie. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I appreciate it. Today I am going to introduce the Kentucky Commissioner of Education, Steven Pruitt, as a witness for today's hearing. In September of 2015, the Kentucky Board of Education unanimously voted to hire Steven L. Pruitt as Kentucky's sixth Commissioner Of Education.    Commissioner Pruitt came to Kentucky with extensive background in standard assessment accountability. He started as a high school chemistry teacher in Fayetteville, in Tyrone, Georgia, and later served as a science and math program manager and director of academic standards with the Georgia Department of Education, and he was associate State superintendent for assessment accountability.    Most recently, Commissioner Pruitt served as a senior vice president for ACHIEVE, a national nonpartisan, nonprofit education reform organization based in Washington. He is a native of Georgia, but he is a proud Kentuckian. And Commissioner Pruitt holds a bachelor's degree in chemistry from North Georgia College, a master's in science from West Georgia, and a doctorate from Albany University.    I think he is sitting next to an Alabama Crimson Tide graduate so we will see how that works. Commissioner Pruitt and his wife are parents of two children and their son attends University of Colorado and their daughter is a high school senior attending public schools in Kentucky. And welcome to Washington, thank you.    Mr. Guthrie. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, I appreciate it, and thank you all for being here. First of all, let me point out that when we are talking about and discussing this, the three people that have concerns with the rule are practitioners and public education.    They are not a think tank, they are not policy in the high-level policy. People who want children to learn, they want to make the public school system learn. And we can talk about other stuff later, but public schools, investment in the public school system, and those are where the concerns are coming from. So I just wanted to point that out.    And like the N equals 30 discussion where the Secretary said if we cannot accomplish all these things the law requires when the law allows you to set your own number, but if we do not send it from Washington, they will not be able to comply with everything else, and it assumes you guys do not know what you are doing and that is really frustrating because it assumes that a few smart people in a room in Washington, D.C., figured it out and it works for everybody.    The next example is trying to find the bottom 5 percent. The Secretary said you could not do it without a summative rating. That is what he said earlier and you are saying I have got committees of people across our great Commonwealth trying to figure out how to set up a rating system that gives you what you need according to the law, but also gives you what you need to make sure that kids learn better. And I think that is the beauty of our country and what you guys are doing is taking your ideas and bringing them up. And that is exactly what we tried to do in a bipartisan way, and my friend just said that she fought for certain parts to be in there.    This was really a collaborative effort and we are afraid that the rules are coming down and taking away what we wanted to have is you guys to have your input in. So one thing that kind of struck because you kind of answered some of my questions I was going to ask is that you said that under the old system and new system, because of the year, you had one that was top 5 percent and in the new system it would say bottom 5 percent or how does that work--I mean how do two systems generate such different results? What are the details of that?    Mr. Guthrie. When you went across our Commonwealth and had town hall meetings, tell me about that process, and people showed up for those town hall meetings, practitioners, parents concerned. It was really well attended and well promoted and you did a really good job with it, so talk about that process. And then what happens when you have a system that the people just do not trust?    Mr. Guthrie. So what did you learn> What have you learned from that you have implemented or tried to bring in to--    Mr. Guthrie. And like I said, when you have all these town halls of people out there, I may think I--personally I say how can you rate a school if you do not have a summative rating? But you may come with ideas and say, wow, I never thought of that. And that is the beauty of what this law is trying to do. So we have people who really care about what they are doing, passionately about what they are doing, and trying to be innovative and it helps everybody.    Mr. Chairman, I just ran out of time. I yield back.