    Mr. Butterfield. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman. And I apologize for being in and out of the room. But the developments this morning regarding the Speaker's impending resignation has just caused a lot of telephone traffic in my office both from the media and from constituents. And so I have been back and forth.    But, Mr. Chairman, one of the laudable goals of the VIN look-up registration legislation is to enable manufacturers to reach more owners of recalled vehicles so that more vehicles will get repaired. And so I would like to focus my questions today on the rental car safety bill that I introduced with the support of Ranking Member Schakowsky and Congresswoman Capps, H.R. 2198. Companion legislation passed the Senate with bipartisan support as part of the Senate's highway bill.    The legislation will help maximize the number of recalled cars that get fixed. That bill is the Raechel and Jacqueline Houck Safe Rental Car Act, which is supported by the rental car industry. Yes, it is. Consumer organizations, General Motors, Honda, and others. That is very impressive. It would ensure that rental car companies fix recalled vehicles in their fleets before, before renting or selling them. And so to you, Mr. Wallace, what is the Consumers Union's position on 2198 if you all have one?    Mr. Butterfield. Would it be correct to say that this legislation is critical and it is important?    Mr. Butterfield. All right. And to you, Mr. Karr, does your organization support 2198?    Mr. Butterfield. Can you quantify this for me? What percentage of recalled vehicles are subject to a do not drive warning?    Mr. Butterfield. That is what we have been informed, yes. Are there any Federal safety standards that dictate when manufacturers must issue the do not drive warning?    Mr. Butterfield. Thank you. I am standing between my colleagues and votes on the floor.    Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous consent that two letters be submitted for the record, one from LKQ Corporation and the other from the American Car Rental Association and others.    Mr. Butterfield. In addition, Ms. Schakowsky, as she was leaving, asked that I present for the record a statement from the American Association of Motor Vehicle Administrators. I ask unanimous consent.    Mr. Butterfield. Thank you. I yield back.