    Mr. Kamen. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and I think everybody here knows we are not here to talk about whether there will be disruptive change in the grid, but how it is going to happen and hopefully how to make it happen in the best possible way.    Though we are here to talk about energy, I am a technology guy and I thought a very quick review, and it will be a very quick review, of a few other industries that were dramatically transformed at the intersection of new technologies that were properly embraced to take over from old systems that suddenly seemed inefficient and terrible. So as an example, I will give you computing. We all grew up, I think, with big computers that sat some place and, you know, the average kid today doesn't know about what Mr. Watson and his company were about, they have tablets and cell phones, and they changed an industry and they wiped out an old infrastructure. There were interestingly three major infrastructures that were built in the 1880s--were established in the 1880s; photography, communications, and energy.    So quickly, looking at this one, Alexander Bell in the 1880s decided we can let everybody talk to everybody, all you needed was a wire from your ear to anybody else's ear. And it took about 100 years to build up that massive infrastructure. Then the technology came along, and that was really neat. Most kids don't know that a house has a phone. You have a phone. And technology like wireless and cellular and fiber optics have just transformed the communication industry, I think we would all agree, for the better.    Photograph, again, in the 1880s it was a wonderful thing. We all remember our Kodak moments. We remember we could get that stuff to actually develop in only one day. You ask the average kid for a selfie today, they don't know what film is, and the Kodak moment is--Kodak is history, it is a memory. So it is because technologies came along that were just breathtakingly better.    What about energy. That is what we are here to talk about. Well, in the 1880s there was this guy Edison and Tesla, and they gave us big centralized plans, like Ma Bell, photography, what do we know about that great model that we have already heard is from virtually everybody out there and the first speaker, it is 150-year-old architecture. What do we know about it? Is it ready for disruption? Well, it is old, it is inefficient, it is unreliable, it is expensive, and it is dirty.    Quick facts about what the grid is today. We have about 1 terawatt, 1,000 gigawatts, of production capacity at an average of $1 a watt to produce that. That is $1 trillion in generation assets. Well, more than 50 percent of that stuff is 30 years old, and if you only replace the stuff that is that old at $1 a watt, it is $500 billion. Once you make that energy, you have to move it. And you just heard, at high voltage, transmission lines, they cost about $1 million a mile, and oops, sometimes they are not quite what we would like them to be. And 70 percent of those things are 25 years old or more, and there are 280,000 miles of that high voltage stuff, so if you replace the really old stuff, it is another $200 billion. Then you have the low voltage stuff in all your neighborhoods. Wires hanging on wooden poles. What could possibly go wrong? So those things are a real deal, they are only $140,000 a mile, and there are 2.2 million miles of that stuff and 50 percent of that is at least 30 years old. And if you just replace the stuff that old, it is another $150 billion. And then, of course, you have the annual capital cost of that infrastructure. Now, that is $90 billion is what we are spending in this country right now to keep that architecture operating, and we have all heard how critical it is, but by the way, that $90 billion, that is not one drop of oil or one pound of coal, that is just to keep that system up.    So is there a better, more efficient way to do to this industry what has happened to communications, for instance? I think so. Everybody loves solar panels, and I think you will hear from this whole panel, between solar panels, battery technology, wind technology, controls technology, megawatts, all of these things are going to change. The question is how do we catalyze them to work together instead of frustrate each other, both technically and in a regulatory environment.    Well, everybody I know loves solar panels. Very few people I know have put up enough solar panels that they have disconnected themselves from that grid that we all complain about. It is our lifeline. So how do you catalyze more people to do this? Well, the more you put those up without doing something else, you are actually hurting the grid because they add instability, unless you add good technology, and they lower the amount of power coming through the grid, but the models by which the grids are funded is by selling electricity. The more of this stuff you put up, it is a competitive perverse alternative to the grid. You have to do something that can catalyze this stuff to happen in a way that helps everybody, including the people supplying the power. So we said, why don't we make an appliance, like all the other appliances in a house, that might help. This appliance makes 10,000 watts of electricity. We call--it is a sterling thermal technology. It is about as quiet literally as your hot water heater or your furnace, and the ones that we have made now 20 of, and placed them with a great visionary partner, David Crane, the chairman of NRG, have already produced 300 million watt hours of power directly where it is needed in places where we can also use the waste heat because after all, it brings the same fuel as your hot water heater. 100 million of those things could produce as much power as the whole grid. I don't think we need to go that far, but is 100 million a lot? No. Americans have 140 million appliances bigger than this. Much more relevant, they have 117 million hot water heaters and 182 million furnaces, together that is 200 million appliances that use exactly the same infrastructure as us, except we will make your electricity and your heat. Where else could you put these things? This is why I think it can work to make the grid a great new future. Don't put them in the houses, put them out on those transformer pads. By the way, there were 40 million of those transformer pads sitting there now between the grid at that last stop and the user, and it is close enough to the user that we can still recover the heat, so we said put them out there, you lower the installation cost, you will make them easier to service, you will get higher efficiency, higher reliability, because houses can share them. Neighborhoods can start putting these things in under an intelligent control plan, and as you put a bunch of them near a set of houses, you don't need another one of those wooden poles with the wires draped through your trees. You put enough of those neighborhoods together, you don't need that substation. Over the next few years you, in a controlled way, get rid of enough substations, you start eliminating transmission lines, and finally you eliminate the power plants that aren't the efficient ones, and then America has a bright future.    Mr. Kamen. Well, as I said, new technologies bring new opportunities. They also sometimes bring problems, especially to stranded infrastructure. And I am not a policy guy, but as I said, there are some perverse incentives out there. From a practical point of view, if the entire system that has ran for 150 years premised on the generating company only making money by selling more power, there is not an encouragement to save. If they have to run it through a whole system that they already own, and somebody puts a solar panel at the other end, instead of supporting the overall system, it hurts the guys that are losing some of that. But from a technology point of view, there is a subtlety that I don't think maybe the regulators understand as well as the technology people which is, those big power plants are very good at producing a constant amount of power. It takes, in many cases, hours and hours and hours to bring those big boilers up. When you start putting transient capability online without enough battery, for instance, or other kinds of new technologies, what happens when that cloud goes by and suddenly a couple of hundred megawatts that was there goes away, or when that wind stops, you are asking that big tired grid that you were trying to avoid paying their bill an hour ago, suddenly you are desperate for more power. They have a tougher time reacting and keeping a stable grid with these other systems online than they had before, and they are making less money.    In the case of Germany, the instability from a pure technology point of view, not an economic or financial point of view, but the instability induced in their large systems by all these new transient systems is making life difficult from a technology----    Mr. Kamen . Point of view, therefore, making a reliability issue and a security issue. And I think we should avoid that in this country.    Mr. Kamen. So one of the things I particularly think should be attractive about it, again, as I said before, almost all of the systems out there are presented, some--it is true, some it is by perception, as a somebody wins, somebody loses alternative, as we move forward.    I think if you can make, for instance, these generators, which is what they are, that use the--a lot of the infrastructure, for instance, the largest buried infrastructure in the country that we don't need $100 million a mile for is natural gas, and many, many buildings have buried tanks with oil, propane. If our device could be moved so close to where it is needed, but still on the energy producer's side of that equation, still just outside the meter, then the energy producers could have millions of these small devices that they own and operate, because most buildings and, certainly, grandma doesn't want to become her own utility company because she has a solar panel, but if the utility companies and energy providers could compete with each other to have small units that are so close to the loads, they still get the full advantage of being a supplier of energy with just millions of little plants, but they get to avoid needing those transmission lines, distribution lines, substations, et cetera, that everybody is talking about being expensive, unreliable, and subject to issues.    Mr. Kamen. First of all, thanks for the plug for FIRST. You are all invited to our----    Mr. Kamen. Well, we have events in every congressional district. Schools from every district. I hope all of you will get involved, but thank you for that. And also thank you for asking because, honestly, we did not start building a small power generation systems for the U.S. After all is said and done, we still have a world class energy system. We have heard about that. I am a member of the National Academies. We did determine a few years ago it was one of the great achievements of the last century.    I started building these small boxes because there are 2 billion people around the world that have never used electricity. And I made a box of a similar size that would make clean water without a lot of other stuff. It didn't need filters or membranes or chemicals, but it needs a little electricity to run. And I thought the two most basic human needs around the world, water and power, ought to be available to everybody, and the rest of the world they are going to skip over ever building a power grid, just the way they skipped over landlines for cell phones--for phones, and now most of the developing world has this productivity called a cell phone, but they don't have a grid. Our little boxes can operate remotely to make true microgrids, and in fact, we ran two villages in Bangladesh for 6 months off two of these boxes, and the only fuel that went into them was the methane coming off a pit full of cow dung. If we bring these things into production here, the U.S. could start supplying electricity to a couple of billion friends around the world.    Mr. Kamen. Well, I think if you include all the energy producers and the people that handle transmission, distribution and retail, and included them in making these transitions to modern, clean, efficient technologies, first of all, a lot of people in the public don't want to own and operate their own photovoltaic farms, et cetera. They are used to having somebody from whom they get a bill once a month and they have reliable power. So if you could make small distributed generators, but make them compatible, for instance, with solar panels, and as you have heard, the technology to make instant power electronically is pretty good, but the big old plants can't respond as quickly when suddenly there is a cloud or the wind dies, but if those utility companies had access to distributed, very quick response ways to make energy so if the wind went away, if the cloud came by, if those batteries, even those great batteries go down a little, if those utilities and those energy suppliers are part of an integrated--that could say I am going to put clean, efficient, small, new stuff out there, it still helps them as the old guard get rid of some of their problems with these aging systems, right back to those big plants, those old transmission lines, those unreliable distribution, the switch gears, the transmission that the substations that we are hearing about being a problem during Sandy. So I think creating a piece of technology that could be put behind the meter, could be put in front of the meter, but giving all of the stakeholders the capability to find competitive ways to optimize producing energy, doing it cleanly, doing it effectively, everybody wins.    Mr. Kamen. First of all, thanks for being an engineer in Congress.    Mr. Kamen. Secondly, I would continue, you know, in our FIRST competitions we call it coopertition. We believe that if you apply technologies properly, everybody can win as they compete because the public gets the best that way. And I think what you have heard from everybody is the grid is getting older, it is getting, for various reasons, the environment, terrorism, cyber attacks, and it is more fragile, and you are hearing a lot of people adding a lot of new technologies, but I would think where there is a consensus should be that you have to get all the people that provide the net result to the public, as you point out, working together so that you don't create an if-I-win-you-lose situation. And the energy providers, the transmission or the generation--for instance, our partner for our little box is a major generator, NRG, yet they are now becoming one of the biggest suppliers of solar panels, and working with us on these small distributed boxes. In one perverse way, you could say they are undermining their core business, but, you know, like they always say, the railroads went away because they thought they were in the train business, not the transportation business.    And to your point, the public doesn't care about CDMA and TDMA and Time Division--they care about a cell phone being more convenience than a landline. So the public--if the public could have a simple appliance put into their home that already used infrastructure that we have great confidence in, because it is buried under the ground, like gas lines, like their oil, like their propane, and it could be made to work in parallel with solar and wind and the grid, because it sits at the intersection of all those things, somebody with an appliance like that would say, my costs went down because the waste heat from this thing is now my water system and my furnace, and I have more security and reliability because it is distributed, it is sort of like getting a back-up generator free, the people that run the grid and all the other systems win with it because it deals with transient problems, it is compatible with solar panels, it is compatible with batteries, it is compatible with the big producers.    Mr. Kamen. Yes.    Mr. Kamen. Well, as I said before, the actual stimulus to make our little box was for the parts of the world that have no grid at all----    Mr. Kamen . Because it is very compatible with microgrids and can be networked, especially when you put smart technology around to connect them, and you make them compatible with solar, so you reduce your fuel needs, which could be hog waste or other things, but I think the more you have an unstructured area that doesn't have a big grid already in place, transmission, distribution, substations, the more the 21st century is going to start from the other end of this equation and start integrating local solar, local wind----    Mr. Kamen . But you need a system to make sure it is there all the time. And so since most places have some sources of fuel, natural gas or propane or----    Mr. Kamen . Number two, and, you know, we build a technology that is agnostic to that, if you have a hot water heater or a furnace, well you have--you can make electricity. So I think, again, it is also a piece of hardware that the competitive environment will say any forward-thinking utility or energy generator, or transmission company or any other provider would say it is compatible with what they are doing, and it should be made part of the equation for the future.    Mr. Kamen. So with the caveat that I think thermodynamics is way easier than Government, way easier, I----    Mr. Kamen . I would give you an example from my practical life experience. I spent 30 years building medical equipment. We built some very advanced medical equipment, life support equipment, and as tough as the standard is to get an FDA approval, once you get it, you have it, and every hospital, whether it is Harvard or UCLA or--you know what the standard is, you build stuff, it gets approved and you are done.    We just built 20 of these model systems that our partner, NRG, has put around the country, but pretty much not only every State but almost every city and every town has a different set of rules about how you put these in, what you are required to do, and how do you make them become legally part of the grid. I think if there was some standard that the feds could put out so what the FDA does for medical products, if you guys could do for energy products, you could encourage innovators to start making stuff because they know what they have to do----    Mr. Kamen . They know if they did it, it could be used everywhere.    Mr. Kamen. I think that, you know, like with a used car, you reach a point where it is cheaper to buy a new one than to keep fixing the old one. I think if you could----    Mr. Kamen. OK. Agreed. I have a 1913 Model T and it is not for sale.    Mr. Kamen. I would tell you if the proper incentives were put before the people that produce the energy, transmit the energy, distribute the energy, supply it to the end user, if they had a clean piece of paper and could invest their money in alternatives to just fixing these things that are, as you have heard, more--when it is a big central power plant, cybersecurity is a real issue. There are only a few of them to take down, you heard that there are only a few plants that are hub and spoke, it is very hard to make them self-healing. If you could have thousands and thousands of small, locally operated and controlled units that, by the way, when there are thousands or for--hundreds of thousands of them, you can put them so close to where you need the electricity that you can also take their waste heat, because all of these systems make mostly waste heat of whatever energy they burn, but you can't transmit heat very far, but if you made lots of small distributed plants, you would sort of get as a bonus, you could use the waste heat in most places so it is no longer waste, it is what people need for their furnace, not water, you would be much safer against anybody taking one system down. It might require more sophisticated controls and interaction, but as we have heard, that is becoming easier and easier. So if you could create a system instead of taking these very, very old systems, which they sort of have no other choice but to keep them up and operating, and allow them to transition to a new alternative technology, they would do better.    Mr. Kamen. From my understanding, when I have talked to people that do generation, that do transmission, it is a--it boggles my mind, as I--I wasn't kidding when I said thermodynamics and engineering is easier than regulation, I have heard CEOs of major energy-related companies say I am not allowed to do transmission, I generate, or I am not allowed to generate, I do transmission. I can't put your box somewhere there. And I get a headache thinking, I think I just spoke to my power company who said I can do this but not do that. Well, my lights only come on when all of that stuff is done.    Mr. Kamen. Sadly, I think again, the thermodynamics limits this kind of technology from getting very, very big, but it can get pretty small. We built a few small ones for DARPA a number of years ago that a man could carry around base, and run it on any liquid fuel. The ones that we build now at NRG produce 10 kilowatts, that is enough for a small neighborhood of houses or a small business----    Mr. Kamen . The size of a typical home appliance. I----    Mr. Kamen. OK. The average American home consumes less than 2 kilowatts. So a 10 kilowatt unit, and I would probably put a cluster of three or four of them on a pad, and then they, at that last pad at the bottom of what used to come from all those things we have been talking about, distribution, switch--half--let us say four of these on a pad would handle your neighborhood and would have the advantage that if one of them went down, with the redundancy, you have the other three would keep everybody happy, and at their convenience, somebody would fix the one that went down.    Mr. Kamen. The big advantage we have is, of course, we run on any fuel, and typically your neighborhood has buried lines in it that are bringing natural gas. You probably have buried tanks with heating oil or propane. Those things are way less susceptible to problems than wires running through all the trees that get taken down by ice or wind or hurricanes, and these boxes then are so close to where you need them that the rest of the system going down hundreds of miles away isn't going to affect you, and again, they are so close to your loads that you can also take their ``waste heat'' and turn it into your heat and hot water. It is no longer waste.    Mr. Kamen. Or gaseous. We right now run on natural gas, propane, diesel fuel, gasoline. The device is actually running on something that looks like a burner in your hot water heater, which is why it doesn't make lots of noise. An engine, diesel cycle, Rankine cycle, auto cycle, typical--an engine has a very specific kind of fuel because it touches every part of the inside of your engine. It gets atomized, a spark comes in, compression come--an engine typically has a very, very selective appetite for fuel, but your hot water heater will keep water hot if there is a flame under it, and it doesn't really care what the fuel is. We are running a system that looks much more similar to your hot water heater, but we turn some of that energy into electricity instead of heat.    Mr. Kamen. Absolutely.    Mr. Kamen. Absolutely. When we were asked to fire these little ones up for the Department of Defense, the original deal they said was you have to be able to switch from one fuel to another with only a 2-hour cool down, shutdown and refit it. We said to them we don't need 2 hours, we will add a little gasoline to the diesel fuel, throw in a little beer and let it keep running, and we never even shut the engines off as we changed fuel.