    Ms. VELAZQUEZ. Good morning. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank you for having this meeting. Welcome, Ms. Olson.    The sharing economy is based on a model in which individuals are able to borrow or rent assets owned by someone else. The number of companies employing the sharing economy platform has grown significantly over the past decade. Yet despite the popularity and success of these companies, the sharing economy presents unique legal challenges. As we learned on Tuesday, the most hotly contested challenge posted by the sharing economy is the issue of worker misclassification. This issue arises when companies incorrectly classify their workers as independent contractors instead of employees.    By classifying workers as independent contractors, companies do not have to provide the benefits that are legally required with employee status, which can greatly reduce their costs. As such, the legal classification of workers in the sharing economy has significant implications for workers, companies, and their consumers. While no one can agree on the proper label for these workers, a fact of the matter is that these businesses rely on these workers no matter how they are classified. And without workers, there is no business.    We heard from private sector witnesses during our previous hearing about the benefits and challenges of the sharing economy business model. We even learned how the law is unclear, making it more difficult for small businesses to comply and harder for workers to understand their rights. Furthermore, this issue harms the nation's budget in lost tax revenue.    We have already had a crackdown on worker misclassification by both the Treasury and the Department of Labor. However, the sharing economy remains an aberration in this concern because no one is quite sure how to apply the law. This committee is tasked with assisting small businesses, especially when there is no bright line test for compliance. However, we must also ensure workers are being treated fairly.    Today, we are privileged to have the National Taxpayer Advocate to help us better understand the complexity surrounding this area of the law. It is important for this committee to fully comprehend what is the sharing economy so that we can work towards implementing clear change that is easy to understand for those small businesses that are operating in the sharing economy.    I would like to add, Ms. Olson, that maybe in your testimony or later on, tell us how you see the IRS to be more effective in order to do their job. Because here in Congress, we love to vilify institutions and government, and if we cannot dismantle the agency, then we cut the budget. When you cut the budget, there are real consequences. As people in Chicago try to take a flight and miss the flight because of the long lines, we know that budget and budgetary constraints have consequences.    Thank you. I yield back.    Ms. VELAZQUEZ. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. Olson, since 2010, the budget of the IRS has been cut by 18 percent and as I mentioned before, this has consequences. When you call in and you are a small business person who wants an answer, you want to get the answer right there, but instead we have an automatic system in place. I do not want to discuss the budget here. What I want to know is if the IRS has performed outreach to small businesses on this complex topic.    Ms. VELAZQUEZ. That was in 2004, right?    Ms. VELAZQUEZ. You can imagine now.    Ms. VELAZQUEZ. Since 2010, the budget has been cut by 18 percent.    Ms. Olson, the common law 20-factor test to determine proper classification is complex, subjective, and does not always produce clear answers. The potential for errors and abuse is high and does not always produce the same results. Does the IRS provide examples to small businesses as an attempt to help employers define workers?    Ms. VELAZQUEZ. They could administratively----    Ms. VELAZQUEZ. Thank you.    Ms. VELAZQUEZ. Many of the new economy entrepreneurs have had difficulty operating their businesses in a regulatory scheme that was formed for traditional brick-and-mortar businesses. With the changing environment in which companies conduct daily business, how can we adapt existing laws and regulations to make it easier to classify a worker?    Ms. VELAZQUEZ. That was my follow-up question you answered.    Ms. VELAZQUEZ. Thank you.    Ms. VELAZQUEZ. Thank you. I can imagine that this issue is more pervasive among immigrants.    Ms. VELAZQUEZ. Maybe that is why I am constantly called asking for my Social Security or that I owe money here and there.    Ms. Olson, we heard on Tuesday about the penalties businesses face for improper classification of workers. In your experience, have you had many complaints about penalties for misclassification?    Ms. VELAZQUEZ. Thank you. I yield back. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.