    Mrs. Radewagen. Thank you, Mr. Chairman and the Ranking Member.    I also would like to thank the panel for appearing today.    Ms. Fennell, can you explain the reclamation process for wind and solar projects and describe why reclamation bonds are important?    Mrs. Radewagen. Now, in some cases reclamation can be very expensive, and if it is a large project and there is a lot of infrastructure, reclamation can cost tens of millions of dollars. Is that right?    Mrs. Radewagen. What is the total value of wind and solar bonds held by BLM?    Mrs. Radewagen. And that is for how many rights-of-way?    Mrs. Radewagen. So GAO looked at every single right-of-way that required a bond, right?    Mrs. Radewagen. Can you explain how GAO determined those numbers? Did they come from BLM or did you independently verify them?    Mrs. Radewagen. When the GAO team began looking at the data from BLM, was it consistent?    Mrs. Radewagen. So the answer would be no?    Mrs. Radewagen. The BLM has two separate databases for tracking wind and solar bond information. During the review, did you find that they were reliable?    Mrs. Radewagen. Were the two databases at least consistent with each other?    Mrs. Radewagen. During the review, did GAO find that the two systems were missing information?    Mrs. Radewagen. What kind of information?    Mrs. Radewagen. What about timeliness? Were the databases at least up to date?    Mrs. Radewagen. So without implementing GAO's recommendations, BLM could not have confidence that the information it keeps on wind and solar bonds is accurate?    Mrs. Radewagen. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mrs. Radewagen. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. Fennell, when GAO reviewed all the bonds that BLM had, you found that most of the bonds are held as letters of credit or surety bonds; but there was one bond worth almost $50,000 that is described as undetermined. In the report, it says BLM could not provide the bond type.    How can BLM hold a bond that is undetermined?    Mrs. Radewagen. Did GAO try to determine the bond type?    Mrs. Radewagen. It seems like this is yet another example of missing or inaccurate information that BLM has on these bonds.    In another example, the GAO report says that a BLM employee had to drive out to the right-of-way and count the number of wind turbines that were on the property because the databases in the project file were so confused. Is that correct?    Mrs. Radewagen. The OIG report issued in 2012 covered a lot of the same issues that the GAO report covers. Ms. Fennell, are you aware of any other documents that identified concerns with handling wind and solar bonds?    Mrs. Radewagen. What about bond handling policies? Does BLM have any specific policies for properly storing wind and solar bonds?    Mrs. Radewagen. If there is no real guidance, then where are these bonds being stored?    Mrs. Radewagen. Mr. Ellis, the 2012 IG report highlights the need for close supervision of solar projects on Federal land and perhaps explains why BLM is required to review bonds annually. The report found that solar projects frequently go through name changes, reassignments, and of course, bankruptcies. Some of us may have heard of Solyndra.    Have renewable projects been pushed to expand at a pace that BLM cannot keep up with?    Also, why are BLM employees not aware that bonds were supposed to be reviewed as discussed in the GAO report?    Mrs. Radewagen. Is this a management task too large for BLM to responsibly administer?    Mrs. Radewagen. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mrs. Radewagen. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. Fennell, does BLM consistently follow its current periodic review policy?    Mrs. Radewagen. When GAO looked at how often BLM conducted periodic reviews, what did you find?    Mrs. Radewagen. The report says 23 out of 45 wind and solar development rights-of-way were at least 4 months overdue for an adequacy review. That is over 50 percent.    When GAO asked the BLM officials who were responsible for conducting these periodic reviews why they had not been done, the officials had three excuses: some said they did not know the bonds were supposed to be reviewed; some said they were too busy to review the bonds; and some said the computer system had not alerted them when it was time to review the bonds.    The excuses were, number one, ``I do not know.''    Number two, ``I was too busy.''    Number three, ``The computer system did not remind me.''    Mrs. Radewagen. Thank you, Ms. Fennell.    Mr. Ellis, do you think it is acceptable for BLM officials to not do their jobs because they do not know what their job is, they are too busy to do their job, or because the computer did not remind them to do their job?    Mrs. Radewagen. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I yield back.