    Mr. MIHM. Well, thank you, Mr. Chairman, and Ms. Velazquez, and members of the Committee. It is an enormous pleasure and honor to be able to be with you here today to discuss our report on Tax Compliance Burden and Small Businesses. That report is being released today and it is available, of course, on the GAO website at gao.gov.    As this Committee is well aware, given the important role that small business plays in the U.S. economy, reducing the cost of compliance with the tax code frees up additional resources to expand, hire new employees, and further contributes to economic growth. At the same time, small business tax issues are a significant contributor to the annual tax gap which is the difference between taxes owed and taxes paid on time. And as both the chairman and Ms. Velazquez mentioned in their opening statements, and IRS takes as a given as well, the overwhelming majority of taxpayers want to pay their taxes in full and timely manner. It is just that we need to make sure that we create the environment and give them the tools that enable them to do that, including reforms to the tax code as you pointed out. Thus, the key challenge for IRS is that they must minimize taxpayer burden while encouraging, and as the chairman pointed out with his reference to his constituent Scott, making possible voluntary compliance with the tax code.    My remarks today highlight the key findings of our report. I know you have seen it, so in the interest of brevity I will just hit four very key points on that.    First, most small businesses are individuals, but most small business income is generated by partnerships and corporations. According to Treasury analysis, small businesses make up about 99 percent of businesses in the United States. Treasury defines a small business for this purpose as individuals or entities with business activity that is less than $10 million in total income and deductions. Approximately 69 percent of small businesses, or about 1-6 million, are individual taxpayers who report business income. The remaining 31 percent, or roughly 7.3 million, are partnerships or corporations.    On the other hand, in 2010, individuals generated 23 percent of total income of all small businesses. This equates to about $1.4 trillion into the economy. Small business partnerships, S corps, and C corporations accounted for the remaining 77 percent of small business income, and that represented $4.5 trillion in income.    My second point. Tax compliance burdens vary across small businesses. The variance is driven by factors such as business asset size, by type--for example, is it a sole proprietor or a C corporation--number of employees and industry type. Our report details how certain tax compliance-related activities create burden. The report groups these into general categories, such as income tax activities, employee-related tax activities, and third-party information reporting.    As the chairman mentioned, SBA and IRS data has shown that there are very real costs both in terms of time and money with small businesses in order to be able to comply with the various requirements.    My third point this morning is that IRS does consider small business compliance burden in its decision making, but improvements are clearly needed. We interviewed small business representatives, including those from the AICPA, who said that IRS's outreach efforts have been effective in identifying opportunity to reduce compliance burden. As one example, IRS worked with stakeholders to develop a simplified method for small businesses to calculate the home office deduction. That change was introduced in January 2013. Previously, businesses had to complete a complex property depreciation calculation. As I am sure you have heard from your constituents over many years, that had been a very real pain point for small businesses.    Nevertheless, and despite that real and important progress, stakeholders also pointed to a number of areas where IRS burden could be further reduced. These are areas of IRS customer service. Among others, those open recommendations that the chairman mentioned. We have recommendations in these areas that we believe need aggressive action from IRS and, that if effectively implemented, could improve service and help reduce the tax gap.    Fourth and finally, IRS's evaluation of its payment card pilot has strengths but needs to be more fully developed. This is obviously a point that Ms. Velazquez was making in her statement. IRS began this pilot program in 2012, and what it does is it compares payment data from payment settlement entities, such as credit card companies, with income reported by small businesses. The evaluation plan that IRS has for the pilot has many elements of a well-designed evaluation, which is a bit of an anomaly for IRS. They typically do not do that good of a job with their evaluations. I mean that as a positive statement I should say.    As a result, IRS has been able to make rapid and ongoing assessments of pilot activities and to make changes based on lessons learned. However, the overall evaluation lacks key performance measures for the pilot's goals--so we do not know whether or not it should be implemented more broadly, clear evaluation criteria, and other elements.    With that, let me end at that point and obviously take any questions that the Committee may have.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. MIHM. I think on the whole, Mr. Chairman, the IRS does take our recommendations seriously. I mean, they have wide ranging and very difficult responsibilities. We are always making recommendations.    Mr. MIHM. They implement quite a few. The ones that we are talking about today are ones that we believe they have not yet implemented, and there are still plenty of opportunities on that.    Just as an example, the telephone answering over the last year. 2014, if you called 67 percent of the time you could get through. 2015, you were getting through 59 percent of the time. I am sorry, 39 percent of the time. These are the courtesy disconnects. What an Orwellian term that Mr. Lewis has mentioned. The wait times----    Mr. MIHM. They hang up on you. Yeah.    Now, very often though you beat them to the punch because the hang-up rate in 2014, the individual saying I cannot take this anymore was 29 percent of the calls. It was 57 percent this year. And that is also explained by the wait time. The wait time in 2014 was about 17 minutes and about 28 minutes this time. And these are averages.    What we have urged IRS to do is a couple of things. One is that they need to benchmark their telephone assistance service. They are not the only organization in the United States that has a call center, and so there are plenty of other places that they can benchmark against.    Second is that they need to then also be thinking of an integrated strategy that considers how they can provide service and information to taxpayers using both the phone and then also using and augmenting the IRS website and having more of an Internet-based strategy for getting information out there.    And then finally, they need to engage the Congress. As their resources have been going down in recent years, they need to make sure that they take a strategic approach, sit down with the Congress and say these are the tradeoffs that are being made. If there are different tradeoffs that we should be making, please give us guidance on that. But those are all open recommendations.    Mr. MIHM. Yes, sir.    Mr. MIHM. Yes, ma'am. There are actually two benefits. One is before the notice goes out, you would hope that the knowledge that IRS is receiving this payment card information and that this matching is taking place will be an incentive to get them to do that. IRS has seen some very early data that they believe is showing that that is the case. Again, this is a minority of taxpayers we are talking about.    For the other taxpayers, it is, as clearly you are implying in the question, it is not much of an advantage for them if they have to, in a sense, go back and correct an IRS record on this. This gets to why we think it is so important for IRS to have a good evaluation strategy. The potential for this pilot, like a lot of third-party information reporting, is that it can really reduce burden, can help improve compliance, so it could be a big deal. And I realize that all three of those were conditionals that I used--could, could, could. But they have to make sure that they implement it the right way. They have to make sure that they reach out to the stakeholders and engage them in the design of the program, and they need to make sure that they are actually measuring the performance so that they know if they are actually getting more benefit for this program or are we sending out bogus notices to people that is actually causing more headaches for honest taxpayers.    Mr. MIHM. Absolutely, ma'am.    Mr. MIHM. Yes, ma'am. And that was the reference I was making to the question of the chairman, is that the IRS needs to engage with the Congress, given how much their budget has gone down. Now, this has all been with added responsibilities. You know, both in the growth of the number of taxpayers, Affordable Care Act implementation responsibilities, other changes to the tax laws. They are in a very difficult position as an agency, and I realize there is not a lot of appetite to be looking to plus up the IRS budget.    Mr. MIHM. Which means why do we have to engage in that?    Mr. MIHM. Yes, sir. The tax gap as you are mentioning is enormous. I mean, IRS estimates--this is based on 2006 data--but it is about $450 billion a year. And this is the difference between legally owed and actually paid in a timely manner. Some of that is clearly the underground economy, meaning that it is nonfilers. In the technical term, this is people that ought to be filing that just are not.    Mr. MIHM. Well, they have a national research program so it is an enormously complex estimation that they do. The size of the underground economy is probably the weakest aspect of that estimate. A lot of that, also the tax gap source is underreporting of people who do actually report but do not report the full amount.    Mr. MIHM. Yes, sir.    Mr. MIHM. Right.    Mr. MIHM. Well, your point, sir, about it being marginal is exactly right, and it gets to what one of the key strategies needs to be, which is assuming that most people do want to pay their taxes--now, we are not talking about the underground economy in this case, but assuming that most people do want to pay their taxes, and then making it easier for them to do so, because in many cases where there is underreporting, the amount of underreporting makes it hard to justify going after any one individual. I mean, you have to in some senses to get a deterrent effect to make sure that people always know that they have to, but you do not want to spend a million dollars going after $5,000. You cannot do that in all cases.    Mr. MIHM. Yes, sir.    Mr. MIHM. Yes, sir.    Mr. MIHM. Well, that is why good customer service is so important. That is why third party reporting that makes compliance relatively easy for people is so important. Because obviously, you are making exactly the right point here. Trying to chase the money after the fact is ultimately not going to be very good. It is not going to be good for the businesses because of the mistakes that could be made as the ranking member mentioned. It is not going to be good for the IRS because of the cost benefit of that. We need to make sure that we have in place the right independent third party reporting. We make sure we have the customer service.    Mr. MIHM. Yes, sir. You cannot do that in all cases but we need to do enough of it so that as the vice chair was mentioning in his questions, is that we do not get basically a sucker tax system where the people who are paying their taxes are the criminals.    Mr. MIHM. That is something, sir, that we really have not looked at directly, so I will have to defer to my colleagues on the panel if I may.    Mr. MIHM. Well, there are certainly, as we pointed out in this testimony, other findings looking at regulations in general. There are costs associated with the implementation of regulations. There are costs to small businesses. And we have a table that shows that for corporations, if you have less than five employees, it can be between, you know, around $4,500 per employee in order to comply. That is a substantive cost that is imposed.    Mr. MIHM. Certainly, the complexity of the tax code creates a barrier to any economic activity. It creates a barrier to compliance. It creates a barrier to economic growth.    Mr. MIHM. I will do my best not to take the full 50, Mr. Chairman.    I think you have got excellent ideas, so I will not repeat them, but just align myself with those and go off on a bit of a different direction, and that is on the identity theft at IRS. It costs them about $5.8 billion in 2013, IRS estimates, in which they pay to identity thieves. Now, they stopped or recovered, they estimate, about $24 billion before it goes out. That is a real target of opportunity for them to be more strategic in going after--and it is a priority area for them to reduce the amount of identity theft as it affects IRS.    Mr. MIHM. No, sir. That is not an issue that we looked at in any detail.    Mr. MIHM. I cannot give you a bottom line on that. We did review it. I mean, we worked with the Committee and they used a lot of our work as they were putting it together, but we did not come to a bottom line decision.    Mr. MIHM. I really cannot speak to that, sir.    Mr. MIHM. No, sir, we have not.