    Ms. Wasserman Schultz. I apologize.    Ms. Wasserman Schultz. Thank you, Madam Chair.    Mr. Secretary, it is good to see you. And I want to shift gears a little bit. I know that the line of questioning has focused mostly on the Middle East and Iran, but the subcommittee obviously has other focal points, including food aid and disaster relief. And so I wanted to just touch on where we are in our progress with reform. In recent years we have seen increased momentum to push for reform of our international food aid programs and make them more effective and more efficient and save more lives in less time. And so while obviously the focal point is being more fiscally responsible, I mean, hopefully our goal is also to make sure that we can end hunger and provide nutrition to more people. At the same time, obviously, that helps our own local farmers and agriculture and production.    The President's budget request included several reform measures that allow for increased flexibility within those programs and increased funding for local and regional purchase of food aid, and that has bipartisan support. But my question is, do you believe that the reforms that have been proposed, the increased flexibility for the type of and delivery of aid, are those essential for responding to the crises that we are facing today, the ones that we might encounter in the future, and really enable us to effectively respond to food insecurity, and at the same time moving towards resilience and self-reliance?    Ms. Wasserman Schultz. And just briefly because I don't have a lot of time left, and I am the ranking member on the Legislative Branch Subcommittee and have to go back to that hearing, what steps is the Administration taking to ensure that the Helms amendment is correctly applied and that U.S. foreign assistance that may be used for abortions in the case of rape, incest, and life endangerment and to make sure that preventing pregnancy in those cases is our primary goal?    Ms. Wasserman Schultz. There has been--not on the part of the Administration--an issue surrounding the misinterpretation of the Helms amendment that prohibits the use of funds for the performance of abortion as a method of family planning. That it has been incorrectly implemented, essentially to become a total ban on funding for abortion. And so that is a--I hate to use the term ``nuance''--but there is a difference between prohibiting abortion entirely and prohibiting its use as a method of family planning.    Ms. Wasserman Schultz. And so that is the interpretation or misinterpretation I am concerned about, and I am wondering if that has been addressed.    Ms. Wasserman Schultz. By the way, it predates this Administration.    Ms. Wasserman Schultz. Thank you.    Ms. Wasserman Schultz. Thank you, Mr. Secretary.    Madam Chair, I yield back.    Ms.  Wasserman Schultz. Thank you, Madam Chair. Ambassador, welcome. Good to see you.    Congressman Diaz-Balart and I sponsored the 1,000 Days resolution last year to call attention to that window in which we have an opportunity to really make a difference when it comes to the nutrition and future health of a young child.    So that made it somewhat disappointing that there was a 12-percent cut in nutrition funding in the President's budget, and I would like to ask you to explain how are we going to continue to make sure that we can be a leader and leverage other countries in what is really a vital area. Now, I ask that question knowing that we have the Multi-Sectoral Nutrition Strategy and that we are trying to line up the resources with the strategy and the goals. But, you know, in the meantime, that strategy is not complete, and we want to make sure that we can maintain that leadership role and maintain momentum. So if you could answer that.    I will just ask my second question since I know we have votes at the same time. I am concerned, even though we have not had any major national disasters that required a global emergency response, thankfully, recently, we have humanitarian needs that are alarming around the world. We have to make sure that we have adequate response capabilities, and the budget request has a 13-percent cut to humanitarian funding which includes significant decreases in both the migration and refugee and international disaster assistance account. So can you also talk about how we are going to be able to maintain those adequate response capabilities given that proposed cut?    Ms.  Wasserman Schultz. So, forgive me for interrupting, Ambassador, but are you realizing efficiencies in that proposed cut? I mean----    Ms.  Wasserman Schultz. Ambassador, again, you are----    Ms.  Wasserman Schultz. This isn't about whether we put more or less money into it. It is about making sure that we can maintain our leadership role, and in the interim, until we have that multisector plan in place----    Ms.  Wasserman Schultz . That we not roll backwards.    Ms.  Wasserman Schultz. And so I understand that we can't be everything to everyone. That is not what I am suggesting. I want to make sure that with a proposed 13-percent cut, we are able to maintain that leadership and not go backwards----    Ms.  Wasserman Schultz . In terms of the ability for us to provide assistance for children that badly need it.    Ms.  Wasserman Schultz. No, you didn't.    Ms.  Wasserman Schultz. Sure. I think we have to vote, so I don't know that we are going to be able to.    Ms. Wasserman Schultz. Thank you, Madam Chair.    And welcome to the committee. It is a pleasure to have you join us.    I want to just ask a couple of questions, one of which relates to the situation in Argentina that doesn't appear to be getting any better to those of us who are concerned about the ongoing AMIA investigation are becoming increasingly concerned about.    Obviously, the murder, for lack of a better term, of Alberto Nisman puts quite a crimp in the opportunity to make sure that we can more specifically get to the bottom of the perpetrators. I know that the State Department had offered assistance to the Argentine judicial system. Although that appears to be in dispute, from the feedback that I have had from those who know quite a bit about the ongoing discussions.    Can you give us an update on if and how the U.S. is aiding the Argentine Government in its investigation?    Obviously, we can't interfere in their internal affairs, but the AMIA center attacks were horrific and transnational and represent a growing terrorist foothold that we obviously need to make sure that we are paying attention to.    Ms. Wasserman Schultz. Is there any hope, now that Alberto Nisman is deceased, given that he was found dead the day before he was to give testimony that would have shed some important light on the case, are there other avenues that we are able to pursue to get the same information or the information that he had? Or did that information die with him?    Ms. Wasserman Schultz. Do you feel as though you are getting true cooperation from the Argentine Government to get to the actual bottom of----    Ms. Wasserman Schultz. Right.    Ms. Wasserman Schultz. Rather, do you feel as though the Argentine Government is fully engaged in trying to actually get to the bottom of the origin of the attack?    Ms. Wasserman Schultz. Thank you.    I yield back.    Ms. Wasserman Schultz. Thank you, Madam Chair.    Ambassador, welcome. Good to see you.    Ambassador Power. Thank you.    Ms. Wasserman Schultz. I am going to mix things up a little and ask you something not related to Cuba, Iran, or Israel, because I have a sense, even though I just arrived, that that was pretty well covered before I got here. Just a hunch.    I want to ask you a couple of questions that are near and dear to, I know, both me, Congresswoman Lee, Congresswoman Lowey, and Ms. Granger, and that is the way that women are treated and the potential for exploitation and what we are doing about it in U.N. Peacekeeping missions and in U.N.-funded operations.    But I also want to ask you about the notion of training women peacekeepers. I know we know that the challenge in having more women peacekeepers at the U.N. is that there are not a lot of women in military and police roles. So, as a result, there is a very small pipeline.    I recently learned about a special training program that is for female military officers. It was a first-of-its-kind initiative. U.N. Women in India, in partnership with the Center for United Nations Peacekeeping, developed and conducted a special technical course for female military officers. It was in New Delhi and, apparently, there were officers from 24 troop-contributing countries that participated in the course. And it essentially is going to sort of build our bench.    I think, obviously, it is important to have in very specific circumstances a woman on the front lines of the U.N.'s peacekeeping efforts versus men, not that men can't do a very effective job. But, obviously, with cultural sensitivities and gender sensitivities, having more women for a variety of reasons is really important.    So I wanted to ask you about that program, ask you if you knew enough about that model to suggest that maybe we could expand it and use it for training going forward, but, generally what else can we do to train more women and to put more women in peacekeeping roles at the U.N.?    And I will ask you the other question at the same time, and that is just the ongoing efforts to deter sexual exploitation in U.S. Peacekeeping operations. I mean, obviously, there are--U.N. Peacekeepers are operating in countries where there are a lot of challenges, but we have sexual abuse in U.N. Peacekeeping missions similar to what has gone on in our own military. I would like to know what steps are being taken to address that issue because, obviously, anything we can do to reduce and use our leverage financially to effect change there is important.    Ambassador Power. Okay. Thank you so much, Congresswoman, for the change of pace and for the excellent questions. These are issues very close to my heart, and they should be easier to fix than they are.    In terms of the program that you reference, we are very excited about this. We are constantly talking about it publicly as a way of encouraging more countries to institutionalize programs like this.    We actually just recently passed another Security Council resolution that is the re-up to so-called Resolution 1325, which is the Women, Peace and Security resolution, which sort of set the framework for this now I guess 20 years ago.    And in that we very explicitly called on countries to increase the recruitment of female soldiers and female police within their own militaries and then called on the U.N., also, to make more of a point when it engages a TCC, a troop-contributing country, or a PCC, a police-contributing country, to actually make--send a demand signal that this is what they want.    As you know, the numbers are strikingly small, but we have--I have certainly seen in the field in places like Darfur the effects it has when women police officers are the ones to go and engage young women who have been raped en route to, you know, getting firewood, and it is just a wholly different dynamic.    And the sense of shame and the--you know, trying to tell that story to a male foreign--you know, not even from your own country or your own community, but someone who doesn't speak your language and who is a guy, it is sort of really, really challenging and just, compounds the pain that these people are experiencing.    So we, the United States, I think, since 2005 have trained about just over 5,000 women peacekeepers through our GPOI program, but we also, through our national action plan on Women, Peace and Security, on the implementation of 1325, have made a commitment to try to increase that.    I think the more we talk about it, the more we emphasize it. It is a big priority for the Secretary General. But the way the U.N. works, of course, is the Secretary General is at the mercy of what, again, each of the member states puts forward.    I think our embassies can put also--and our DATs, our defense attaches, can be engaging in, again, encouraging that kind of recruitment. But as a general rule, the U.N. tends to amplify what the dynamics are, as you suggested, within the composite member states of the U.N.    So the world we need to change is the world inside member states, and that is why, again, having enormous resolutions and the political push is important, but we need to do it at the ground level.    In terms of sexual exploitation and abuse, I think the U.N. has improved its vetting for troops and police who are going out into the field. Individuals who have been alleged to carry out these acts are generally sent home while an investigation takes place.    There, though, does need to be far more follow-up in the host country. Because what happens is they go home and then, again, the U.N.'s relationship with it--I mean, there may not even be a U.N. Presence in a particular country--tends to become atrophied.    So we also need to work through our embassies to also keep the pressure on those countries that say, ``Yes. We are going to do an investigation,'' but then, you know, enthusiasm for that can melt away, you know, once the individual is back in the host country.    So it is--again, we are nowhere near where we need to be, but we are in a much--there is much more of a top-down commitment from the U.N. bureaucracy, much more of an awareness among TCCs and PCCs that this is a priority. And, again, we need to see results in the field.    Ms. Wasserman Schultz. Madam Chair, just 10 seconds more of indulgement, so that I could ask you know, we obviously have members travel around the world and we have meetings with a lot of your host countries.    And, to the degree that--we are able to raise issues from our perspective so that they are not only hearing them from you----    Ambassador Power. That so would be----    Ms. Wasserman Schultz . If you could find a way to let members know as we are approaching recesses where we know CODELs are going out, know many of us would be happy to do that.    Ambassador Power. Great. Thank you so much, Congresswoman.    Ms. Wasserman Schultz. Thank you.