    Ms. Jackson Lee. Let me thank the Chairman and the Ranking Member. This is an important hearing. But let me also thank the witnesses. I come with a, sort-of, a dual approach in my questions, respecting both of you.    Commissioner, thank you for your service.    Thank you, Ms. Johnson.    I am going to join the Chairman and wish that we had a person in the level of Secretary, assistant secretary. When I say that, no disregard to your expertise, and to thank you for your presence here today.    As I said, when I say dual purpose, I am going to be a little bit askance. Let me ask the commissioner, Mr. Commissioner, are you--do you have an intent to break the law?    Ms. Jackson Lee. Ms. Johnson, do you have an intent to break the law?    Ms. Jackson Lee. So I would just take issue with our hearing topic. I think we have public servants who are here who have no intent on breaking the law. I feel a little bit uncomfortable to suggest that they are here in the context of breaking the law.    But I do believe that we want to give you counsel, and I hope both of you will take back the definitive concern of this committee. Our name came about after 9/11. If the American people know anything, they understand homeland security.    It would fall at the feet of the Department, less so State, who collaborates on these Visa Waiver Programs, when the American people think, ``Why have I not been protected?'' They will look to the Homeland Security Department, Commissioner. They will look to this committee, just by the very name.    So, I can appreciate my colleagues, who were in negotiations and made the very best effort. I hope you can appreciate them as Members of Congress, trying to do their job. But I want to say that I don't think any of you are attempting, or have, broken the law.    But let me raise this and try to probe from you. Section 203 of the negotiations of H.R. 158, which never passed the House or Senate, it passed its committee, did, however, get into the Consolidated Appropriations Act.    The exact language is, as you have noted, is that the Secretary of Homeland Security can waive the prohibition against travel under the VWP waiver--the Visa Waiver Program, due to recent travel to a specified country or because of citizenship in a specific country, if the Secretary determines that such a waiver is in the law enforcement or National security interests of the United States.    Commissioner, have you heard that language? Has that language been brought to your attention?    Ms. Jackson Lee. Ms. Johnson, has that language been brought to your attention?    Ms. Jackson Lee. So can I assume that the Secretary of Homeland Security and the Secretary of State thought, in their responsibilities of National security and law enforcement--am I to assume that they felt compelled to answer the many inquiries that they were getting, panic inquiries, outrage on the diplomatic level, to come up with a resolution?    Ms. Johnson, do you think that is where we are today?    Ms. Jackson Lee. Mr. Commissioner, is it that you needed to inform your personnel and the Secretary of Homeland Security felt compelled, either by his dialogue with the Secretary--where do you think this, sort-of, machinations and changes, of sorts, came about?    Ms. Jackson Lee. So with no intent to undermine the protection of the American people?    Ms. Jackson Lee. But complying with Section 3 that, if a case comes up, under National security and--or law enforcement necessity, that that case could be considered. So let me ask you this. In the broad base of business purpose, could you have, in your framework, what would define as a legitimate business person?    Let's start with Ms. Johnson. What would we define as a legitimate business person--purpose? Excuse me.    Ms. Jackson Lee. Let me close by saying, first of all, I want it to be very clear that I asked the witnesses, on the record, did they have the intent or have they broken the law? Let me add that point.    Have you broken the law? Commissioner.    Ms. Jackson Lee. Ms. Johnson.    Ms. Jackson Lee. I think that you have not done so. But I think it is important that you hear the concern of this committee, that what was represented in negotiations seems to be, if you will, has turned into an amoeba and has begin to crawl in different directions.    For the security of the American people, I think we need negotiations, discussions, again. I think it should be restated that the Commissioner said no waiver has been asked for or granted, at this point in time, on February 10, 2016. That is somewhat of a good thing.    But when you think of countries like Iran and Syria, you raise concern in others. But I will close my comments by saying I have empathy for humanitarian purposes. Certainly, military and diplomatic have their own waiver.    I would, probably, look to narrowing that to those dealing with humanitarian issues, those dealing with legitimate business versus dealing with the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, but raise questions about others who would need this waiver, except for the fact that you come back and show us a strict, restricted, point-by-point, in a briefing that is not public, of how you would assess journalists and others, because I am not here to deny the legitimacy of individuals like that who would have been engaged in travel.    But, Mr. Chairman, I just want to be on record to say that I do not believe this administration is in the business of breaking the law. I yield back.