    Mr. Forbes. Well, I want to welcome all of our members to our hearing today. I am particularly pleased to have some of our Nation's foremost naval experts providing testimony before our subcommittee.    We have the Honorable John F. Lehman, former Secretary of the Navy, and Admiral Robert J. Natter, U.S. Navy, retired, former Commander, Fleet Forces Command. Gentlemen, thank you so much for all that you have done for our country and we are delighted to have you with us today.    When John Lehman stepped down as Secretary of the Navy in 1987, we had 594 ships. When Admiral Natter retired from the Navy in 2003, we had 297 ships. Today, we have 272 ships. The size of our fleet is only one metric for Navy strength, but it is an important one. And while I firmly believe that the United States Navy remains the most powerful and capable maritime force in the world, I am concerned about the future and the trend lines that we see in those three points.    We have heard from the Chief of Naval Operations Admiral Richardson that we are returning to an era of great power competition in which our maritime superiority will be contested. We have heard the gaps in our aircraft carrier presence will continue to occur in the Middle East and the Pacific. We have heard from the Marine Corps that shortfalls in amphibious ships are driving them to consider deploying aboard foreign ships.    A few weeks ago, Admiral Harris, our commander in the Pacific, testified to Congress that the Navy can currently only fulfill 62 percent of his demand for submarines. We all thought that sounded pretty dire, but just last week I was informed by the Navy that across the board, the Navy will only be able to meet 42 percent of anticipated demand for forces in fiscal year 2017. So it turns out that Admiral Harris' situation may actually be above average, an alarming realization indeed.    The conclusion we should all be drawing from this data is that we need more ships, and more aircraft, and more investment in other elements and enablers of naval power. The administration points to a ship construction program that will meet the 380-ship Navy in the next few years. However, if one looks under the hood of this car, one sees some disturbing details. The administration continues to count ships that they intend to shrink wrap and tie to the pier. Once again, they are proposing to lay up half our cruisers and truncate the procurement of small surface combatants.    Now, in fiscal year 2017, they are asking for permission to deactivate an entire carrier air wing. These trend lines are, indeed, concerning and point to a clear need to provide additional investment in our Navy and in the other elements of our national defense. They are also evidence, I believe, of malaise and a lack of vision in thinking about American seapower.    While I believe that our uniformed leaders are fully capable of providing this vision and leadership, I believe the administration, and the next, must place a higher priority on national security and the strength of our Navy. Our witnesses today have fought these battles before and are a clear source of inspiration as we navigate these troubled waters and seek to rebuild our maritime strength. We are indebted to them for their service, and today we once again call on their wisdom and foresight. I look forward to hearing their thoughts.    But now I turn to my good friend and colleague, the ranking member of the subcommittee, Congressman Joe Courtney of Connecticut, for any comments he might have.    Mr. Forbes. Thank you, Mr. Courtney. And without objection, Secretary Lehman and Admiral Natter's written testimony will be made a part of the record. No objection, so it will be so entered.    And with that, Mr. Secretary, we are delighted to have you here and we look forward to any opening remarks that you might have for us.    Secretary, you might want to push that.    Mr. Forbes. Mr. Secretary, thank you. Admiral Natter.    Mr. Forbes. Admiral, thank you. I am going to defer my questions until the end to make sure all of our members can get theirs in. So with that, we recognize Mr. Courtney for any questions he may have.    Mr. Forbes. The distinguished gentleman from Alabama, Mr. Byrne, is recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Forbes. The gentleman from Rhode Island, Mr. Langevin, is recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Forbes. The chairman of the Readiness Committee, Mr. Wittman from Virginia.    Mr. Forbes. The gentleman's time has expired. Ms. Gabbard from Hawaii is recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Forbes. The gentlelady's time has expired. The gentlelady from Missouri, Mrs. Hartzler, is recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Forbes. The gentlelady's time has expired.    The gentlelady from Florida, Ms. Graham, is recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Forbes. Gentlemen, you have been very patient with us. I have just a few more questions I would like to ask for the record.    Admiral, you have spent a fair amount of time with the 7th Fleet in the Asia-Pacific area. Can you just give us a little capsule version of your experience there? And then if you could also tell us, based upon that experience, as you see our force structure there now, with also what you see with other forces there, how would you assess our capabilities there and your worries, if any?    Mr. Forbes. Would you be concerned if you were the 7th Fleet commander today?    Mr. Forbes. There is a myth that--or at least I think it is a myth, I would like to have both of your opinions on it--that we are not going to need to increase the number of ships, in fact, the size of our force structure today because all of our future battles are going to be done with special forces and with unmanned platforms.    Mr. Secretary, how would you respond to that argument? And then, Admiral, if you would give us your thoughts.    Mr. Forbes. Admiral.    Mr. Forbes. Last two questions because I know Mr. Courtney needs to go as well.    Our carriers. There have been some arguments that we don't need carriers today. We need to maybe reduce the number we have. And there is even a proposal to take one of our carrier air wings out in the budget this year.    Can you just tell us how important you think it is that we maintain at least 11 carriers and 10 air wings, or do you think we can reduce them down? Admiral.    Mr. Forbes. Good. Last question for you is this: I think both of you basically concurred we need about 350 ships. Is that fair? We have both witnesses are nodding.    Mr. Forbes. There was a question that we were asked about what the makeup of those ships would be. We can't get there overnight. But as we start allocating our dollars, where would you suggest we start, as we go from where we are today to perhaps one day getting back to 350. What is the most important investments we need to make over the next 5-plus years?    Mr. Forbes. Admiral.    Mr. Forbes. Gentlemen, we thank you.    Mr. Courtney, did you have anything else?    Thank you both again for your service to our country. Thank you for laying this foundation for us, which we hope will help us build upon to rebuild the number of ships that we need in our Navy. If either of you have any last comments that you would like to offer before we go?    Mr. Forbes. Okay.    Mr. Forbes. Thank you. And with that, we are adjourned.