    Mr. Davis. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I apologize for the side conversation there.    And thank you, Mr. Rokita.    First off, witnesses, we really appreciate you being here. My first question is for Mr. Allan.    You wrote in your testimony that Federal agencies are not coordinating, consulting and engaging with the States as well as they could or should. What are some ways that the Federal agencies need to treat the States more as coequal partners in implementing the GLRI program?    Mr. Davis. Thank you.    Mr. Davis. Great. Thank you.    And, Mayor--Racine, Wisconsin, right?    Mr. Davis. Who is your Member of Congress in Racine?    Mr. Davis. Who?    Mr. Davis. Not ringing a bell. No, no.    Mr. Davis. No, Paul is great, and please do tell him that we were giving him some flak here in the T&I Committee.    Mr. Davis. Yes. Let him know we do have other committees here besides his vaunted Ways and Means. OK?    Mayor, I have been a supporter of public-private partnerships. Mr. Lord mentioned more public-private partnerships in his testimony. I think they are a good means of leveraging and coordinating resources.    As a matter of fact, my colleague, Cheri Bustos, and I, along with our Senators from Illinois, ensured that there was a provision in the WRRDA package to encourage more public-private partnerships.    Do you see a role for P3s in the Great Lakes restoration projects?    And if so, how can that role lead to further success? And what idea may you have to get the Federal agencies past their hesitance of doing them?    Mr. Davis. So you are saying the Federal agencies should let local municipalities walk and chew gum at the same time.    Mr. Davis. Yes, thank you. We would, too.    Mr. Busdeker, hey, thank you for being here, too. I have a question for you. Is the NRCS doing enough to support the agricultural community to implement conservation and best management practices to reduce nonpoint source pollution?    Yes or no?    Mr. Davis. That was my next question. What more should they be doing?    Mr. Davis. Excellent. We actually just had a research hearing in my other committee. I had another hearing which is why I was late for this one in the House Committee on Agriculture, and in our hearing yesterday and the subcommittee I chair focused on agricultural research and working with our land-grant universities.    If you see a way to partner with our land-grants and with other institutions within the agricultural community to get more research dollars towards conservation, please do let me know.    And with that, Mr. Chairman, I yield back the second I have left.