    Mrs. Brooks. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thanks to our witnesses for being here. I am a former United States Attorney, and so have worked with Medicaid fraud control units run by our states' Attorney General, and also with HHS OIG agents, and my question is really to both of you about the staffing, and the number of people that we dedicate--so while you are very focused on prevention, I understand, but deterrence is also a wonderful tool, and I am curious about the effectiveness of our deterrence. Because if we don't prosecute those, and--while certainly I know U.S. Attorneys' offices and Attorney Generals are prosecuting all across the country, I don't believe they have the resources that they need. These are very complex investigations. The last thing they want to do is prosecute someone wrongfully, and these are very complicated cases.    So my question is to both of you about whether it is our health care providers, or the beneficiaries who are receiving improper payments, what is your thoughts on how we are doing with respect to prosecutions?    Mrs. Brooks. Mr. Bagdoyan?    Mrs. Brooks. Let me dig a bit further on the investigation, though, and I have seen the reports done by those units, and the analysis they do, and it is very complex. And I know that in your written testimony you talked about the Medicaid Integrity Institute, Dr. Agrawal. How many employees do you know across the country deal with Medicaid, state and Federal? Any idea? Because I saw in a Reuters report that more than 4,200 employees have been trained, but there are thousands more, I would suspect, but I have no idea.    Mrs. Brooks. And are all the courses required to be done in person, or could you move to an online training program to help states who have constrained budgets have more of their Medicaid employees trained?    Mrs. Brooks. I think that is a challenge for a lot of states.    Mrs. Brooks. Do you have any sense as to the success of this institute? I mean, how many folks have gone back and have actually prevented fraud?    Mrs. Brooks. Thank you. I yield back.