    Mr. Hultgren. Thank you, Chairman. Thank you all so much for being here. This is an important discussion for us to be having. Fusion energy certainly is a very important research area that has the potential to completely transform our energy sector. It also is a massive undertaking that is emblematic of the internationalization of major research facilities. Our scientific communities have to work together because we can no longer just go it alone and expect to get anything done.    Dr. Bigot, I wonder if I could address my first question to you. First, I want to say that I really appreciate the work that you're doing, and from all that I've heard, the ITER project seems to be in a much better place than it has been in the past, and I think much of that is because of your leadership.    One question I'd like to ask you, and I hope you can be candid so that we can help to make America a better partner, I wanted to ask what the biggest hurdles that you face or that others face working with the United States. What are the first questions you ask yourself when we say that we're going to deliver on a project that is five or ten or fifteen years down the road?    Mr. Hultgren. Thank you. I hope that--I do see how important this partnership is, and I hope we can remain a reliable partner. That's something that we've got to struggle with and make sure that especially the funding side of things, that we are reliable there.    Dr. Prager, I wanted to talk briefly with you. First of all, it's good to see you again and I look forward to seeing you later with the Lab Day that's going on over on the Senate side this afternoon. But the privilege I have of representing Fermilab, I see a lot of similarities between our two labs being single-purpose, and I'll make sure that any measure of success our labs use, it takes into account the differences between these labs, and also our broader multipurpose labs like Argonne and some others.    When we do science, the science itself should always be the driver of the work we pursue, but it's always good for us to know the other side-benefits and application from our research. I wonder what other applications does your research have that can benefit the nation?    Mr. Hultgren. Thanks.    Mr. Hultgren. That's great. It sounds exciting and I'm looking forward to everything that comes out of this.    Thank you all again. My time is expired. I yield back, Chairman. Thank you.