    Mr. Pitts. The subcommittee will come to order. I apologize for starting late. We were on the floor voting, so have just concluded that. And I note that we have a large audience today.    Today's hearing topic is one that we all have strong feelings about. I respectfully ask that the audience maintain decorum so that we can all hear the testimony of the witnesses and the questions of our members, and I thank you for your courtesy.    The Chair will recognize himself for an opening statement.    Earlier this summer, on July 15, 2015, many Americans learned for the first time about some of the torturous and gruesome practices in abortion clinics related to the destruction of unborn babies. In recent weeks, our Nation and our Nation's capital has reengaged in an examination about the purveyors of abortion and their grisly practices.    Abortion supporters cloak their support for abortion under the guise of women's right to choose. Yet they conveniently ignore the choices of thousands of unborn baby girls. How ironic that pro-choice advocates oppose letting unborn babies choose life.    Yet today advances in medical practice and science confirm what we have long known from morality and common sense: Modern medicine treats the unborn child as a patient. Medical pioneers have made great breakthroughs in treating the unborn for generic problems, vitamin deficiencies, irregular heart rhythms, and other medical conditions. Science has shown us earlier and earlier glimpses of tiny, unborn human beings who can feel pain. What must such a baby feel when she is approached by doctors who come to kill rather than to cure?    Anyone who sees the arms and legs of a tiny baby can hardly doubt whether it is a human being. The real question for all of us is whether that tiny human life has a God-given right to be protected by the law, the same right we have.    Abortion is not just about the unborn child. It is about each of us. We cannot diminish the value of one category of human life, whether born or unborn, without diminishing the value of all human life. When we talk about abortion, we are talking about two lives, the life of the mother and the life of the unborn child.    Medicaid, along with CHIP, pays for roughly half of all births in the United States each year. At the same time, Medicaid accounts for more than 15 percent of all healthcare spending in the United States and plays an increasingly large role in our Nation's healthcare system. Medicaid spending accounts for roughly 1 in every 4 dollars in an average State budget.    Today, no Federal funds can be used to perform elective abortions, and yet many in the abortion industry still seek ways to use Government, taxpayer-funded resources to support their business. Some providers of elective abortions bill Medicaid and CHIP for other nonabortion-related healthcare services.    I support efforts to amend the law and give States the discretion to exclude abortion providers from receiving taxpayer funding through Medicaid. States currently have broad authority to exclude from Medicaid and CHIP providers who violate program requirements, including reasons outlined in detail in Federal statute and in State laws. Courts have also upheld the ability of a State to exclude providers suspected of fraud or who are under investigation. One of our witnesses will discuss this in more detail.    Given the factual record, some States have already taken steps to block taxpayer funding for providers, including Planned Parenthood, in light of some unconscionable atrocities, both apparent and documented, from State judicial and enforcement actions.    No State should be forced to continue to include providers in their Medicaid program who commit reprehensible acts, and taxpayers should not be forced to pay for it. The committee wants to ensure States have appropriate flexibility of excluding from their Medicaid programs providers who are suspected of serious violations of Federal law.    I look forward to hearing from our witnesses today.    Mr. Pitts. I yield the balance of my time to the distinguished vice chairman of the full committee, Mrs. Blackburn.    Mr. Pitts. The Chair thanks the gentlelady.    I now recognize the ranking member of the subcommittee, Mr. Green, for 5 minutes for his opening statement.    Mr. Pitts. Without objection, the gentlelady is recognized.    Mr. Pitts. I would note that the investigation continues, but there is no objection. Without objection, so ordered.    Mr. Pitts. The Chair thanks the gentlelady.    And just as a courtesy, I might mention we have two Members who are not on the Health Subcommittee sitting with us. Mr. Westerman, who was interested in attending, is sitting. He will not participate. But Ms. DeGette, who is a member of the full committee, without objection, will sit and be a part of the hearing.    And at this point the Chair recognizes the chairman of the full committee, Mr. Upton, 5 minutes for his questions.    Mr. Pitts. The Chair thanks the gentlelady and now recognizes the ranking member of the full committee, Mr. Pallone, 5 minutes for his statement.    Mr. Pitts. The Chair thanks the gentleman.    As usual, all the opening statements of the members will be put into the record if you submit them in writing.    And at this point, we will go to our witnesses. Let me introduce them in the order that they will present.    First of all, thank you for coming. We appreciate you coming to present testimony today. And on our panel we have first Dr. Charmaine Yoest, president of Americans United for Life.    Welcome.    Then Mr. Casey Mattox, senior counsel for Alliance Defending Freedom. And finally Judy Waxman, an attorney.    So you will be each be given 5 minutes to summarize your testimony. Your written testimony will be part of the record. But you will be recognized for 5 minutes. And you will have a series of lights. The green will stay on for 4 minutes. And then, when the red comes on, that is the time for you to conclude.    So at this point the Chair recognizes Dr. Yoest for 5 minutes for her opening statement.    Mr. Pitts. The Chair thanks the gentlelady and now recognizes Mr. Casey Mattox, 5 minutes for your opening statement.    Mr. Pitts. The Chair thanks the gentleman and now recognizes Ms. Waxman, 5 minutes for your opening statement.    Mr. Pitts. The Chair thanks the lady.    That concludes the opening statements of the witnesses. We will now begin questioning. I will recognize myself for 5 minutes for that purpose.    Before we begin, let me just warn the audience that the pictures that you are about to see are quite graphic. It is important to show exactly what we are talking about here.    So the first clip, please.    Mr. Pitts. Let me read those words in case you couldn't hear them: ``It had a face. It wasn't completely torn up. Its nose was very pronounced. It had eyelids. Since the fetus was so intact, she said, `OK, well, this is a really good fetus, and it looks like we can procure a lot from it. We are going to procure a brain.' That means we are going to have to cut the head open.    ``She takes the scissors. She makes a small incision right here and goes, `I would say, maybe a little bit through the mouth.' And she is like, `OK, can you go the rest of the way?' And so she gave me the scissors and told me that I had to cut down the middle of the face, and I can't even describe what that feels like,'' end quote.    That is the whistleblower.    Next clip.    Mr. Pitts. All right. Now that is the second video, and Dr. Nucatola, the senior director of the Planned Parenthood Medical Services, says, ``We have been very good at getting heart, lung, liver, because we know that. I am not going to crush that part. I am going to basically crush below----''    Mr. Pitts. ``I am going to crush''--let me finish, I am on my time, please.    Mr. Pitts. Would you please state your point of order?    Mr. Pitts. I did not.    Mr. Pitts. She did not state her point of order. Reclaiming my time.    And so it says, ``I am going to crush above. I am going to see if I can get it all intact. I would say a lot of people want liver, and for that reason most providers will do this case under ultrasound guidance so that they will know where they are putting their forceps,'' end quote.    All right. The final clip.    Mr. Pitts. All right. This is the clip of the unedited conversation which Dr. Nucatola explains how she plans her day, procedures around the baby's organs she would like to maintain intact. As she plans her day, these babies are not different than anyone else of us, and yet it, frankly, gives me chills to think about how someone could even think about removing their organs.    And so these clips have shown the gruesome reality we are talking about. They are available in the public domain. None of us can forget the images and words that we see when we look at these and the blatant disregard for human life. And no organization, especially one that receives millions of dollars from the Federal Government, should be able to participate in such horrific actions. That is why we are here today, and that is why we are going to act.    The Chair now recognizes the ranking member, Mr. Green, 5 minutes for his questions.    Mr. Pitts. Without objection, so ordered.    Mr. Pitts. The Chair recognizes Ms. Schakowsky for the question.    Mr. Pitts. The committee is not. They are publicly available. Anyone can access them.    Mr. Pitts. What is the parliamentary inquiry?    Mr. Pitts. All right. The gentlelady's question relates to the investigation taking place in the Oversight Subcommittee. It is my understanding that the minority has received its own copy set of all the documents produced to the committee in response to committee requests, and minority staff has also been present at the briefings and interviews conducted in this investigation. So there is no basis to raise the rule.    And I will at this point recognize Chairman Upton.    Mr. Pitts. The Chair thanks the gentleman.    I now recognize the chairman of the full committee, Mr. Upton, 5 minutes for his questions.    Mr. Pitts. The Chair yields back.    Now we recognize the ranking member of the full committee, Mr. Pallone, for his questions.    Mr. Pitts. The gentleman's time has expired.    We are voting on the floor. We still have 13 minutes, so we will continue. And the Chair recognizes the vice chairman of the full committee, Mrs. Blackburn, 5 minutes of questions.    Mr. Pitts. The Chair thanks the gentlelady and now recognizes the gentlelady from California, Mrs. Capps, 5 minutes for questions.    Mr. Pitts. The Chair thank the gentlelady, and now recognize the chair emeritus of the full committee, Mr. Barton, 5 minutes of questions.    Mr. Pitts. The gentleman's time has expired.    The Chair recognizes the gentlelady from Illinois, Ms. Schakowsky, 5 minutes for her questions.    Mr. Pitts. The Chair thank the gentlelady.    We have no time left. There are 100 people who still haven't voted. So we will recess for five votes on the floor. We will reconvene approximately 5:20. The subcommittee stands in recess.    Mr. Pitts. All right. The subcommittee hearing will reconvene. And the Chair recognizes the vice chairman of the Health Subcommittee, Mr. Guthrie, 5 minutes for questions.    Mr. Pitts. The Chair thanks the gentleman.    Now recognize the gentlelady from Florida, Ms. Castor, 5 minutes for questions.    Mr. Pitts. Without objection, these will be made part of the record.    Mr. Pitts. The gentleman's time has expired.    The Chair recognizes the gentleman, Dr. Murphy, 5 minutes for questions.    Mr. Pitts. Did you say you wanted to submit that for the record? I didn't understand.    Mr. Pitts. All right. The Chair thanks the gentleman and now recognizes Ms. Matsui, 5 minutes for questions.    Mr. Pitts. The Chair thanks the gentlelady, and now recognizes Dr. Burgess, 5 minutes for questions.    Mr. Pitts. Without objection, so ordered.    Mr. Pitts. The Chair thanks the gentleman.    I now recognize the gentleman from Massachusetts, Mr. Kennedy, 5 minutes for questions.    Mr. Pitts. Without objection, so ordered.    Mr. Pitts. The Chair thanks the gentleman.    Now recognize the gentleman from New Jersey, Mr. Lance, 5 minutes for questions.    Mr. Pitts. The Chair thanks the gentleman.    Now recognize the gentleman from California, Mr. Cardenas, 5 minutes for questions.    Mr. Pitts. Yes, it should be.    Do we have a point of parliamentary inquiry? If not, Mr. Cardenas, you are recognized.    Mr. Pitts. The gentleman yields back.    The Chair recognizes Mr. Griffith, 5 minutes for questions.    Mr. Pitts. The Chair thanks the gentleman.    Now recognize the gentleman from Florida, Mr. Bilirakis, 5 minutes for questions.    Mr. Pitts. The Chair thanks the gentleman.    Now recognize the gentleman from Missouri, Mr. Long, 5 minutes for questions.    Mr. Pitts. I thank the gentleman.    And I now recognize the gentlelady from North Carolina, Mrs. Ellmers, 5 minutes for questions.    Mr. Pitts. The Chair thanks the gentlelady.    Now recognizes the gentlelady from Colorado, Ms. DeGette, 5 minutes for questions.    Mr. Pitts. The Chair thanks the gentlelady.    Dr. Murphy, you can respond briefly.    Mr. Pitts. The Chair thanks the gentleman.    Now recognize the gentleman, Dr. Bucshon, 5 minutes for questions.    Mr. Pitts. The Chair recognizes Mrs. Blackburn.    Mr. Pitts. The Chair thanks the gentlelady.    Mr. Pitts. That concludes the questions of the members.    We will have some follow-up questions that we will send to you in writing. We ask that you please respond promptly.    I remind members that they have 10 business days to submit questions for the record, and so they should submit their questions by the close of business on Thursday, October 1.    I want to thank the members, the witnesses, everyone, for staying late and long. You have been very patient, but this is a very important issue.    We have a UC request?    Mr. Pitts. Go ahead.    Mr. Pitts. Without objection, so ordered.    Mr. Pitts. And without objection, the subcommittee is adjourned.    Mr. Pitts. Go ahead.    Mr. Pitts. Without objection, so ordered.    Mr. Pitts. With that, the subcommittee is adjourned.