    Mr. Sherman. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. There are events going on the floor yesterday and today. It is not the House at a high point of bipartisanship and order, and we can argue about who's to blame.    But when we come into this room, Mr. Chairman, we do see a high point of bipartisanship and order and the credit, clearly, goes to you and the ranking member. The ranking member cannot be here, at least at the beginning of this hearing, and I have an improvised opening statement. I had nothing prepared walking in so let us see whether any of these comments are helpful.    First in this issue we face the issue of whether to take down the terrorist message or leave it up and monitor, and I want to say almost always take it down.    First, the theory of fast and furious, let them take the guns and we will monitor what happens with the guns did not work then and the idea of let them leave the dangerous site up and let us monitor what happens may not work in the future.    But in addition, the terrorists know we are watching and they have decided--and they have been pretty good at this--that putting their message up publically is helpful notwithstanding the fact that we are monitoring it.    We ought to take it down. That means we need the coordination and cooperation of the industry. It was just about a year ago that Chairman Royce, Ranking Member Eliot Engel, Ted Poe, and I called upon Twitter to update its terms of service and take the terrorist message off Twitter.    Twitter was reluctant a bit at first but in April 2015 Twitter announced changes to their terms of service, added a new language to its stance on abusive behavior and adding the words ``threatening or promoting terrorism'' and they have substantially improved.    I should note that since Twitter changed its policies the terrorists have been forced onto other systems. Their tactic now involves direct messaging. I view that as a step forward. We closed off an efficient way to reach many people and now they have to try to use a less efficient system. But we now have to stop these direct messages.    We also have to focus on their encrypted chat apps--Telegram, Surespot, Theema--which seemed to have been created precisely for the market of people who want to evade law enforcement and I wonder why such products exist.    Next issue, and one that I have talked in this room an awful lot about, is the need to have people who know the language of the people we are trying to influence and I don't just mean studied Arabic in college. I mean a cultural understanding and an understanding of Islamic theology, Islamic jurisprudence, and Islamic history. Again and again the State Department has testified in this room that they don't have anybody who they have hired specifically because that person has the expertise in those areas whereas they have dozens of experts in arcane European diplomatic law as if the Austro-Hungarian Empire is the greatest concern of American foreign policy.    I am not saying that we should be issuing fatwas out of the State Department but we ought to have somebody who has read 1,000 fatwas working in the State Department and someone who knows the difference between what is accepted as a good hadith and what is not.    And the reason for this as our target audience is people who think they might want to kill innocent women and children. These are people who start from a very bizarre mindset. They are thinking of becoming terrorists.    They don't necessarily see the world the way we do translated into Arabic or translated into another language. These are people for whom evil consists--the word evil may not include killing a Yazidi family or torturing people or throwing gay people off of tall buildings.    They may live in a world where they think the Koran says that is what you're supposed to do. We have to have people that can go into that world. Not just the cyber world but the psychological world, and demonstrate to them that this is a perversion of Islam that has been focused by the terrorists.    For staffing, we need to look at whether it should be uniform military or civilian or some new status that is in between. And finally, Mr. Chairman, what happens over there comes over here. What happens in Raqqa doesn't stay in Raqqa.    An important part of turning back the cyberterrorist threat is to deal with ISIS on the ground and that will require changing and the administration is beginning to change the rules of engagement so that we can hit strategic targets, doing our best to avoid civilian casualties but not with the view that a single civilian casualty--the possibility of one stops any particular attack.    The ranking member has a statement prepared for delivery and I request that we make it part of the record.    Mr. Sherman. I yield back.    Mr. Sherman. Thank you. A couple of points I would want to make from the ranking member's opening statements.    The administration has created the Center for Strategic Counter Terrorism Communications. In assessing its success, we have to turn to experts and your guesses because there is no way to count the number of people who might have joined a terrorist organization but for the fact that they were persuaded not to do so.    The CSCC is--the administration now is turning that into the Global Engagement Center. The counter messaging provisions of Speaker Ryan's new national security action plan echo the administration's efforts and I think demonstrate bipartisanship.    The budget is policy. Since 2013, the budget of this effort has grown from $5 million to a 2017 request for $21.5 million. Is that enough money, realizing that this is just one part of our antiterrorism effort?    So I will ask all three witnesses. Is $21.5 million enough? Anybody think it is too much?    Mr. Sherman. Obviously.    Mr. Sherman. Give me a quantitative answer. We have to move on to another question. Anybody have a quantitative?    Mr. Sherman. Okay. I am going to go back to this theme that we need to understand Islam at the State Department and the organizations that it funds. Just as one example, I was teaching my young daughter the Gettysburg Address, four score and seven.    Now, you can translate that. Any Chinese scholar could translate four score and seven as meaning 87. But only someone who understood Christianity and as it was practiced in the United States at that time and the King James Bible would hear the echoes of religious thought in calling it four score and seven rather than 87.    Are there people engaged in this effort, funded by the State Department, that can really hear the allusions to the similar echoed cadence of Islamic theology in the message that's going out? Or are these people who, when they hear four score and seven, translate that as 87 and figure that's the number between 86 and 88? Dr. Lobel.    Mr. Sherman. I want to go--I think both Dr. Neumann and Dr. Lobel have alluded to the idea that we need to get individuals involved and I would say even volunteers involved.    The State Department needs 14 levels of review to send out a tweet. If you're an officially funded by the State Department grantee you only need six levels of review before you can send out a tweet.    If you're a volunteer, you do a tweet. There are many millions of Muslims and people from Muslim countries--Christians, Yazidis and others--who understand the culture who would like to be engaging.    We need to give them the tools and the encouragement. I am not aware of any effort that said, you know, not just if you see something say something but dedicate 5 hours a week of your time.    The other thing that's missing here is if you look at my Web browser and you see that I visited Islamic terrorist chat rooms, I probably don't go on the no-fly list. I am a member of this committee.    My Muslim friends, their browser history has all--so we need a system by which people can register the fact that they are on our side, that they are trying to engage the terrorists, even provide a copy of what they are doing to some agency of government so that they feel free.    Because I assume that any Muslim-American who engaged creatively one on one in a chat room would say some things that a prosecutor could put him in jail for.    You've got to start with the idea of saying well, gee, maybe--I understand that maybe you're thinking of going to Syria and killing lots of people.    Well, I know where you're coming from but have you thought about this? That might be an effective argument. It might also get you in front of a jury saying why did you tell somebody it is reasonable to even consider going to----    So is--I assume our witnesses will confirm there is no organized way for someone who wants to volunteer in this cyber war to make sure they don't go to jail. Dr. Neumann.    Mr. Sherman. Google could just do this on their own because I will tell you right now whoever wins that contest is somebody Google wants as an intern.    So maybe a few of us--maybe you could draft a letter for a few of us to endorse not only to Google but 10 others and let us try to get some internships.