    Mrs. Davis. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And thank you all very much for being here, for your service, particularly General Keane, and for your insights.    I want to actually turn to something that maybe we have a little more control over, and that is the reporting mechanism.    And, Mr. Wittes, you talked about that.    General Keane, you yourself mentioned in your remarks or in the article that we were 3 years into a failing strategy with the war in Iraq, and you talked about the adaptiveness, and I appreciate that, in terms of our military.    But I guess I am looking for what language you think is appropriate in terms of the reporting mechanism to the Congress? Because there are a few of us who were here at that time and, I don't know, how do you think we did?    How did we do in terms of that oversight role? Because if we were 3 years into a failing strategy, had difficulty asking the questions, and, frankly, a great deal of difficulty getting answers, what is it that we need to do now?    Mrs. Davis. And in a way, I mean, we are saying associated forces, but not including persons, as in the 2001, as well.    Mrs. Davis. Yes.    Time is running out. Mr. Chesney, I appreciate that you would agree with that.    General Keane, can you comment on the reporting and the role of the Congress, and again, these 3 years into a failing----    General Keane. I don't have any problem with reporting requirements. I do believe the mechanism for oversight of military force being applied is already here, and your committee is central--central to that. I think it really has much to do with the rigor of that.    The 3-year failed strategy we had in Iraq, I don't suggest that the committee probably would have uncovered initially that the strategy was not going to work, but I think when the evidence was there that it was not working I think the committee does bear some responsibility to do thorough assessments. If these are the goals and objectives we are trying to achieve, how are we doing against these goals and objectives? And then that kind of analysis was there and there was evidence that the strategy was failing.    So I think the mechanism is really already here. I think it has to do with rolling up the sleeves and doing rigorous assessment and analysis.    Mrs. Davis. Thank you.    The Chairman. Thank you.    Mr. Wilson.