    Mr. Collins. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I want to take just a moment to sort of broaden out the picture just a little bit, and I think it's what we're looking at and this is sort of an open question to all.    I think we all can understand that China, and with even the last comments Mr. Horton said, is very protectionist, very looking after theirself, but yet at the same time wanting to aggressively market everywhere else in the world. Okay. We can understand that even from a capitalist standpoint in looking at that.    The problem I'm looking at is, especially in this area of IP, I mean, this is a country that have its own, quote, State-owned business moving factories out of Mainland China to other areas in the Middle East to keep their own theft from occurring. So I think we've got an issue here, but I have just a general question, and it was mentioned in a couple of your comments.    In the area of trade, in the area of working with the world, with the negotiations of the TPP and with the past few years of the AML, what do we see in China in regard--have you seen an uptick in the protectionism--I know I have seen in some areas--in maybe a response to the other countries and the TPP? I'd like to get your--just a perspective, maybe an overall perspective on that. And anybody wants to start. Ms. Secretary or whoever wants to start.    Mr. Cohen.    Mr. Collins. Right.    Mr. Collins. Right.    Mr. Collins. And I want to just bring that up, and again, feel free, as a matter of discussion. But you could probably--with it being an innovative economy, I think, are we seeing other problems here when you're looking even outside and even internal estimates of their growth and the issues of their economic growth, which is, at best, stagnating, at best, from the norms of where they were basically governing. What are we seeing when you're saying innovation and--where are we seeing the innovation? It still seems that they're copying a great deal and then protecting it as it comes along. Is that an unfair statement, especially in a restrictive economy at this point?    Mr. Collins. Right.    Mr. Collins. Well, and I think that's what we're seeing.    Mr. Horton and Mr. Heather, I'd like to say this. The interest is not--to me, creativity, and what we talk about in this Committee a lot, is creativity is thinking something new. Creativity is not seeing my pencil and then making another--copying it and painting it red instead of yellow and calling it creative. That's not creative. And I think that's some of the concern.    But the other concern is using--and I'd like to hear from the two here, is taking this idea of protection but also then taking companies that have made innovative strides, have went into China to actually work, becoming--where it becomes more of an economic disincentive, they're saying you're taking over and then we're--basically, all we're doing is rate manipulation at that point.    Mr. Heather and then Mr. Horton, I'd like to hear your comments on that.    Mr. Collins. Okay. Mr. Horton.    Mr. Collins. Mr. Chairman, I yield back.