    Mr. Huizenga. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I apologize that I had to step out. I have had some visiting constituents and wanted to make sure that I understood where my fellow Subcommittee Chair was headed. And I think we are kind of on the same path and direction.    I do want to, at some point, Mr. Woodall, get back to your written testimony, which I found very fascinating, and I have a couple of questions there.    But I would like to also see a show of hands. Who here believes that Congress has the right to understand how FSOC makes its determination decisions? So if you believe that Congress should--okay. The record will reflect that all of you believe that is an important part.    I would like to get a sense of what materials FSOC members reviewed before making final determinations. And are there memoranda, other materials prepared by FSOC staff that you rely on to make your decisions?    Who here is willing to share that? If you would give me a show of hands, if you would raise your hand, who is willing to share that with us?    Nobody? Okay. Let me repeat the first question, I guess.    Mr. Huizenga. Sure, Mr. Massad.    Mr. Huizenga. Sure.    Mr. Huizenga. Okay. And maybe that is not even public meeting. Maybe that is a private meeting being able to share that.    So, Mr. Gruenberg?    Mr. Huizenga. Sure.    Mr. Huizenga. That sometimes takes longer than the timeframe, if you haven't noticed around here.    Mr. Huizenga. So you believe that Congress has the right to review FSOC's deliberative materials.    Mr. Huizenga. Those are two very different things. Okay.    Mr. Huizenga. Sure. And if we can do that and whether there are certain things that--what I don't want are redacted sheets that look like they are blacked out all the way. What I am looking for is a venue then for us to be able to review to understand. Because frankly, I think if you hear a lot of questioning on both sides of the aisle, we simply do not understand.    Mr. Woodall?    Mr. Huizenga. Okay.    Mr. Watt?    Mr. Huizenga. You have sat on this side of the microphone and know that sometimes it takes far too long to get responses.    Mr. Huizenga. I fully understand. So, I would love to have it. But you all just raised your hands. And since you are the voting members, you all said we have a right to this. So, let's come up with a collaborative way of finding out how we are going to do that.    Mr. Woodall, quickly, I was fascinated in your written testimony about how you had been prevented from ``being in the room'' with international insurance policymakers.    A number of us did a trip to Switzerland back about 2 months ago. They seemed genuinely surprised that Congress was not up to speed on exactly what team USA is saying and doing in that room.    And also I would--as we were indicating, many of us, both sides of the aisle again, that were on this strip, supportive of your involvement in that. They seemed genuinely perplexed that someone with insurance expertise was not being allowed to be a part of that process. So quickly, if you could comment?    Mr. Huizenga. And you said that you had been supported by two of those for being in the room.    Mr. Huizenga. The third who is not supportive is?    Mr. Huizenga. Treasury?    Mr. Huizenga. I look forward to remedying this.