    Mr. Ratcliffe. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I'd like to thank the witnesses for being here today to talk about this very important issue. The 700,000 Texans that I have the opportunity to represent, like most Americans, are deeply concerned about the impacts of illegal immigration in this country.    Before coming to Congress, I had the opportunity to serve many of these same constituents in my role as the United States attorney for the Eastern District of Texas. Back in April of 2008 in that role, I arrested some 300 illegal aliens that had committed Social Security fraud and identity theft against hard-working Americans. Now, my actions in that regard were not a matter of choice. I had taken an oath to faithfully execute the laws of the United States. That, by the way, is the same oath that the President takes, to faithfully execute the laws of the United States.    And so many of my constituents are frustrated with what they are seeing right now as a willful disregard for the rule of law in this--in this country. And, given that broader context, my constituents are concerned that the 14th Amendment that we're talking about today, the citizenship clause of the Constitution, is interpreted in a way that gives children of illegal aliens citizenship at birth.    So many of the folks that I represent feel that the current policy encourages folks to come to the United States solely for that purpose, and there is ample evidence out there of this fact. Just back in March, the Wall Street Journal reported that Federal agents had raided several sites in California that were connected to different multimillion dollar birth tourism businesses or anchor baby businesses. And I think Mr. Eastman, I believe, or maybe Mr. Ferre talked about the fact that this is an industry where maybe 350,000 to 400,000 children are being born to illegal immigrants in the United States, and that just really brings this issue into focus for so many.    So I'd like to start, Mister--Dr. Eastman, with a question for you. I've understood your testimony to be here today the same as Mr. Graglia and Mr. Feere that Congress does have, in your opinion, the ability to deal with this issue statutorily, as Mr. King would like to do, as opposed to requiring a constitutional amendment. Is that correct?    Mr. Ratcliffe. All right. So, given that, I'd like to--for you to comment on the importance, from your perspective, of Congress moving forward and settling this issue once and for all and exercising its constitutionally provided power over naturalization.    Mr. Ratcliffe. Thank you, Dr. Eastman.    Mr. Cohen had testified earlier and talked about--and I'm quoting here, the ``principle of citizenship by birth that is as old as this nation'' and cited in connection with an 1830 Supreme Court case, Inglis v. Trustees of Sailor's Snug Harbor. Are you familiar about that case at all?    Mr. Ratcliffe. Okay. And so do you agree with Mr. Cohen's testimony?    Mr. Ratcliffe. Thank you, Dr. Eastman.    Gentlemen, I appreciate all of you being here. I have questions for all of you, but they didn't give me enough time.    So I will yield back.