    Mr. MCDERMOTT. Thank you, Mr. Chairman and Mr. Chairman Brady. I know it is election season and we have to have hearings like this. I am not sure--I don't know if this is on CSPAN or not, but it is a good time to get some footage of you defending something or other for your campaign commercials. And I really am glad we are holding this. It gives everybody a chance to get up on TV.    The legislating that we will be discussing should be scrutinized carefully. And I hope we can make some constructive conversation today, although I am not sure how much questioning there will actually be. There needs to be tough questions asked at each of these bills.    At the heart of our analysis what must be is a careful examination of what these bills do to the health security of the American people. We must also consider the impact these bills will have on the sustainability of our health care system. Proposals that undermine the reforms provided by the Affordable Care Act will weaken health security by taking coverage away from working families, and the proposals that carve unnecessary holes in the Tax Code deprive the Federal Government of the needed revenue to make the system sustainable. None of these ideas should get a free pass.    As the Ways and Means Committee, it is our duty to analyze and scrutinize the legislation that comes before us. We can't gloss over the important facts, such as the fact that unpaid-for tax breaks add billions to the deficit, or that political attacks on the ACA undermine health care reform.    Today's hearing is just the first step in what should be an ongoing process. I saw on Sunday's paper that it is now costing people $2,000 more a year on their hospital bills because of consolidation. We ought to be looking at issues like that, as well.    I hope that it might be even an opportunity to fulfill my Republicans--colleagues' unrealized promise of a return to regular order. Chairman Brady has mentioned it, and I think it is the only way this Congress is going to get back to a functioning stance.    Returning to regular order means we listen to ideas, some good, some bad, and make informed decisions that are the product of careful debate. Holding this Members Day is not enough. It is a nice start, but substantive legislative hearings, markups, amendments, and further debate will allow us to take a hard look at these proposals and find ways to improve them.    There is something that has been missing from the Congress and that this--and for this Committee for some time. I look forward to learning more about the legislation our witnesses will discuss this morning, and I intend to ask tough questions about these ideas. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.