    Mr. Nadler. I thank the Chairman.    And I thank the Attorney General.    Madam Attorney General, in the immediate aftermath of the terrorist attacks on September 11, 2001, the Department of Justice established and oversaw a victims' compensation fund that provided more than $7 billion to families who lost loved ones on that day.    In the years after the attacks, it became clear that thousands of first responders and survivors continued to suffer major health consequences from the attacks and their aftermath. Thousands of lawsuits were filed against contractors and others by these victims.    In 2010, Congress enacted the James Zadroga Act, which provided essential healthcare services to those in need and reopened the Victim Compensation Fund to those families whose losses became apparent after September 11, providing them an alternative to litigation. In the last 5 years, the Victim Compensation Fund has provided nearly 6,300 first responders and survivors with $1.4 billion in compensation determinations. Since we enacted the bill, I am aware of no further 9/11-related lawsuits.    Despite its current success, on September 30, 2015, Congress allowed the VCF and the World Trade Center Health Program to expire. Fortunately, there is legislation pending in the House to permanently reauthorize the Victim Compensation Fund and the World Trade Center Health Program. The bill now has the cosponsorship of 247 cosponsors, a majority of the House, including more than 50 Republicans, and a filibuster-proof majority in the Senate, with 65 cosponsors.    If Congress fails to act, thousands of first responders and survivors will lose access to compensation on which they depend to support their families when they are tragically gone. The VCF is preparing to shutter its operations once it has processed existing claims. If the VCF is not fully funded and reauthorized, the first responders and survivors who have already received the notice of their compensation could actually see that amount cut by up to 50 percent.    We are literally talking about taking money out of the hands of a sick police officer. I am deeply saddened to think that is how Congress plans to remember the heroes of 9/11.    Attorney General Lynch, do you agree that this is not the proper way to honor the heroes of 9/11? Don't you think that 9/11 survivors and the firefighters and police officers who risked their own lives to save them and have suffered health consequences because of it deserve the full support of the American people and a fully funded Victim Compensation Fund?    Attorney General Lynch. Thank you, Mr. Congressman.    This is, indeed, an important issue. Of course, we will always be deeply indebted to those first responders and brave men and women who risked their lives to search for and recover victims, to remove debris at the site, to carry out the recovery efforts at Ground Zero at 9/11.    It certainly is an important issue to me both as Attorney General and as someone who was in New York on 9/11 and who had friends and former colleagues who were in that group of those who were on the scene and who were involved in those activities. This is, in fact, a serious issue for those who were affected by it, and I greatly appreciate your expression of compassion for those who have fallen ill.    With respect to the bill that is currently pending, certainly, on behalf of the Department of Justice, we would do all that we could to work with you to make sure if there were any questions or issues they could be addressed. And we hope that there would be none.    This is, indeed, an important issue. And, again, I think it is something that deserves, certainly, strong review, serious consideration. And please let us know how the Department can be of assistance to any of the Members as they consider this important issue.    Mr. Nadler. Well, thank you.    As you may know, Chairman Goodlatte and others on the Judiciary Committee have introduced legislation to reopen the VCF. Unfortunately, their bill would open the fund only temporarily and would authorize very limited funding. It was heavily criticized as a result.    The Zadroga bill, however, is a permanent reauthorization and has broad bipartisan support--again, 247 House cosponsors and 65 Senate cosponsors. The Zadroga bill, like the black lung program that we had for black lung survivors, like the nuclear program we had for people who were irradiated as a result of nuclear tests, is permanent, recognizing the permanent nature of their disabilities.    I hope you will thank the President for signing the original Zadroga bill into law in 2010 and do everything you can to see that this legislation is permanently reauthorized and fully funded as soon as possible.    Attorney General Lynch. Yes. Thank you, sir.    Mr. Nadler. Thank you.    I have another question on a different topic. Mr. Sensenbrenner referred and you referred to the statute that says that you can't bring Guantanamo detainees to the United States. I think the Chairman in his opening remarks commented obliquely that this might be dangerous to do so, et cetera.    My question is the following: Forgetting the legalities for the moment, if Guantanamo were closed, if detainees were brought to super-max security facilities, prisons in the United States, in what conceivable way could this threaten anyone's safety? In what conceivable way could housing someone in a super-max Federal prison affect the local community, especially when you're talking about 60 or 70 people, not 7,000 people, throughout the country? And has anyone ever escaped from a super-max Federal facility?    Attorney General Lynch. Well, certainly, as a tribute to the strong efforts of the Bureau of Prisons, I do not believe anyone has escaped from super-max.    Mr. Nadler. Ever.    Attorney General Lynch. As far as I know, they have never escaped from super-max. And, certainly, the men and women at the Bureau of Prisons are dedicated professionals and do everything in their power to run that institution in a way that protects the American people but also contains the security issues therein.    With respect to your question, Congressman, it certainly is difficult to say. Obviously, I have the greatest pride and respect for the brave men and women of the Bureau of Prisons. Indeed, I feel that the men and women of the entire Department of Justice can do anything. So, certainly, I think that they are up to any task that is assigned to them. And, of course, we look forward to working with Congress to consider these issues should such a change be made.    Mr. Nadler. And so in other words, the summary of your testimony is that bringing people to supermax prisons would pose no danger to anyone in communities or in the United States.    Attorney General Lynch. Well, Mr. Congressman, certainly I am not in a position to say that any prisoner poses no danger ever. We certainly have the security regulations over a host of dangerous inmates for very, very significant reasons. But I am of course tremendously proud of the work of the men and women of the Bureau of Prisons.    And of course this issue is one that is before Congress. I believe it is going up, as has been indicated to the White House. And we would work with Congress with respect to whatever decisions are made in providing information that could best inform its decisions.    Mr. Nadler. Thank you. I see my time has expired.