    Mr. Griffith. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Governor, I know you have to get power, and that is a problem for a lot of states as we press forward. I will assure you that we can ship you all the coal from southwest Virginia that the Federal Government will allow you to use. And Ohio. Can't leave out my good friend, Mr. Johnson. And West Virginia, and for my colleague who spoke earlier.    That being said, we have, in my opinion, unreasonable regulations on the use of coal, unreasonable timetable on a number of the new regulations coming into effect. And so the natural gas companies, I understand why they are doing it. They are proposing all kinds of pipelines be built, not just in your area, but they have a number that are coming through western Virginia. And so, Ms. Miles, that raises a lot of questions that I have for you this morning.    The pre-filing review phase is not mandatory for natural gas pipelines. Should it be?    Ms. Miles. You are correct, and that is something that we actually have wondered about ourselves. I think that there are any number of small pipelines that it is not necessary to have it, so should the Congress decide that is a place they want to go, we would need to have the ability to have the smaller projects not involved in it because that would slow it down for projects----    Mr. Griffith. Perhaps----    Ms. Miles . That don't need it.    Mr. Griffith. Perhaps you can make a suggestion and that can be incorporated into this draft in that regard. As a part of that, you are holding scoping meetings. In my district, as well as in others in western Virginia, it has come to our attention that--and I know it is a longer section of pipeline, but the greater population is perhaps in the Roanoke and New River Valleys, and FERC only had two for the Mountain Valley Pipeline--two public hearings or scoping meetings in the Roanoke and New River Valleys, had four in West Virginia. The Roanoke Board of County Supervisors has requested an additional one. And I would say to you that Congressman Goodlatte and myself have submitted a letter requesting that you all hold another scoping meeting in regard to the Mountain Valley Pipeline, and would appreciate if you would look into that.    As you know, I represent from Roanoke, all the way through the west of southwestern Virginia, the Allegheny Islands, and Southside. Congressman Goodlatte represents that area from Roanoke north, including Mary Baldwin, where I understand that you are an alumni.    Ms. Miles. Yes.    Mr. Griffith. But it is concerning. One of the pipelines actually goes through Augusta County. And so we have 2 that are currently on the drawing board, I think a third is about to be there. There may be a fourth. This morning in the Roanoke Times, there is an op-ed piece by Rupert Cutler, and he indicates that as a part of your commission, that preparation of a single regional environmental impact statement, incorporating all of the pipelines in the region, should be done. Are you all doing that with these various pipelines, because it is of concern to the region because not only do you have the typical problems, but you have the Blue Ridge Parkway, the Appalachian Trail, a number of national forestlands that have to be crossed by these various pipelines?    Ms. Miles. I am not prepared to discuss particular projects this morning, but we certainly will take all comments into consideration when we make decisions about them.    Mr. Griffith. Is Mr. Cutler, a former member of the Roanoke City Council and an environmentalist, is he correct that it is a part of your charge though to prepare a single rational environmental impact statement incorporating all of the regional pipelines?    Ms. Miles. Our responsibility is to analyze all the pipelines, and it is not defined how we do it, but under the National Environmental Policy Act, we need to analyze the issues, give everyone the opportunity to comment on them, display that so the public can comment on it before making any decision.    Mr. Griffith. He also asserts that you all have to look at the marketplace, and with all of the different pipelines being proposed now in an attempt to figure out a way that by 2020, we have to start replacing coal if the Clean Power Plan continues to go forward as expected, are you all looking at whether or not we have pipelines stepping over each other, and that we will have a greater capacity than is necessary? Is that part of your charge, and I am going to ask for a yes-or-no answer on that, is it just part of your charge? Because I am running out of time?    Ms. Miles. Yes, we need to look at whether there are shippers that have been--have signed up for the capacity to move that----    Mr. Griffith. OK.    Ms. Miles . Transportation.    Mr. Griffith. And then one of the concerns I have is, we have had a lot of people upset by these various pipelines, and particularly in the Mountain Valley Pipeline. It started off coming through Montgomery and Floyd and Henry in my district, and part of Robert Hurt's district in Franklin County. Now it is looking like it is going to go through Craig and Roanoke Counties, and then go through Franklin and Henry. A lot of folks have been distressed because it looks like they just put a line on the page. Can you encourage the companies to do a little more preplanning, and not have such large shifts? We are not talking about just within a small border, we are talking about, you know, completely different counties being involved, different Board of Supervisors, different folks who have to be involved. Could you please encourage that as they move forward, they try to figure out exactly where they want to go? Or when I say exactly, I mean within a reasonable corridor----    Ms. Miles. Yes.    Mr. Griffith . Before they start putting a lot of folks in distress whose land may be taken under eminent domain.    Ms. Miles. That is a part of the pre-filing process is to work through with the companies where they are, and to work with the public and their thoughts and understanding of where is the appropriate siting.    Mr. Griffith. OK. I appreciate it very much.    I yield back.    Mr. Griffith. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Appreciate it.    Mr. Santa, I believe you may have heard my questions with the prior panel, and so you know that I am concerned about placement of gas pipelines, but I want to talk to you about the need for gas pipelines because that is the driving force behind all of this, particularly in those areas that have relied on coal to produce their electricity. With the myriad of different regulations that the EPA has proposed, many of those power generating companies, the electric company as we know it back home, are having to turn to natural gas, isn't that true?    Mr. Griffith. And as a result of that, and looking forward at the impact of the closing of many coal-fired power electric generation units, many of those, particularly in the Southeast and the East, are looking at using natural gas instead, isn't that also true?    Mr. Griffith. And as a result of that, there are some serious concerns across the industry that if the natural gas pipelines are not built in a quick manner, or brought to bear fairly soon, we will have a problem with either rolling brownouts or possibly even blackouts in many parts of the East and Southwest, is that not also true?    Mr. Griffith. And, of course, it is one of the reasons why I support legislation that would cut the Clean Power Plan off until the litigation is over because it is going to create huge problems for electric generation companies across the United States, but particularly in the Southeast and the East. And I have serious questions about the legality of the EPA's interpretation--I should say their new interpretation, not their original interpretation of Section 111(d). And so that is one of the big drivers and the reason that right now there are as many as four, I know of at least two, a third that I have heard about, and a fourth that has been indicated in an article today, looking at gas pipelines in my region, and that is what is driving all of this, isn't that what you would indicate to us?    Mr. Griffith. Well, and the natural gas pipeline--the natural gas price being low is a factor to be considered in that, and that is what is driving that new manufacturing demand as well, isn't it?    Mr. Griffith. And so if we are going to have more good-paying jobs, if we are going to have electricity in our homes, whether I agree with the EPA's regulations or not, we are going to need natural gas pipelines, isn't that correct?    Mr. Griffith. Now, that being said, how can we do this in a better fashion because--and I would submit one of those would be to give a better timeline on the EPA regulations, if they are found legal, which I don't think they will be, but what can we do to do a better job, because the decision on the ground suddenly has folks in their yard trying to figure out where they are going to place a pipeline, and one month it is in one county, and the next month it is in another county. And it has really got a lot of folks, I think, legitimately upset that they are about to lose their family farm or their home, or their area of concern, nearby them. And how can we allay those fears for the general public?    Mr. Griffith. And I am assuming that my region is not alone in having a number of proposals being made because we are going to have to move a lot of gas around the country. And of course, we had the Governor of Maine in here, requesting that we facilitate that somehow to get the gas to them, or to allow them to hook-up to electricity either at the hydro side or from Canada.    Ms. Elefant, do you think FERC is equipped to take a look at the big picture and decide if they need to have two, three, or four pipelines passing through the western part of Virginia?    Mr. Griffith. My time is up. I yield back, Mr. Chairman.