    Mr. Braniff. Chairman Thornberry, Ranking Member Smith, and esteemed members of the committee, I would like to thank you on behalf of the START Consortium for inviting us to speak with you today.    In 2013, over 22,000 people were killed in nearly 8,500 terrorist attacks. When START releases the full Global Terrorism Database dataset for 2014, we anticipate it will include over 15,000 terrorist attacks.    Our preliminary data from the first 9 months of 2014 suggests that 7 of the 10 most lethal groups in 2014 were violent jihadist groups. And ISIL , among them, conducted more terrorist attacks than any other terrorist organization.    The trend lines over the last few years are largely driven by two factors: first, the proliferation of groups associated with Al Qaeda in hotspots around the world; and, second, the rise of ISIL and its strategy of escalation through sectarian violence.    What we have, therefore, is the makings of a global competition involving the most violent terrorist organizations in the world. This is even more troubling when one considers that both the theoretical and empirical work in the terrorism studies field suggests that competition among terrorist groups is one of the most important predictors of increasing lethality over time.    To better understand this competition and its implications, I would like to contrast the operations and strategies of Al Qaeda and its associated movement, or AQAM, with those of ISIL.    Al Qaeda is waging a protracted war of attrition against the West, specifically aiming to bleed the United States. If they are able to attrite the American economic, military, or political will to remain engaged in the Muslim world, local jihadists can overpower apostate regimes and establish what they would consider to be proper theocracies.    To wage this war of attrition, Al Qaeda has sent operatives into conflict zones across the world to reorient the violence of militant organizations and individuals, refocusing their wrath on far-enemy targets, like Western embassies or tourist destinations.    Al Qaeda seeks to use spectacular mass-casualty attacks to incite heavy-handed military responses from Western and apostate governments that seemingly evidence the war on Islam that Al Qaeda portrays in its propaganda, thereby polarizing the Muslim and the non-Muslim worlds and enabling jihadists to mobilize for a civilizational conflict.    ISIL is not currently waging a war of attrition but one of escalation. Instead of inviting Muslim versus Western violence, it is benefiting from the resources already being mobilized by sectarian polarization that has taken place in Iraq and Syria and beyond, which it actively seeks to exacerbate. Instead of the far enemy, ISIL's military operations have focused on attacking competitors in their midst who do not submit to their ideological and organizational primacy and seizing the resources necessary to build the institutions of the caliphate.    Given this competition, there are several implications for U.S. policy and regional security.    The first: While Al Qaeda's far-enemy strategy relies on provocation to polarize and mobilize the masses, ISIL is ratcheting up already-elevated levels of sectarian tension in the post-Arab Spring world. The continued presence of the Assad regime in Syria serves as a more salient rallying cry for ISIL than for AQAM, and broad anti-Assad sentiment in Sunni-majority countries helps to dampen those governments' responses to both ISIL and groups like Jabhat al-Nusra, an Al Qaeda affiliate.    As sectarian tensions remain high, ISIL and aligned jihadist groups will foster and exploit those tensions. ISIL veterans will travel to new fronts outside of Iraq and Syria, bringing their escalation strategy and sectarianism with them.    In a worst-case scenario, this contagion effect runs the risk of inciting a sectarian civil war in the Muslim world, relegating the West to the role of observer, poorly positioned to take any meaningful action to protect itself or others.    In addition, every new ISIL front opens up a new set of grievance narratives and a new set of mobilization pathways for terrorist organizations seeking to radicalize and recruit foreign fighters.    Three, both ISIL and AQAM have incentives to conduct attacks against the West as part of this competition. For ISIL, attacks against the West can be used as a form of deterrence, making foreign countries think twice or pay the price for large-scale military interventions in Iraq and Syria.    We cannot be fooled into thinking that Al Qaeda's focus on the caliphate prevents them from actively seeking the capability to conduct attacks against the homeland. For Al Qaeda and its associated movement, ISIL's antagonist rise to prominence has created a crisis of legitimacy, incentivizing them to use far-enemy attacks to regain the spotlight.    Furthermore, if ISIL continues to murder Muslims and overstep its bounds, as we have recently seen with respect to the murder of a Jordanian pilot, Al Qaeda and its associated movement might wind up looking more legitimate and mainstream by comparison as long as they remain focused on the true enemies of Islam, the West. We cannot take, therefore, take pressure off of AQAM.    To conclude, we are seeing an escalating competition among violent Sunni extremist groups at a time when sectarian tensions are high and many governments' hold on legitimacy is weak. It is essential, therefore, that any U.S. strategy prioritizes working with Sunni nations and communities to marginalize violent Sunni extremists.    To do this, the U.S. must find a way to ease sectarian tensions and earn the trust of our Sunni partners, allowing them to focus their attention on marginalizing groups like ISIL and AQAM.    Thank you.    The Chairman. Thank you.    Dr. Lynch.    Mr. Braniff. Mr. Chairman, if you compared the most violent terrorist organizations in 2013 to those in 2014, the level of violence from ISIL, the Taliban, Shabaab, Boko Haram, Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula, and Tehrik-i-Taliban Pakistan have increased from between 2013 to 2014, according to preliminary data. Iraq, Afghanistan, Yemen, Somalia, and Libya have all experienced increases in terrorist violence between 2013, in our preliminary data, from 2014. Pakistan is the only, sort of, affected nation which has seen a decrease, out of the countries where Al Qaeda and its associated movement are active.    So we have seen a year-on-year increase over the last 12 months and over the 12 months before that and the 12 months before that, so the trend line is continuing to rise.    A partial explanation is that a lot of the strategy now focuses on trying to build capabilities of partner nations to deal with this issue, and that is a slow process, and so things may get worse before they get better. That is an opportunistic read of the scenario. A pessimistic read of the scenario is that these organizations have enjoyed greater safe haven in a post-Arab Spring world and have seized on the less stable governments and are exploiting that safe haven.    The Chairman. Okay.    So, Dr. Lynch, I am a little perplexed by a sentence you have in your prepared statement that says, ``The U.S. has thus far crafted an effective strategy in responding to ISIL, which has halted its momentum.''    Is that the way you see the developments over the last year or so?    Mr. Braniff. Thank you, Congresswoman.    The only thing I would add is that I mentioned the word ``sectarianism'' numerous times in my oral testimony. I find this to be a very important issue that we have to understand, that one of the ways that extremist ideologies can become more mainstream is when societies are polarized and people feel like they have to pick a side, that they have no choice but to pick a side, and the only candidates for their vote, so to speak, are extremist organizations in this very polarized environment.    So I worry about the sectarian violence in Syria being exported to other neighboring countries and creating a wider sectarian conflict. Hezbollah is one of the organizations that could be a conduit for that spread of sectarian violence. And Lebanon, as a country with a very interesting, sort of, denominational system of representation, is really the kind of country that would be vulnerable to sectarian violence going forward.    Mr. Braniff. Thank you, Mr. Congressman.    I would just reiterate START researcher Mansoor Moaddel has done extensive surveys in the Muslim world, and the Iraqi population is overwhelmingly secular in how they respond to national level polls, even within the last 2 years. And, to me, if sectarianism trumps secularism the way it has in Iraq because of these sort of identity politics that are being leveraged by groups like ISIL, we better make sure that our national strategy to address violent extremism in other places really pushes back on sectarianism because it is such a powerful force. It is a force of nature. And if we don't deal with sectarianism, all right, ISIL and AQAM and these groups have a relatively easy time forcing people to pick a side through violence.    General Flynn. Really briefly, a lot of lessons learned between the way Zarqawi operated and the way al-Baghdadi is operating. And that has been a discussion within the ranks of the Al Qaeda movement. Okay, so they learned lessons from the way Zarqawi did things, and al-Baghdadi is avoiding many of those mistakes.    And then, really, three things. Incredible levels of corruption, this is within the governments, okay, in this case, Iraq. Lack of inclusiveness, which is very real, and, you know, even though the new President that is in there now still there is not a sense of that by the people. And just the real desperate economic conditions that these people live within, and that is just, that is going to be a difficult thing to change, but it could change because these countries actually have the wealth to provide for their citizens.    Mr. Braniff. Ranking Member Smith, if I may, thank you for the question. I think the biggest difference is that they are governing. Even if they are governing poorly, most of the Al Qaeda and associated movement have never really tried to establish formal governance.    Mr. Braniff. Perhaps one metric would be the flow of foreign fighters into Iraq and Syria. Something about the way they are portraying their governance of Iraq and Syria is inspiring the largest number of foreign fighters to flow into the region. I think it is because they are, quote-unquote, living up to the righteous values that they espouse.    They are not compromising. They are seen as uncompromising. They are purifying Islam, these kinds of macho terms. And while it is horrific stuff, for the base, as Dr. Lynch mentioned, it is a rallying call and that they are calling Muslims to build the institutions of the caliphate to take part in this project of reestablishing a religious political empire. And that is empowering, even if the means by which they are governing is appalling. And it is seen as, for some, a more appealing alternative than like, as you mentioned, the Maliki government and Baghdad.    Mr. Braniff. I think, thus far, we have been dealing with issues in an ad hoc basis, and perhaps that is because of the instability associated with the Arab Spring. And, frankly, it was a pretty tumultuous few years. I think any strategy has to recognize that Al Qaeda and ISIL have----    Mr. Braniff. No, I think Al Qaeda and ISIL have pulled us into the realm of nonstate actors where we are largely forced to operate in extrajudicial terms and outside of the international system where the rules of the game are set up in our favor, and we should try to push this back into the international system where, again, we have those rules working for our favor.    Mr. Braniff. Thank you, Congressman.    So I think one thing we can do, we know that the U.S. Government is gun-shy to talk about what is moderate Islam, and what should Islam be and other leaders in the Muslim world don't always have the credibility to talk about moderating Islam and have actually that carry authority. But one thing that leaders can do is try to collectively decrease the perceived social legitimacy of violence, which is not talking about what kind of Islam is right or wrong, but it is lowering that threshold that sparks sort of revulsion against terrorist organizations so that they step over that line more quickly. And this is something that I think we can do collectively.    General Flynn. Let me add one other comment, and that has to do with the rule of law. And I think that is probably a strategic advantage that this country has. If there is one thing that we need to export around the world, not so much democracy, but the idea of rule of law, so people are governed by norms and behaviors that are acceptable internationally. And I think that that is a problem in this part of the world right now.    Mr. Braniff. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Thank you for the question. Al Shabaab conducted twice as many attacks in the first 9 months of 2014 as they did in all of 2013. Boko Haram will likely be either the most or the second most lethal terrorist organization in 2014 when we finalize our data--although they are not the most active in terms of number of attacks, which means that they are, unfortunately, quite efficient in creating fatalities per attack. And, of course, we just saw their first attack in Chad a day or so ago and continued attacks in now Cameroon. And there is another group in Nigeria that is of among the 10 most active groups of 2014, a group called the Fulani--associated with the Fulan tribes. And so what we are seeing is increased levels of terrorist attacks and fatalities, both in West Africa and in East Africa, associated with Shabaab and a lot of fluidity in North Africa.    The Chairman. Thank you. And I think it is helpful to have some objective measurements to gauge these things. They don't tell us the whole story, but they do enable us to compare, to compare trends.    The other topic we didn't really get to today which I think we need to understand better is this competition among groups. You alluded to it. We didn't quite have a chance to get to it, but I think that is a very significant factor that we have not fully explored.    But we did get to a number of things. Again, I apologize. We are getting cut short a little bit because of votes, but I very much appreciate each of you being here and assisting the committee.    And, with that, the hearing stands adjourned.