    Ms. McCormick. Thank you for the opportunity to testify today. My name is Ruth McCormick, and I am the Director of Federal and State Affairs for the Business Council for Sustainable Energy. The Council is a broad-based industry trade group, representing companies and associations in the energy efficiency, renewable energy, and natural gas industries.    Over the past several years, the United States has seen real market penetration of a wide range of sustainable energy technologies and resources, and we have witnessed the results of policies and research and development that work, but to continue the momentum of growth in these sectors, and to receive their co-benefits, long-term, stable policies will be needed to level the playing field and to provide market access. And the United States needs to continue to invest in energy research, development and demonstration to increase the efficiency of our energy generation and use, and to spur new innovations. This is important both for domestic economic growth and for U.S. competitiveness in global energy markets.    I would like to focus my testimony in two areas. First, I would like to share some of the findings from the recently released 2015 edition of the Sustainable Energy in America Fact Book. The fact book was researched and produced by Bloomberg New Energy Finance, and commissioned by the Business Council for Sustainable Energy. It is intended to be a resource for policymakers with up-to-date market information.    The second area I would like to discuss is the valuable and effective role that federal investments in the energy sector have played, and should continue to play, in the availability of new innovative energy technologies and practices.    The fact book points to the dramatic changes underway in the U.S. energy sector. The data shows that traditional energy sources are declining, and natural gas, renewable energy, and energy efficiency are on the rise. These changes are increasing the diversity of the country's energy mix, improving our energy security, cutting energy waste, increasing our energy productivity, and reducing air pollution and greenhouse gas emissions. While technology costs have fallen, market barriers and grid integration challenges continue to hinder greater use of clean energy technologies. To continue the momentum of growth, long-term, stable policies will be needed to level the playing field and to provide market access to new technologies.    Electricity markets are evolving, and the U.S. power sector, long organized around large, centralized systems, is considering distributed power options such as combined heat and power, waste heat to power, small scale renewables, and fuel cells. Other changes are also occurring in the U.S. energy sector, including the introduction of smart grid technologies for improving grid management, and a growing role for dispatchable resources such as natural gas plants, hydropower, and demand response.    Many market structures do not yet fully recognize the benefits of some of the technologies, such as energy storage, or best practices, which allow for increased flexibility of the grid. For this reason, BCSE strongly supports the continued funding of basic and applied research for clean energy technologies. This must be balanced with work on commercialization, market transformation, and other efforts to ensure that products do not sit on laboratory or university shelves, but are transferred to the private sector to achieve the intended public benefit.    There are strong analytical findings that show the overall return on federal investments in this area. For example, 3 decades of investment in extraction of natural gas from shale has led to low natural gas prices, saving households and businesses money, attracting new industrial manufacturing opportunities in the United States, and helping to create U.S. jobs. As a result of energy efficiency policies and investments, total energy use in the United States is down 2.4 percent since 2007, while gross domestic product has grown eight percent. The cost of solar PV models has fallen more than 80 percent since 2007. Thirty-two percent of new electric generating capacity came from solar in 2014, and the industry now employs nearly 175,000 workers, more than tech giants Google, Apple, Facebook and Twitter combined. These are just a few examples. The energy sector involves technologies that have been transformed over the course of more than a century, and it is critical that the U.S. Government continue to invest in advancements.    Council members look forward to working with this Committee and the federal government to ensure that public investments in these sectors are highly leveraged, effective and efficient in carrying out the intended policy aims.    Thank you.    Ms. McCormick. I think this is----    Ms. McCormick. I agree with Dr. Danielson, this is a critical time for these industries. We have seen significant cost reductions, and now is not the time to let those go.    Ms. McCormick. Well, things will have to be balanced. I think that we are looking for stable and consistent funding so that these industries can continue this momentum of growth.    Ms. McCormick. Yes, thank you. The Business Council for Sustainable Energy represents a broad range of energy technologies, so the answer to that question is unique to each industry. It is a little bit different for each one, depending on where they are and what they do. But I am hearing pretty universally from the technologies within our coalition about the need for the government to be a neutral player to help industries as they break into these markets, and some of these issues related to things like grid integration or some of these soft costs that are mentioned, for example, for some industries like the solar industry, because they do not have a financial vested interest in the electricity grid. They can sometimes share best practices from the states, and learn and share that information to other states and to other players across the country. So I think that the Department of Energy is uniquely positioned to provide that kind of technical assistance, and provide the ability for these technologies to break into the market, because the electricity sector is a regulated industry, and it has layers of regulation; the federal level, the state level, is it not an open free market, and there are reasons for that. And so the Department of Energy can offer a lot of assistance to these technologies that are not legacy technologies, but are newer and more innovative.    Ms. McCormick. Well, I do know that the wind industry is requesting and is supporting some of the funding that the Department of Energy is proposing for studying the impact on wildlife, so that they have some specific clarifications that they are looking for in the DOE budget, but obviously that is an issue that the industry is interested in seeing further research on.