    Mr. Smith. Mr. Chairman, thank you very much.    First of all, let me thank you for scheduling all of these bills, including the International Religious Freedom Act, the Frank Wolf bill, which honors a tremendous advocate for religious freedom and the author of the landmark 1998 International Religious Freedom Act.    I want to thank Eliot Engel as well, the ranking member, for working so closely with us on this important legislation.    And I would like to thank Anna Eshoo, who is the original Democratic cosponsor of the bill and a great supporter of religious freedom, especially in the Middle East. Her work has been greatly appreciated, and we have come up, I think, with a bill that will make a significant difference.    The world is experiencing an unprecedented crisis of international religious freedom, a crisis that continues to create millions of victims, a crisis that undermines liberty, prosperity, and peace, a crisis that poses a direct challenge to the U.S. interests in the Middle East, North Korea, China, and in sub-Saharan Africa.    The bill we passed almost 18 years ago needs to be updated to match the challenges of the 21st century. And, again, that is what we are doing with the legislation: Provide tools, training, and resources used by the administration to advance this universally recognized human right.    Among its many provisions--and they are mutually reinforcing provisions--it clarifies that the Ambassador-at-Large will report to the Secretary of State. Sometimes there has been a little glitch there over the years in terms of that information going right to the ears of the Secretary of State.    It creates a special watch list, not unlike what we did with the Trafficking Victims Protection Act. When a country doesn't rise to the level of a Country of Particular Concern but is a bad actor, this gives the President a way to say we are watching. And the special watch list will provide that very useful utility.    Curricula for training Foreign Service Officers so that they really do understand before deployment, especially overseas, exactly what the lay of the land is and what international religious freedom is all about.    We also include, as you pointed out, Mr. Chairman, a new designation of nonstate actors. We call them entities of particular concern. They are not countries. Boko Haram, ISIS, al-Shabaab, and others need to be focused upon for their nefarious deeds and individuals held to account to the greatest extent practicable for their horrible deeds.    CPC designations need to be made annually. There were a number of years where they were not made. And this will at least clarify that those Country of Particular Concern designations do need to be made every single year.    And then there are a number of other provisions that will, I think, significantly strengthen.    And I would ask unanimous consent that my full statement be made a part of the record, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Smith. And I would just finally say how grateful I think we all are that Mr. Trott and Mr. Deutch have really stepped up to the plate with their H.R. 3694, the Strategy to Oppose Organ Trafficking Act.    Twenty years-plus ago, I held a hearing on organ trafficking, and we actually had a man who was a part of that testify about this horrific practice of killing people in order to steal their organs and to make money for the regime in China and elsewhere. That has gotten worse and is particularly focused on the Falun Gong who have suffered disproportionately from this very shocking abuse of human rights.    So, again, I want to thank them for their wonderful bill, and it will make a difference.    I yield back.