    Ms. Bue. Thank you, Mr. Chairman and Ranking Member Sherman and the other esteemed members of this committee.    I would like to express my appreciation for your willingness to have me appear here to talk about the future of Sri Lanka. I followed it for some time and I am very grateful for the attention it is getting now.    I too would like to express my condolences to the Sri Lankan people during the cyclone that hit several months ago. I was there at the time and it was devastating to see the harm that was done to the people and their property, but I was very proud too that the United States came forward with additional aid that could help the people who suffered from those storms. So I was very happy to see that happen.    I had been asked to talk about U.S.-Sri Lanka relations. Over the last 15 years there has been an ebb and flow in terms of our engagement there.    With the election of President Sirisena and Prime Minister Wickremesinghe, there really is a new opportunity for engagement. They came into power with a platform of good governance and reconciliation, and together with that they came in with the desire to rebalance Sri Lanka's foreign policy.    What that did was open the door for the United States to engage in a wide range of opportunities for support in Sri Lanka's efforts to finally set the stage for lasting peace and it also allowed us to regain our partnership with Sri Lanka on key issues.    For its part, the Government of Sri Lanka has put forth what anyone would consider a very ambitious agenda. I look at it in terms of five pillars--their ideas about constitutional reform, economic stabilization, addressing the painful war legacy, rebuilding democratic institutions and reestablishing rule of law.    In many ways they have made great progress in the 15, 16 months since they've been in power. Importantly, they have undertaken two ambitious efforts.    One is constitutional reform where they're looking to redraft the constitution, have that presented to the Parliament at the end of the year and then thereafter follow it with a referendum.    The other and perhaps more important was Sri Lanka's agreement at the U.N. Human Rights Council meeting to agree to the resolution on reconciliation and transitional justice. That, I believe, is a historic event, particularly given the history of the Rajapaksa regime.    The other thing I would like to note on the Government of Sri Lanka's part is the tone it has taken with regard to ethnic issues and how different that is from the Rajapaksa regime.    I know some of what they are doing is very symbolic but it has been meaningful to people in Sri Lanka. The national anthem, for example, on Independence Day being sung in Tamil was a very big deal to many Tamils.    I met with Chief Justice Wickremesinghe and he was very moved by that fact. On Remembrance Day, which used to be called Victory Day, they held no parades and that, I think, was a testament to the Sri Lankan Government's intentions with regard to reconciliation.    In turn, for all of this the United States has stepped up its engagement as well. Soon after the elections, they had a number of high-level visits. They developed the idea of a new U.S.-Sri Lankan partnership dialogue. The U.S. was very instrumental at the Human Rights Council meeting.    In terms of the resolution we have increased assistance. Forty million dollars, I believe, is what Secretary Kerry offered during his visit in May 2015 and we engaged a bit on military to military engagement and, of course, are looking at economic opportunities.    Having traveled to Sri Lanka several--at least four times in the last 9 months, I did want to offer some caution in the sense that while we are very excited about how U.S.-Sri Lanka relations are going and the direction they are taking, there are clouds in terms of how the Sri Lankan Government can move forward.    They face a lot of challenges in trying to implement their wide ambitious agenda. The first is that it is very big and it has a lot of moving parts.    For Sri Lanka to do everything it wants to do, it is going to take a long and very complicated process to get things done and I think that is something that everyone needs to realize.    They also lack resources and institutional capacity, both in terms of people and in infrastructure. There are people within the military, within the bureaucracy and within political parties that aren't really on board in terms of what this ambitious agenda is about to do.    So they do face a lot of controversy there and on top of it, the new government is part of a very diverse and unique coalition within the Sri Lankan political party.    So there is a lot left to be done and not everyone has gotten down to work and is attempting to address its agenda. Having talked to people in the north and east, they are not yet feeling the peace dividend.    What I have heard is a statement that is commonly used, which is that everything has changed and yet nothing has changed. And so the government has a lot left to do to respond to the needs of the people in the war-affected areas and that too is a very large challenge and something that we should try to help them with.    In all of this, I think the areas that deserve the most attention are leadership and confidence-building measures. The Sri Lankan Government has a short time frame in which to get a lot done and people in the war-affected areas in particular aren't going to give it that much time before their positions start to harden and, frankly, I think they're already starting to harden.    And so in terms of leadership and confidence building, leadership is the idea of greater communication on the part of the Sri Lankan Government.    In terms of their agenda, I don't think they have done well enough in educating and bringing along all people of Sri Lanka--the people in the south as well as the north and east--in terms of what they are trying to do to respond to everybody's needs. Communication is a big factor.    In terms of confidence-building measures, the idea would try to change the mantra in the north and east about how everything has changed and nothing has changed. Start making things change a little bit for the better in terms of focusing on more land release, for example.    Lastly, an area that I think the U.S. should look at in greater detail is the idea of a donor conference for development in the north and east.    In 2003, after the cease fire had taken place, the United States was instrumental in bringing together an international coalition in a donor conference in Tokyo where they raised $4.5 billion for a period of 3 years.    And that gave people a lot of hope. Now, the rancorous politics in Sri Lanka dashed those hopes and war returned. But in this instance where we feel there is a little more hope and a little more opportunity for lasting peace, I do think it would be wise to consider another type of effort where we could be instrumental making tangible change happen in the war-affected areas.    And with that, I would like to thank you for your time and consideration.    Ms. Bue. Well, I can't say for sure exactly why it is so slow. But my understanding is that this is a legacy issue from the Rajapaksa era. There are elements within the government that have been resistant to moving faster on the release of political prisoners.    In speaking with the current government, there are efforts to move past that. I know that they have released some prisoners as of last year and they are looking to release more.    Ms. Bue. Yes.    Ms. Bue. Oh, no. But yes.    Ms. Bue. My understanding is that as for the north there are over 12,000 acres that the military still maintains.    Now, I should have prefaced that by the fact that there are a lot of different numbers floating around. That's just the one that I use.