    Mr. Fattah. Go ahead.    Mr. Fattah. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    So the head of the International Monetary Fund this morning said that America has the best economy of any of the economies in the world in terms of our competitors. The Federal Reserve just a little while ago, in the Beige Book, says the economy is continuing to expand in almost every region and sector. We have had now 59 months of consecutive job growth. In the last 11 or 12 months, 200,000-plus jobs a month. So there is a lot to be thankful for in terms of the productivity of the American private sector.    There are remaining challenges. I want to just raise an issue that is not about now, it is about the future, and it is about our competition. So I kind of sense that we are competing with billion-plus-populated countries like China and India. We see the EU has organized itself in a grouping. And we are competitors and partners depending on the day of the week. But that America's position in the world is that we are the leader, but that lead is no longer absolute, it is relative, that there are people who are seeking to eat our lunch. I mean, they liked to have what we have. They would love to have the strength of the American economy. And they are doing the things they need to do, whether it is educating their populous, or so forth and so on. And their budgets are growing.    Now, I am interested, like in NASCAR, these cars pull into the pit, they've got all these different things. Our competitors have something that in their pit that we don't have. They have consumption taxes. 148 countries in the world use a consumption tax. We don't. And much of the time when this is discussed it is always about a VAT or something. I am not. I assume we might even be innovative enough to have a consumption tax that that wasn't a VAT or maybe an American form of a consumption tax.    Our economy is primarily driven by consumption, however we are seeking revenues as a government from areas that have much smaller bases. So the first law of tax concepts and policy is you want the broadest base possible so you can have the lowest rate, so you can have less people trying to evade it.    And I am wondering, given all of your experience--and I think my colleague raised this point about your bio--do you see a point in America where in order to continue to lead the world, to have the finest military, to do all the things that we want to do as a country, which some people are starting to, I think, understand we can't do on the cheap, I mean these things actually cost money, that the government may have to think anew about how we go about getting revenues?    We are chasing revenues in some very narrow alleys even though we have an economy that is based on consumption. We have our competitors using consumption taxes, and we don't use one at all. Okay? So when Japan went through their thing, they could say, look, we are going to raise our national consumption tax and we are going to move in a different direction.    So I would love to hear your thoughts on this.    Mr. Fattah. We don't have to joust about it today, but you could exempt certain income categories or look at other ways to get at it.    The real point is, is whether, given that we have used this income tax for over 100 years and given that in every survey the American public is convinced that it is unfair--whether it is the revenue source that can carry this country for the next 100 years. If the only way someone can get elected President is to promise to cut taxes for everyone, at the same time that we are going to be competing with the Chinas and the Indias of the world to preserve our position in the world, these two things may not work together. At some point we may actually have to spend more money rather than have a debate about what we are cutting.    And so I am just wondering whether or not, we can use a tool that has some limits, the most important being that the American public doesn't believe it is fair.    Mr. Fattah. I would love to talk to you about it. And, again, not now, but in the future. I do think that there needs to be some thinking about what directions the greatest country on Earth might go so that we could have a reliable revenue source. I think this might be worth having some discussions about.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.