    Mr. Duncan. Well, thank you, Mr. Chairman. And I apologize to the panel because I've been at another hearing and I'm trying also to meet with constituents, but I did want to ask about something in Mr. Ron's testimony that really stood out to me. You say although most aviation employees are honorable, hardworking Americans, recent reports indicate serious problems that range from firearms and so forth and so on. And so what is particularly troublesome is that the crimes are rarely the actions of an isolated individual, and networks of employees are flaunting the law and bypassing security for their personal motives. Such individuals are very susceptible to terrorist influences and so forth.    Now, I know that a lot of times with this 24-hour news cycle, we're almost sensationalizing even minor incidents. But that seems to me to be a pretty sensational type Statement, Mr. Ron, when you say networks of employees. And I'm wondering, I know you mention the Atlanta incident or the Atlanta smuggling, but I'm wondering, is this oversensationalized or is this happening in all the major airports? You say networks of employees. How widespread is this?    Mr. Duncan. But you said that's a case from several years ago.    Mr. Duncan. Well, let me ask you something else, you were director of security at the Tel Aviv airport, I understand. What are some things you were able to do in Tel Aviv that people in your similar security field wouldn't be able to do or aren't doing here?    Mr. Duncan. So we need to give much deeper background checks to all airport employees?    Mr. Duncan. All right.    Mr. Duncan. So do you think we should have some type of incentive programs for airline--airport employees that turn in or recognize unusual criminal activity or something?    Mr. Duncan. Well, in other words, should we teach other airline employees or airport employees things to watch for when you say that airport employees are acting in unusual ways?    Mr. Duncan. Let me ask, I've run out of time. Let me ask Mr. Roth one last question. Mr. Roth, we're spending mega billions now for security at the airports when you add it all together. Are we getting a bang for our bucks? Or----    Mr. Duncan. All right, thank you very much.