    Mr. Massie. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I want to ask about the date that Lois Lerner's hard drive failed, because he gave us more specificity here today, and I appreciate that. Is it--what day did her hard drive fail?    Mr. Massie. So this hard drive failed conveniently. Do you know where it was when it failed?    Mr. Massie. So on a Saturday, it was just sitting there and it just sort of failed on its own, on a Saturday, on June 11?    Can you tell if there was any computer activity at the time that it failed from log activity?    Mr. Massie. So here's what I find interesting. On June 3, the chairman of Ways and Means sent a letter to Doug Shulman, who was a Commissioner of the IRS at the time. Are you familiar with that letter?    Mr. Massie. June 3, just briefly says--it's chairman of the Committee on Ways and Means, and this was sent by the--Mr. Camp, the chairman at the time. He was concerned that the IRS appears to have selectively targeted certain taxpayers who engaged in a political speech. Not only does this threaten political speech, it casts doubt on the IRS credibility. He sent that on June 3, which is--I looked it up on the calendar--a Friday. So it's likely they didn't receive it at the IRS until Monday, which would have been June--what would that make it?--6th.    Mr. Massie. So here we have June 6 they probably received this letter, and her hard drive magically fails on its own in her office on a Saturday, 5 days later. Now, before we thought there was a 10-day difference, but now we realize there's a 5-day difference. This is just an amazing coincidence to me. I think it's more than a coincidence.    I want to put up on the screen a directive that was sent out by the chief technology officer of the IRS, if we could get that on the screen. And this is the directive that went out to managers--is that correct?--telling them not to erase data?    Mr. Massie. This directive went out on May 22, 2013. When were the tapes erased at the IRS?    Mr. Massie. So about 8 months later.    And is this--if we look at the highlighted part on here, it says, ``Do not destroy/wipe/reuse any of the existing backup tapes for email or archiving or other information from IRS personal computers.''    Did that go to managers that were at the facility where the tapes were erased?    Mr. Massie. So what did they say they thought it meant when you talked to them?    Mr. Massie. So they thought it just applied to hard drives and personal computers and that's what they told you. But doesn't it clearly say, ``Do not destroy/wipe/reuse any of the existing backup tapes?    Mr. Massie. So if they didn't do this willingly or knowingly or purposely, this is basically incompetence, isn't it?    Mr. Massie. Either that or they can't read?    Mr. Massie. Do these people still work for the IRS?    Mr. Massie. Why is that, if they're this incompetent?    Mr. Massie. I thank you.    And I yield back, Mr. Chairman.