    Mr. Lehman. Sorry. It has been a long time since I have been before this distinguished committee and it really is distinguished.    I spent hundreds of hours before this committee and your predecessors. Charlie Bennett, I think I spent more time with Charlie when I was Secretary than I did with anybody else but my wife. And the history that this subcommittee, and its predecessor committee, has had in building and leading, helping to lead executive branches to form the kind of Navy that has prevented wars, and prevented us losing wars, stands out among all committees, in my judgment, in the history of the Congress. And you have been able to carry that tradition and are continuing to lead and show a vision of where a bipartisan naval strategy can be achieved. So thank you for that.    I am delighted to be back. It has been a long time. But as you know, just so everybody knows my prejudices, the naval tradition in my family is old. George Lehman was in the Revolutionary Navy. My great grandfather was in the Union Navy. My father was in World War II. I was a Reserve naval aviator for 25 years, and ended up touching virtually every trouble spot during that period. My son was a naval aviator with three tours on the Teddy Roosevelt in all of the combat areas. So I come with prejudices.    I was Secretary of the Navy for 6 years. The accomplishments of the Navy in those years, I think, was made possible because, particularly starting in 1977, 1978, 1979, your subcommittee and the Seapower Subcommittee on the Senate side, laid the groundwork, the intellectual groundwork at a time when the Nation was not fully conscious of what the dangers really were; that we were, in fact, losing the Cold War. And as a result of the groundwork and the foundation of strategic thinking that was laid by your subcommittee in those years leading up to 1981, the possibility of a bipartisan majority, starting in 1981, led on the Senate side by Scoop Jackson and others, and on the House side by Charlie Bennett, and with President Reagan adopting basically what your philosophy had laid down, intellectual foundations, we were able to reverse what was a very unpleasant result of the postwar, the post-Vietnam war letdown and disarmament that had undertaken.    I think that history will show that it was those years that really won the war, the Cold War at sea. It was the demonstration that we could build a Navy and maintain a Navy without breaking the bank and we could defeat the Soviet forces at sea. And I think that was a major contribution to the collapse of the Soviet Union.    Now, as I have said before, quoting my boss, my old boss, Henry Kissinger, ``History doesn't repeat itself but it rhymes.'' And we are rhyming again now. Not only with the post-Vietnam period of disarmament, but we are rhyming more disturbingly with the 1930s and the reverse of what Teddy Roosevelt famously argued for, to speak softly but carry a big stick.    We are currently speaking loudly about Chinese incursions in the South China Sea, the Russian Navy incursions, and yet we are carrying an ever-smaller stick. And while the intentions and naval policy has always been bipartisan, but sometimes the reality of what is really happening compared to what the hope and intention of Congress is, are not the same.    The fact is, we have allowed inattention over 20 years to the structure, the practices, the bureaucracy of the Department of Defense that it has become so dysfunctional that we currently have, according to the GAO , $450 billion of cost overruns in current programs. Those are going to have to be paid. These are contractual obligations. They are not funded. That is about 6 years of the procurement budgets for ACAT I and II programs. And every year we are averaging about 20 percent cost overruns regardless of Nunn-McCurdy breaches, and so forth. That is what the real numbers are.    So we are disarming rapidly. We are spending today roughly the same in constant dollars as we did at the height of the Reagan administration. And we have an Army not of 20 divisions, as Reagan built, but 8. We have an Air Force of not 35 tactical fighter wings, as President Reagan built, but 15. We don't have 220 strategic bombers as Reagan had, we have 72. We don't have a 594-ship Navy, as Reagan built with that same amount of money, but we have 272. This is unilateral disarmament.    And I am just so really optimistic and delighted about what you did in this committee and working with the Senate to start really fundamental reform; not the kind of reform that everybody talks about every year, we are going to reform this and reform that. But what you all did in the NDAA that was signed earlier this year and what you are on the route of doing for the NDAA for this year, is truly historic and starts the process of dismantling this vast bureaucratic, amorphous entity that has strangled innovation, strangled cost control, strangled common sense.    We have got to do that if we are going to get back to the kind of effective procurement to rebuild a Navy that is sufficient in size and quality to deter as we deterred--the 600-ship Navy as an objective was not to win a war. It was to deter a war and it succeeded. It ended the Cold War without really firing a shot. And unfortunately, today, we are doing the opposite. We are getting weaker. The threat is getting more sophisticated and diverse in more places around the world than we had in the nice bipolar Cold War and so we have really got to reverse before it leads to unintended combat which we could well lose.    So I look forward to your questions and thank you for inviting me. It is a pleasure to be here.    Mr. Lehman. That is an excellent question because, you know, the history you don't know, you are bound to repeat. So one of the reasons that the 600-ship Navy, which was truly a bipartisan naval rebuilding program, never really changed from the first time it was proposed in detail with budgets and was in the supplemental in 1980. Never changed until the end of the Bush administration and the fall of the Soviet Union, was because it wasn't just pulled out of thin air. It wasn't just political theater. It was derived from a careful analysis by multiple sources including CNA , the Sea Plan 2000 study, the Naval War College, about where our true vital interests were in the world and what the threat was in each of those areas, mainly from the Soviet Union and its allies.    And then what force structure was needed to effectively deny the Soviet Union any thoughts that they could prevail and close off chokepoints or interdict the sea lines of communication between NATO and North America. Every single one of these vital areas, vital to the security of the United States, was carefully analyzed. And from that, the force structure needed to protect those vital areas was derived.    And that is basically how we came up with 600 ships and 15 carrier battle groups and 100 nuclear attack submarines, quite apart from the strategic equation. There was a logic to it. There was a discipline and a rigor to it. And it held up because it was not esoteric. It was not based on complex algorithms of force exchanges and so forth.    And that is what we need and lack today, I think--a bipartisan acceptance of what our national strategy really is. And with that national strategy, we can derive the force structure, the minimum that we have to have, accepting the fact that we, as we did then, had fully integrated B-52s, and Air Force assets into the naval strategy, the capabilities and force structures of our allies, and we do that today.    So I think using that same discipline, that same rigor, and that same logic, that the minimum figure is the one that I would fully endorse with Admiral Natter, which is roughly 350 ships. The number of aircraft carriers--don't forget aircraft carriers are the one absolute that any naval formation or any naval activity has to have. They provide the disk. It is the carrier that provides the disk 600 miles across of total air superiority that protects every other ship whether it is an Army transport, or a fast deployment ship, or reefers, or the small boys in a battle group.    There, my number would be 15. And I think that can be achieved if the reforms that this committee has pushed and proposed on fundamentally streamlining and reducing that vast, choking bureaucracy in the Department of Defense to get back to fixed pricing and get back to the disciplines of no change orders once production is approved.    We are not going to get there right away. But in the meantime, we have to show intent because in 1981 we had fewer than 500 ships. We had 13 aircraft carriers and we had terrible morale. You will recall, those of you from the Tidewater area, that in 1979 there were four ships that could not deploy because they didn't have the sailors. I mean, retention was terrible. We are heading right down that road again. We are succumbing to that same siren song that we heard in the 1930s and we heard in the 1970s, we will do more with less.    But yet, we can't do more with less. We have to do less with less. But the temptation to do more is there and so we found in the 1970s we ended up with 11-month deployments, some of them as long as 12-month deployments, when history has proven that if you keep sailors at sea away from their families for more than 6 months over time, they will do it in a surge or a war, but otherwise, you are going to destroy the infrastructure of your Navy in skilled people, in morale, in readiness, the up rates of aircraft on carriers, the ship systems, and so forth.    So we are headed down that road. We are doing it. We are, regardless of what people say, the deployments, as you all know, are now, many of them, well beyond 6 months. And we are starting to see the same impact on retention of our skilled technicians and leaders in both the commissioned and noncommissioned ranks. So we have got to turn it around.    Mr. Lehman. Yes, I would echo that. I have made two official visits, not official as far as I was concerned, but as far as the Chinese were concerned, since I left the government. Both times at the invitation of very senior people in the Defense Ministry, Liu Huaqing who was the head of the Navy and so forth. I find that statement totally consistent with the stated intentions in both of those visits.    My first visit, which was around 1992, they were more in sorrow than in anger. ``Why are you disarming? You are abandoning. You are creating a vacuum here in the Western Pacific. And you are going to create all sorts of instability because your Navy is not here anymore. We used to--every time we looked out the window in a Hong Kong hotel, we saw a carrier, and its escorts there.'' And this provided a stability that relieved us of the worry that control of the strategic straits which are obsessive with the Chinese, the Straits of Sunda, and Malacca. They are not going to let that happen. And they told us that. And they said, well, we are going to bring--we are going to build aircraft carriers because we don't have base rights in those areas. But we are going to not allow the vacuum that you are creating to persist.    And so I find the Chinese, other than some of their more bellicose junior military officers, junior, you know, one- and two-stars which seem to have a franchise of making outrageous statements, but I find the official statements of their military very consistent and not necessarily pointed hostilely at the U.S. I don't believe that they intend to invade the U.S. or seize the Hawaiian Islands, but I do believe they are, they view us now, but you know, the Taiwan problem is a separate set of issues which we could spend all day talking about.    But the fact is that they really are dependent on virtually all of their oil to be imported and imported through straits that are potentially not secure. And so they are building, they told us, they are building a 600-ship Navy, and if you try to interfere, you would do so at your peril. And that at least we can understand what their intentions are, which they do not have the equivalent confidence--they don't know what our strategy is. And I think one reason is because we have no strategy.    Mr. Lehman. Congressman, I think that, as I mentioned earlier, Teddy Roosevelt's famous dictum to speak softly but carry a big stick is very important today because we have allowed our defenses, for whatever the sound reasons, and I don't disagree with anything you said on the budgetary issues that we face.    Nevertheless, we have, in the hopes that after the fall of the Soviet Union and the end of the Cold War, that we would have a relatively peaceful era ahead that did not require the kinds of sacrifices that we had to do in the Cold War. That has not proved to be the case. Our hopes have proved false. And we now have nuclear hostile powers even, like North Korea and others emerging. We have got the unique problems of Islamist terrorism, and we have allowed our deterrence to really erode. I mean, seriously erode. And by deterrence, that means are you persuading the potential enemies you have, the potential bad actors that they would suffer more than they could possibly gain if they took actions against American interests?    Our deterrence is failing. It is failing to deter the Chinese from building its bases in the South China Sea. And it is failing in deterring the Russians from reestablishing a hegemony that they feel they have lost in their near abroad. And it is failing to deter a lot of other potential actors down the road.    So what do we do about this? Well, I totally agree with the Admiral. We can afford it. We are only spending 3 percent of the GDP on defense today. In the Kennedy and Eisenhower years it was 8 to 9 percent. In President Reagan's years it was about 3.5 to 3.75 percent, so you are not talking of a vast change to reestablish deterrence. But it is going to take some time.    And the dangerous thing about doing what we are doing as we did in the 1930s, and that is speak loudly and make bold declarations about getting the Chinese out of the South China Sea, as we continue to erode our naval and other services' capabilities is the worst of all possible dangerous situations because that leads--historically, has led to miscalculations. You know, in the 1930s, we spoke boldly and we imposed embargoes, a steel embargo, the scrap embargo, the oil embargoes on Japan, as we disarmed, as we adhered to the Washington Naval agreements and built no capital ships until this subcommittee, which was then a full committee, passed the 1936 initiative to start building capital ships. Up to that time, we had adhered to the Washington Naval agreements, and the Japanese did not. They withdrew from the Washington Treaties, and so they grew and we shrank. And I think that was a major cause of World War II in the Pacific.    So we have got to maintain deterrence. We don't have a choice. And people have to start articulating this because the American people will support it, if their leaders on both sides of the aisle, and I might just as an aside to perhaps upset some of my revered Republican colleagues. I know the chairman knows his history better than I do, but the fact is, there are only three Presidents in the history of the United States that never built a single capital ship for the U.S. Navy and those were all Republicans, ending up with Hoover. And that is a history we don't want to repeat for sure.    So I just, I think we, my last point would be, let's be careful. As Reagan proved, you don't have to have achieved a 600-ship Navy to have 90 percent of the deterrence. You have to make it clear that you are heading there. You are rebuilding. There is strong bipartisan support to maintain deterrence. Once you have achieved that, because it is a game of perceptions, but perceptions based on people who are smart and they read our mail. And they know what the reality is of our capabilities and our weaknesses. And so whereas if we had the full deterrent, we might take actions, not necessarily violent actions right away, but we might begin to put the pressure on the Chinese and force them out of those militarized islands. But today, we do risk a conflict by miscalculation. And that far away with as small of a force as we have today, it might not end well for us.    Mr. Lehman. Well, I strongly support the idea of a strategic funding approach to rebuilding our strategic deterrence, because while this is one of the proudest of Navy roles and missions, nevertheless, it is only very indirectly related to maintaining command of the seas. And if the Navy is forced to fund the entire replacement of the Ohio class, there will, under almost any feasible funding scenario, not be enough money to even maintain the fleet we have.    So as an approach, I think that is the right approach. But our submarine force, just to go back to command of the seas, to protect our vital interests and restore deterrence, is the idea that we are going to end up with 41 or even 48 nuclear attack subs is insufficient, because the biggest vulnerability we have today and in my judgment it is severe, is in antisubmarine warfare. We have allowed a lot of our antisubmarine systems, not just the ones on ships and submarines, but overall, to deteriorate significantly. And we have got to rebuild that. And we have, to me, it is unbelievable how a succession of CNOs let this happen.    But we have no frigates in the fleet. This is unbelievable. And the idea--I am a strong supporter of the LCS and have been from the beginning. I think both of the versions of it are good ships for certain roles, but they will never be frigates. I don't care how much--how big a plug you put in and how much fuel you stuff in, they will never be frigates. They were never designed to be frigates.    Frigates are one of the most essential parts of protecting a naval force at sea, a Marine amphibious group, an Army resupply flotilla, or a carrier battle group, you have got the threats. The submarine threat is so much greater today, not only the Russian and Chinese, the Russian subs are the equal or better of our best submarines from the Cold War. But you have got over 100 very, very quiet diesel electrics or closed-propulsion circuit modern submarines that are really quiet. And that is a huge threat because we have really, because of higher priorities, we have let that dimension of our protection of surface ships really deteriorate.    So you know, this always gives, always gave all of my nuke friends heart attacks when I would suggest it. And I am not suggesting that we don't build a nuclear attack submarine fleet up above 60, at least, but I believe we need a high-low mix. I think the modern, particularly German technology in closed-propulsion conventional submarines which cost a quarter or less than a nuclear submarine, a high-low mix is probably what we ought to have in the future. And I guess I am not going to be invited to the Army-Navy game this year, but that is what I think.    Mr. Lehman. The ballistic missile defense based on the Aegis has a long history, and while I will not indulge my tendency in my anecdotage to tell you too much about it, one of the first battles as a new kid working for Henry Kissinger that I was engaged in, was the attempt by the Arms Control and Disarmament Agency to block the Aegis cruiser because they alleged--and frankly, they were right--the Aegis missile system, the phased-array radar, did violate the ABM agreement in SALT I . It had the kind of power aperture that clearly was capable of ballistic missile defense. And of course, now it is. It is now part of our ballistic missile defense. That was a long, long time ago, well before you were born. And here we are.    Now, the Navy got the mission, and now just as, you know, the Navy fought a huge battle in 1947 in this room to get a role in the nuclear deterrence and then after some severe battles, they won that role and they were in the SIOP, the single integrated operational plan. But then they suddenly found, hey, wait, being in the SIOP with the nukes meant that they were tied to launch points and no longer could the fleet move. It had to stay where it is. And the Aegis ballistic missile defense ships are finding the same thing.    So while they count in the 300-ship Navy or the 272-ship Navy, they are of limited use in a conventional war because then you will be in DEFCON 3 , or wherever, and you are going to be tied to a specific point.    So I am not arguing for canceling the ABM capability in the Aegis cruiser, but it severely limits the strategic capability--I mean, the conventional capabilities of deterrence in the fleet.    So I believe we need ballistic missile defense. We shouldn't try to delude ourselves. You know, again, the reality is that our pursuit of Star Wars helped to end the Cold War because the Russians believed that we could do it because we showed them we could do so much else. And it was really so far out in terms of cost and capability that it was not an option any of us were really comfortable with putting all of the money that would be necessary to get it going.    But it sure paid off because the Russians, it helped to paint a picture that gave Gorbachev what he needed between the 600-ship Navy kicking him around in the annual exercises and the idea of Star Wars, which his military were telling him ``oh, yeah, it is going to work. So we have got to have our own. You have got to give us three times the budget.'' That is what ended the Cold War.    So we do need to stay up on the capability, the technology. We need to deploy it particularly in the land, against Iranian threats and Russian threats now against their near abroad, and North Koreans, who God knows what they will do. So we should have that capability. But let's not go overboard and tie every Aegis ship to a launch point where they are no longer part of the Navy.    Mr. Lehman. No, not me.    Mr. Lehman. Well, let me start. But the fact is that----    Mr. Lehman. Oh, I am sorry. If I left it on all the time, you would hear our side comments, which you don't want to do.    There is an absolutely important role for unmanned aircraft as part of the carrier air wing. But don't think it is going to solve a lot of manpower or cost problems. It takes more people to operate in a squadron, to maintain and operate a squadron of UAVs today with today's technology than it does manned aircraft.    I am a strong supporter of UCAS . I think it should have a strike capability, but we shouldn't try to make it all things to all possible missions. Because you just--that is what we tried to do with the F-35 and look what happened to that. And so what we should do is move in a measured way. To me, you know, as a former carrier aviator, the most important thing for me right now, if I were in that planning phase, would be an unmanned tanker as part of the carrier air wing because our strike aircraft today are less capable in terms of range and payload than they were 30 years ago. So we need to get more range and more payload and that means you need more tankering.    And the reconnaissance intelligence gathering and so forth, these are important functions that UCAS can do. Strike versions as well. What we shouldn't do is try to cram all these different missions into one airframe and one system, and it should be done in a measured way.    Stealth, I am very much a skeptic on stealth. It has its role in certain places, but the price and the compromise is in other capabilities that you have to make to be truly stealthy are not worth it in my judgment, particularly on a carrier. I don't think that even the F-35 will get more than one truly stealthy flight.    Because anybody that has ever spent time, as you all have, on an aircraft carrier and sees what goes on down on the deck and pitching seas and salt spray, and particularly towards the end of a deployment, the grease all over the deck and airplanes starting to slide, and people running with chains and knocking dents into the--nobody who has spent time operationally on a carrier believes that stealth can survive on a ship.    As it is, the Air Force's stealth aircraft have to go into a clean room after every flight to get their full stealth restored. So it doesn't have to be stealthy. It is nice to have perhaps for some missions, particularly ISR missions, but we have got to be careful what we are going to give up to get that stealth, particularly in a strike version. It has got a role. There are going to be more of them in the future, but to try to rush into it and put too many requirements on it would be a big mistake.    Mr. Lehman. Well, I will believe in it when I get on and fly in the first unmanned United airliner.    Mr. Lehman. Well, first of all, I have always been a fan of the LCSes. They do have a role in littoral combat. The modular idea was one of these ideas that, you know, it is a great idea but actually implementing it is going to cost more than it was worth.    But frankly, in their current versions, I think we have enough of them with what the administration has been asking for. But we have built up in two shipyards a tremendous capability. I mean, I have owned some shipyards. And building a workforce that really knows what it is doing and knows how to take care of supply chain management and learning curve production, it takes years. And we have built that kind of capability in Marinette, and we have built it in Mobile. And so whatever we do next, we should do everything possible to keep that organic capability alive by participating in shipbuilding.    Right now, building the same Littoral Combat Ship, more of them than has been asked for, I don't see the need for them. Trying to make them, either of those two hull forms, which each, in their way, is a tremendous really technological achievement, but trying to make them into a frigate--a frigate has to be that multi-role ship. It has to have, first and foremost, antisubmarine warfare capability. It has got to be able to tow a passive tail, so for passive sonar. It has got to have an active sonar. It has got to be able to defend itself against cruise missiles. It has got to be able to attack other ships and shore.    The Perry class, which we have now retired the last one of them, we called them FFG-7s, they had a little bit of capability in each area, a lot of capability in the antisubmarine area. But they were great ships. We were able to compete them where there were three yards building them. The price came down and down and down because we had that annual competition.    And they could deploy--they had ranges of over 8,000 miles. So they could deploy with any--people criticized them because they only had a top speed of 28 knots, but they actually could go faster than that. They could keep up with the carriers 98 percent of the time and they were great ships. And they were very cost effective.    You cannot take an LCS of either design and get any--you know, they called the F-18--the Super Hornet F-18 was just supposed to be--it was really to get through you guys. It was just an F-18. It was just a Hornet, a little bigger, it would go longer, faster, et cetera.    It was totally a different airplane. It had no commonality. The engines were different. The wing was different. The radar was different. It was a new airplane. And that is what they are going to try to do with the LCS. Call it an LCS frigate, but if it is going to do the frigate job, it will be an entirely new ship, and yet it will have to make compromises to retain some commonality at all with the LCS and you are going to get the worst of both worlds out of it, I guarantee it.    What we need to do--even if we went back to the FFG-7 with modern technology, we have such vulnerability. Admiral Natter used to deploy his battle groups with 28 ships. Today we average six ships, which leave these huge gaps in your layers of defense particularly against submarines, and particularly against diesel submarines, let alone attack submarines--I mean nuclear submarines.    So I think we need to be realistic about it. And we ought to come up with a frigate design that can be built in these same yards or at least part of them, if not all of them, and that can be competed on a fixed-price base. Don't let the vast bureaucracy--you know, I owned Hawaii Superferry. I am sorry that Ms. Gabbard is not here. She hopefully rode it at one point. We built that right next--150 feet from the first aluminum LCS, roughly the same size ship, both built to ABS, American Bureau of Shipping, quality standards.    In the lifetime of our ship, we had two change orders that we found, sand eroded the intakes. There was sort of good commonsense changes that did not require any big design changes. One hundred fifty feet next to us, the first LCS, the aluminum LCS, which I think was an LCS 2, they averaged 75 change orders a week. Seventy-five change orders a week!    I had one guy down there as my, what my equivalent would be SUPSHIPs to supervise and oversee the shipyards. It was a great shipyard. The Navy had to build their own building to house all their SUPSHIPs people. And as a result, ours came in on budget, because we had a fixed-price budget. So we were on budget, on time, two change orders.    Next door, they came in three times the price, the contract price, and a year and a half or 2 years late. And when you try to look at what the change orders did, they were all, you know, move the ashtray from here to there, some Beltway bandit had submitted a study that showed if you go from 38 knots top speed to 39 knots top speed that, therefore, there were instances where this could make a big difference and so that change order came down. Nobody knew who approved it, where it came from. It just got into the system from one of the 40 JROC subcommittees.    So whatever we do here--and this is really--a lot of good ideas are coming out of this committee. We have got to do it along with fixing and carrying out the reforms that you put into the defense bill this year, because if you just pour that money into the current dysfunctional system, it is wasting the money.    Mr. Lehman. Well, of course, the Navy is a very visual service, and that is the advantage. Through the Cold War our fleet was visible throughout places like Singapore, and later Vietnam, and Malaysia, and Hong Kong, and Korea. Everybody knew we were there, and everybody knew these ships had real capability. And nobody doubted the ability of America to command the seas--that is to protect our allies and to keep free trade traveling and keep freedom of the seas.    Today, I meet very few people in my travels who believe that is the case, even though they are totally pro-American. The fact that through most of the last 10 years we have had no combatants in the Mediterranean, for instance, when we normally had 40 or 50 combatants in the 6th Fleet during the Cold War.    Now, I mean, I travel to places around the Mediterranean and they say, gee, we haven't had a liberty call here for 20 years. We haven't had a Navy ship. Don't you have a Navy anymore? Because they don't see it because we aren't there. So who knows what the next war is going to be tripped by, but there will be conflicts. There have been conflicts.    Nobody foresaw, before 9/11--Presidents of both parties were saying that terrorism, yeah, it is a problem, but it is one that--you know, every President that I can recall, including, I must say, my sainted boss, President Reagan, their first response to every terrorist act was we will bring these people to justice. Well, who gives a damn about bringing these people to justice? You have got to prevent it from happening. And today, more and more of our enemies do not see us bringing anybody to justice and still let us be able to deter and to stop and to enforce freedom of the seas and so forth.    Cyber is very important, and we are becoming more and more vulnerable to it. I don't know how many dozens of millions of lines of code are in the F-35, for instance. Many of our systems, just as our electrical grid, we think we have protected, but the thousands of hackers that are all over the world, that is just red meat to them. Oh, you think you have got a hack-proof system, and we find out that it is not hack proof.    So who knows where it is going to come from, but history has told us that you say we cannot predict where and how the next war is going to break out. So you better be prepared for other contingencies than just the favorite ones you would hope would be the problem.    Mr. Lehman. Yeah. Even the delivery of the Special Forces, for instance, in Desert Storm came from the Kitty Hawk. I mean, the carriers are not just air wing carriers. I mean, when there was all the uproar during the Clinton administration in Haiti, it was a carrier that took the two airborne divisions down to Haiti and delivered them with their helicopters.    The Navy is able to project power and to provide support anywhere in the world. Anywhere in the world. We have lost bases, 95 percent of the bases we had during the Cold War in Europe and in Asia. We don't have land bases. When there is a crisis that can be solved and put down before it escalates into a conflagration, it is the Navy that can go there.    Yes, Air Force is an essential part of that as well, but 95 percent of the tonnage for any military contingency has to travel by sea. And if that is the case, whether it is a prepositioned ship in Diego Garcia, or a fast deployment ship or whatever, it has got to be protected by total air superiority and submarine superiority underneath.    So the idea is so typical of Washington armchair think tanks that see this great new wave. That is why a mess was created in our Ford-class carrier, because the think tanks were saying, oh, the Navy is so stodgy. They never know what is happening in technology. We have to have a revolution in military warfare. We are going to put 12 new technologies into the aircraft carrier, so there you have a hull. It is a Nimitz hull. And it has got seven technologies today that we still don't know how to make work.    Mr. Lehman. Yes.    Mr. Lehman. Well, I would say the biggest lack is antisubmarine capability, and the frigate is perhaps the most glaring deficiency. The less sexy things--you know, everybody likes to debate how many of this and how many of that, airplanes and ships, but the things like the towed arrays, and the former SOSUS arrays, and the less sexy things that are fundamentally important to having an environment where you do command the seas. Those are the ones that get left out when you get into shooting wars, in the Middle East and elsewhere, and you have insufficient budgets, but you are told you have got to keep this many ships and hit these many deployments.    All of that unsexy stuff disappears from the budgets. The committees don't concentrate on them, because there is only so many things that a committee like yours can really take on. And we are leaving ourselves today in a very dangerous position vis-a-vis the submarines, not just the Chinese, Russian nuclear submarines, but the huge proliferation of good, quiet, diesel electric subs.    And the cruise missile threat and so much is said by people that say, oh, get rid of the aircraft carriers, they are just targets. We have dealt with the problem of ballistic missile attacks on the submarines for as long as I have been involved with the Navy. The Russians had them. The technology has moved on. But our defensive technology has moved on.    So, yes, we are going to get hit. Any of the surface ships are going to get hit by missiles, by conventional missiles. But that doesn't mean that it is going to take them out of action or prevent the defeat of our potential enemies. So if there is one issue I would urge you to really focus on, it is our vulnerability to enemy submarines of both conventional and nuclear.    Mr. Lehman. Yeah, I would just like to add one fillip to the admiral. I agree with him completely. But in the 1980s, we froze designs, which enabled contractors to bid fixed price. You can't bid fixed price if there is 75 change orders a week. It is impossible. You have got to go to cost-plus. That is why everything today in procurement is cost-plus even when they say it is fixed price. It is really every time a change order comes in that allows them to escape the strictures of the fixed-price contract.    So unless the Navy does its part in preventing change orders, then you can't expect contractors to be held to fixed-price competitive contracts. The three and three worked brilliantly during the 1980s. We had three subs. The low-priced bidder for two got the two, and the high-price got the one. And the same with--that is how we built all the Arleigh Burke destroyers, how we built all the Tico -class Aegis cruisers, all the submarines. We competed everything every year. And that discipline got better ideas, it got innovations. Because when you are looking at the guy running next to you trying to take your extra ship, then things happen. That is how we were able to return $8 billion to the Treasury, in effect. So we have got to get back to that.    But you can't ask the contractors to take those kinds of risks until you get control of the constant change and the bureaucratic method of running a business, which average, as you know, in the ACAT I and II, we average 22.5 years to go from the requirement to the first fielding. That is insane. It took 4 years for Polaris and Minuteman, 4 years to do the same thing. But then, of course, the defense bureaucracy was about one-tenth the size it is now.    Mr. Lehman. Keep up the good work.