    Mr.  Ross. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And thank you very much for holding this important hearing about an issue to which I am dedicated. And that is, providing American homeowners more affordable consumer options in the flood insurance marketplace. I would also like to thank our distinguished guests for their testimony today, and Representative Patrick Murphy for joining me in introducing the Flood Insurance Market Parity and Modernization Act, which we will be discussing this morning.    Since joining the House Financial Services Committee, I have urged my colleagues to work with me to address the shortcomings of the current government flood insurance model known as the National Flood Insurance Program. Yesterday, we held our first in a series of hearings to examine the problems with this Federal program, and to explore solutions that benefit homeowners. Floridians and Americans across the country would greatly benefit from more choices when it comes to flood insurance policies, and private competition in this market will lead to greater innovations and more affordable and comprehensive policies for consumers.    Unfortunately, regulatory barriers and the bias of regulators favoring NFIP policies have prevented the development of a private flood insurance marketplace. This was not the intention of the Biggert-Waters Act. Rather, it was an unintended consequence. With Florida homeowners in mind, I introduced H.R. 2901, the Flood Insurance Market Parity and Modernization Act. This bipartisan legislation will remove the unnecessary regulatory barriers that are hindering consumers' flood insurance options.    As the primary insurance regulator for my home State of Florida, I am proud that our Commissioner of Insurance Regulation, Kevin McCarty, has offered his full support of this legislation. I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to join me in enacting this commonsense, bipartisan legislation that will encourage the expansion of a well-regulated, more affordable private flood insurance option for homeowners. And I yield back.    Mr.  Ross . Mr. Birnbaum, I am going to need you to wrap it up. A little--    Ms.  Waters. Thank you very much. I appreciate that. And I am hopeful that you can work with us as we try and figure out what we are going to do to reform the National Flood Insurance Program and have some private involvement in it.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr.  Ross. Thank you. The gentlelady's time has expired.    Ms.  Waters. I yield back.    Mr.  Ross. The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Florida, Mr. Posey, for 5 minutes.    Mr.  Ross. Thank you.    The gentleman's time has expired.    The Chair now recognizes the gentlewoman from Ohio, Mrs. Beatty, for 5 minutes.    Mr.  Ross. Thank you.    The gentlelady's time has expired.    I now recognize myself for 5 minutes.    Ms. Miller, you spoke in your testimony about some of the obstacles of Biggert-Waters that are preventing you from being able to authorize private flood insurance in the State of Pennsylvania. Are you seeing an influx of interest from the private market to want to write to flood insurance in Pennsylvania?    Mr.  Ross. And if H.R. 2901 were to pass, do you think that would change things and allow for the presentation of more private capital to come in and take the risk in Pennsylvania?    Mr.  Ross. And if the private market does grow and they are assessing the risk based on their models and based on what they believe is appropriate in risk-based analysis, do you feel that there may also be an opportunity then that these private carriers may not only offer flood but also want to include it in an all-perils since they have--managing the risk?    Mr.  Ross. And would that not lead to an opportunity where we may have even more people, assuming other Insurance Commissioners across the country feel as you do, to include more people to want to participate in flood insurance because the private carrier can offer it to them at a lower price?    Mr.  Ross. And would that not lead to an opportunity, as Mr. Birnbaum says, where you would see more and more policies include in their all-perils flood? But to keep it the way it is now where we bifurcate NFIP against an all-perils policy is not going to help the situation. Would you agree?    Mr.  Ross. I have enjoyed listening to Mr. Birnbaum. I agree with him. And I think you will too that--when he states in his testimony, ``consumer protections provided by the States are far greater than those that exist for NFIP insurance,'' would you agree?    Mr.  Ross. And have you had any problems, well, let me put it this way, do you feel comfortable continuing to allow surplus lines carriers to write flood insurance in the State of Pennsylvania?    Mr.  Ross. Thank you.    Mr. Kelly, surplus lines, they just don't just write flood insurance, do they?    Mr.  Ross. Correct. And if you would discuss those.    Mr.  Ross. And surplus lines are currently writing flood insurance policies now?    Mr.  Ross. So under the law, surplus lines carriers can write policies? And is the number of policies growing over time in flood insurance? I doubt it is significantly. But is it growing?    Mr.  Ross. And then because my time is limited, would H.R. 2901 assist and facilitate in the increase of policies available and being purchased by consumers for flood?    Mr.  Ross. Thank you.    We talked about mitigation yesterday. And I think the overall goal of a flood insurance policy, as in any insurance policy, is to have the minimization of risk with the benefit of an affordable policy because if you don't focus on that, then what you are providing is nothing but relief. And relief is not where we want to go because that creates FEMA and then that creates greater problems without any control. So what benefit is there in making sure that we allow for incentives to mitigate the risk? And what benefit is being provided or incentives being provided right now by NFIP for that mitigation? Would anybody like to take a stab at that?    Mr.  Ross. Correct, Mr. Birnbaum. And I apologize because you are on something I want to talk about, and I only have a couple of seconds. Would not the consumers benefit greater for having more assessment of risk done in a granular fashion if the private carriers were involved to make sure that they are protecting their investment on that risk to the benefit of the consumers so that we would have a more affordable market with less risk of loss to the consumer?    Mr.  Ross. My time is running out.    Clearly, then, I would suggest that H.R. 2901 offers that transition to create the NFIP to be the market of last resort, which I think is what the panelists would like to see in the overall equation.    Thank you. My time has expired.    I now recognize Mr. Rothfus from Pennsylvania for 5 minutes.    Mr.  Ross. The gentleman's time has expired.    The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Kentucky, Mr. Barr, for 5 minutes.