    Mr. Schenker. Thank you, Madam Chair, Ranking Member Connolly, distinguished members of the subcommittee. It is an honor to be here today to discuss security in Egypt 2 years after Morsi.    While the increasingly repressive trajectory of Sisi's Egypt should be a concern for Washington, the ongoing deterioration of security in Egypt is the more immediate threat. The recent downing of the Russian airliner over the Sinai by the Islamic State has drawn international attention to the problem. The reality, however, is that terrorism in Egypt is not confined to the Sinai. Terrorism in Egypt has traversed the Suez Canal and is taking root in the Nile valley.    Historically security in Egypt, and particularly in the Sinai, has never been particularly good, but it has deteriorated after the fall of Mubarak, and the violence spiked after the removal of Morsi, morphing into a full-scale Islamist insurgency now led by Wilayat Sinai, an Islamic State affiliate.    Since Morsi's removal, in addition to the bombed Russian airliner, we have seen tourists targeted the Sinai, checkpoints and police stations attacked, RPGs fired at ships in the Suez Canal. MANPADs have brought down ships and helicopters over the Sinai, and a Russian Kornet anti-tank weapon sunk an Egyptian warship in the Mediterranean off the Sinai coast. Over the past few years, more than 1,000 Egyptian soldiers and policemen are estimated to have been killed in the Sinai.    Meanwhile, west of the Suez Canal, Egypt resembles the country in the 1990s when the State battled an insurgency led by Gamaa al-Islamiyah. In 2014, there were more than 300 attacks perpetrated in Egypt outside of the Sinai, and that number is likely to double in 2015. In this past summer alone, you had the chief prosecutor of Egypt, Hisham Barakat, assassinated in Cairo. You had a state security building bombed in Cairo and a suicide bomber attempted to target tourists in Luxor, all within 2 months.    No doubt Egypt is situated in a difficult neighborhood, but many of problems are self-inflicted. Egypt, for example, has not prioritized border security with Libya, the primary source of weapons flowing to the Sinai. Egypt's domestic counterterrorism capabilities are likewise lacking. If the accidental killing of eight Mexican tourists in the Western Desert in September 2015 is any indication, intelligence gathering on communications between the military and other domestic security agencies is also a real problem. Clearly, intelligence gathering remains a serious deficit in the Sinai as well, even though cooperation with the Israelis is reportedly helping fill some gaps.    Security challenges facing Egypt are enormous, and at present, Cairo does not appear to be up to the task. Given the regional deterioration, the continued stability and security of Egypt should be a priority for the U.S. There is much that we can do to help--working with Cairo--to mitigate the threats. These might include counterterrorism training. Egypt's heavy-handed and purely military approach has not succeeded, and it is not likely to succeed. It is not a problem of manpower. It is a problem of tactics. Egypt is resistant to change, but Washington has to continue to push Egypt to adopt modern COIN, counterinsurgency, techniques.    Second, developing the Sinai. Egypt's Sinai counterinsurgency approach is one-dimensional, but successful COIN campaigns have both civilian and military aspects. Absent educational and economic opportunities, the Sinai will continue to prove fertile ground for jihadist recruitment. We really have to invest in the Sinai and get our allies to do so.    We should leverage the Gulf. We have not been particularly good or successful in conditioning assistance to Egypt. I don't think we should pursue that route. We should be working with our Gulf allies, who give a lot more money, frankly, to Egypt than we do. There would be a lot more leverage, I think, there. And they would help perhaps to get Egypt to move toward economic development and adopt modern COIN techniques in the Sinai.    We also need to increase visibility in the Sinai. Sinai currently is closed. We don't have a very good idea of what is going on, especially important given the extensive reports of collateral damage and human rights abuses there.    We should also help Egypt to secure its border with Libya. We pressed them to reprogram some of the $1.3 billion in their foreign assistance dollars to put different systems on the border. They have refused. They should devote financial resources to aerostat balloons, C4ISR, and even Black Hawk helicopters.    We have to help Egypt improve its airport security. This is a problem that Western financial and technical support can solve or at least help mitigate. We should prevent further unproductive delays in transfer of equipment. When we stop the flow, for example, of Apache helicopters, that is a primary tool in the counterinsurgency. There are other things we can keep from Egypt if we want to express our disappointment or anger with them. They viewed this, the withholding of the Apaches, as confirming the conspiracy that we wanted the return of the Muslim Brotherhood to government in Egypt.    Finally, we should avoid trying to leverage U.S. military assistance. It is not a productive policy. Even though the human rights are problematic and perhaps counterproductive to long-term stability of Egypt, the cutoff in U.S. assistance will neither improve Cairo's conduct nor enhance our already fraught bilateral relationship.    With that, thank you very much.    Mr. Schenker. They look better than almost any other country in the region.    Mr. Schenker. The King of Jordan.    Mr. Schenker. King of Jordan.    Mr. Schenker. Can I add to Dr. Cook? Egypt has asked Israel about 20 times to increase the number of troops, fixed-wing aircraft, helicopters, armored vehicles, tanks, to revise the terms periodically of the Camp David security annex to allow Egypt to put in more equipment. Israel has acceded to this. There was one incident 2 or 3 years ago where actually an Israeli drone, purportedly with Egyptian permission, flew over the Sinai an armed drone and killed five terrorists. So the cooperation on that level is excellent. But, still, as Dr. Cook points out, only, the only channels are at the highest levels of the intelligence. There is not a working level in intelligence exchange between Israelis and Egyptians, nor on the military levels on the working level. This is a government-to-government at the highest level relationship, not a peace between two peoples.    Mr. Schenker. I believe that Sisi recognizes that the ongoing peace treaty with Israel is in Egypt's interest and is going to honor that. I don't have any concern about that personally. It is not popular in Egypt at all. But it is not going anywhere. Now, if we were to start chipping away at the 1.3 billion in FMF and the 250 in ESF, I don't think the peace treaty would go away, but it would become more problematic.    Mr. Schenker. Well, I will take this first. I believe, you know, after ISIS, after Ansar Bayt al-Maqdis, the biggest insurgent group in the Sinai, joined with ISIS last year, they have increased the number of operations, increasingly lethal ones, and appear to be getting a good flow of highly advanced weapons for which they have done----    Mr. Schenker. The Egyptians say many of them are coming from Libya.    Mr. Schenker. Well, from after the end of the Qadhafi regime.    Mr. Schenker. Well, I think what we have seen is that we believe that ISIS has used or Ansar Bayt al-Maqdis has used SA-18s--these are Russian-made that were in Qadhafi's stocks--to bring down the Egyptian helicopter over the Sinai. But they also apparently are now working with Hamas in Gaza. Some of these tunnels still exist. And ISIS is getting a cut of the weapons moving through the Sinai going into Gaza, working with the Bedouin there. So they also, perhaps, are getting weapons from Syria because we have seen the Kornet anti-tank weapon, which is a top-of-the-line Russian anti-tank weapon that the Assad regime had, and they used it apparently to sink an Egyptian warship off the Sinai coast in the Mediterranean.    Mr. Schenker. I don't have any direct information on that. I would assume some of this stuff is coming from Libya still. It used to come from Sudan. But Sudan, apparently, has changed sides. It is more oriented toward Saudi Arabia these days than Iran.