    Mr. Sedney. That is fine. I am only a juris doctor. So it doesn't count, my wife tells me.    Mr. Sedney. Thank you.    Mr. Sedney. Thank you very much, Madam Chair, and thank you and your colleague the ranking member, Representative Deutch, for holding this hearing. Afghanistan is important. And it has the potential to be a disaster for U.S. national security if we continue along the current policies. I will make five points, and I have three recommendations. I will work hard to get it into the 5 minutes.    First, Afghanistan and its people can succeed. In my written testimony, I describe the many foundational areas, health, education, women's rights, media freedoms, and an army, and soldiers who are fighting and dying in larger numbers than ever to defend their own country. The current president and CEO are a great improvement. I very much second Representative Boyle's point, but I also point out that we are giving a better president and a better governing team less, much less, support than we ever gave President Hamid Karzai.    Second, the security situation in Afghanistan has changed significantly for the worse. What I will tell you, Madam Chair, is somewhat different than you heard in Afghanistan. The security situation in Afghanistan is much worse than we had planned for and/or that we had prepared the Afghan military to face. The Taliban this past year mounted their largest, most violent and most successful offensive since they took over the country in the late 2000s.    Daesh, the so-called Islamic State is a growing threat in Afghanistan. Foreign radicals and Pakistani extremists who were forced out of Pakistan by a Pakistani offensive in North Waziristan have taken to fighting in Afghanistan. The battlefield is more complex, and as a result, Afghan civilian and military causalities this year will be higher than they have been before. More Afghans are being killed after American forces left than--in a combat role than when we were there. And all the indications are is that we will see a bigger, stronger, more violent and more successful Taliban offensive in 2016.    Third, the security architecture that we have in place in Afghanistan is not working. The so-called train, advise, and assist commands, TAACs, as they are called, are not doing a sufficiently good job of training, advising, or assisting. Of Afghanistan's six army corps, two are completely uncovered. The other four are only partially covered in terms of the advice and assistance they are getting. The Taliban this year captured seven district capitals, of which they retained two, captured for a short period of time Kunduz, and almost captured two other capital cities in Afghanistan's north, provincial capitals, Faisabad in Badakshan, and Maimana in Faryab province.    Those kind of advances came about despite the brave fight of Afghan forces. But it came about because they didn't have air support, because they didn't have intelligence report. They didn't have the kind of air transport that they need. They will need even more next year, and they won't have it, according to our current plans. Of course there are things the Afghans haven't don't right. With only an acting defense minister, many key jobs left unfilled for most of the year, the National Unity Government has tried hard but still has much to do. But what we haven't done is a huge contributor to this worsening security situation.    My fourth point is Afghanistan's National Unity Government which we forced down their throats is not doing the job it should. There is much better that they can do, and they need to do more. But we need to do more to help them. Our President and our Secretary of State forced two competing candidates to rule together. They are actually working hard and trying hard, but they are not doing a good enough job. We should be doing a better job of helping them.    Fifth, Pakistan's offensive in North Waziristan was the most successful counterinsurgency operation the Pakistan/Afghanistan theater has ever seen. They went in with large numbers of ground support, huge amounts of air pressure, and they cleaned out the Taliban, making Pakistan today a much safer place. However, they forced into Afghanistan hundreds of thousands of refugees and put into Afghanistan many who are now killing Afghans. We should be putting pressure on Pakistan to clean up the mess in Afghanistan that it has made because of the actions it took to make Pakistan itself safer.    My recommendations. First, we need a complete review of our policy. I very much second you on this, madam chair. The security situation is deteriorating so fast, the capabilities that we have are so limited, that if we don't this and do it quickly, disaster is possible, along with what Fred Kagan said.    Second, in the interim we need to change our rules of engagement. The rules of engagement are not clear. The rules of engagement don't allow us to do many things that are necessary. The rules of engagement don't give the Afghan forces the support they need.    And, third, we should work with Pakistan to get Pakistan to stop allowing the fighters, the weapons, the explosives to come out of Pakistan into Afghanistan. Make no mistake about it. Safe havens in Pakistan are the key to the Taliban's success. Regardless of what the Pakistanis have told us directly, all that really matters is what they do. And so far they have taken no steps, no steps at all, to stop the flow of weapons, fighters, and explosives into Afghanistan. That flow is increasing right now. The situation on the ground in Afghanistan is perilous, and unless we act, I see serious problems and a government that we should be supporting could fail. Thank you.    Mr. Sedney. Others can add as well. But counternarcotics was an area that when we were doing our counterinsurgency efforts in Afghanistan in 2009, 2010, and 2011 and into 2012, we did take some efforts there, and USAID and others have cooperated as well. What we found by looking around the globe, however, is the only way you can effectively go after the narcotics industry is a holistic way. It is not just a security threat. It is not just the traffickers. You have to find ways to work with the farmers, give alternate crops, and you have to continue that. We did for about 2 years have some success in Helmont province, where a crop substitution program, a voucher program, combined with very aggressive enforcement efforts and military action against traffickers, that was making progress, but then we pulled back from that.    We don't have the resources right now to carry that out. So sadly I would say as a consequence of our decision to pull back across the board in Afghanistan, counternarcotics, which I agree with you on the importance of, is an area where we are just not positioned to do really much at all that can be effective.    Mr. Sedney. I mentioned it; I think Andrew did as well. I think it is likely to be a durable alliance. I know both men. I consider both of them personal friends, and I admire what they have done. The issue is that the whole structure of governance in Afghanistan is filled with people who are rich, are powerful, and in many cases are criminal, and fixing that is a job that would be a challenge for anyone who didn't have an insurgency at their door and all the other problems Afghanistan would have. I don't think the United States has done enough to help this partnership work together, and I think that is an area where we could do more politically to make it effective.    I think, however I will stress that I think the two individuals involved are actually trying very hard to work together, but there are huge networks out there that are fighting each other.    Mr. Sedney. Well, first of all, we should make the rules of engagement clear. But, secondly, the rules of engagement reflect the problem that has been identified and Dr. Kagan mentioned as well. Because we don't see the Taliban as a threat, we are not allowed to use our air forces, our air support, our close air support, against the Taliban unless our forces are in danger or if Afghan forces are in some great extremis.    So when Afghan forces plan operations, when they try to do what we have trained them to do, they don't get any close air support. We are not allowed to promise them that, and they aren't allowed to try and anticipate it, and they don't get it. So our rules of engagement are so narrow and so complex that most of our troops don't really understand them well. The Afghans don't understand them.    Over this year, the way the Taliban have operated, I think they have been probing so see where air power is used and where it isn't. And where it is not used, they have gone from using tens and scores of fighters to using masses of hundreds of fighters. In the coming year I expect them to use thousands of fighters. We need to change those rules of engagement so we can support the Afghan forces and give them the fire power they need. And the reason they need the fire power is because we meant to build them an air force, but we didn't, so the Afghans don't have their own close air support. We promised them, with the stress on promised them, Super Tucanos to arrive in 2018. That will be too late.    So even if the Afghans, even if our rules of engagement are changed, we still need to help the Afghans on that in the longer term. But the rules of engagement need to be changed to reflect the situation on the ground and allow us to aid the Afghan forces, including in planned engagements. We have to recognize that the Taliban are the enemy of our ally, and we need to be prepared to fight them.    Mr. Sedney. Can I had that in addition to the rules of engagement, one thing that is really hurting us is the lack of effective intelligence. We have removed most of the intelligence collection ability that we had in Afghanistan just a year ago. And I am talking about drones here, but not just predators, but the smaller ones, the handheld Scan Eagles and the ones in between that gave us a complete picture of the battlefield.    So even with the rules of engagement, we don't have the visibility that is necessary to identify targets and strike them accurately and capably. We can't find out where those Taliban attacks are coming from and go after them. This is a technical capability the Afghans just don't have----    Mr. Sedney. If I can just add, I am going to second very strongly what Fred said about Dr. Ghani. Dr. Ghani was an American citizen. He did have a home in Bethesda. He sold the home. He gave up his American citizenship. Went back to Afghanistan 6 years again. Has been the target of multiple, very serious attempts on his life. He is not a corrupt person, and I think he deserves our support in ways that President Karzai never did.    And there are many other Afghans like them, the current acting minister of defense, the Taliban, the suicide bomber that blew up 5 feet from him and virtually killed him. He is now back working, but he will never be the same person because of that. The commander of the second corps of Afghanistan lost four brothers to the Taliban. He fights because he knows that if he doesn't fight, his people will die. I have talked to Afghans who are fighting because they want their daughters to go to school.    I think there are lots--yes, there are corrupt people in Afghanistan and in their government, and they need to be gotten rid of; but there are many more who are fighting for many of the same ideals we are, and that is where our interests are congruent, because by keeping the Taliban from taking over Afghanistan, that will make us safer. So while I agree with the concerns about corruption, and it is very serious, I have personal experience with many, many Afghans who I admire.    I would like to mention one more thing, Mr. Clawson, because you talked about our allies. Last week Germany said it would increase its forces by 130. That is a 15-percent increase. And so while our President is getting kudos from people--and I think it was a good thing that he decided not to decrease our forces--the Germans who have I think, a better understanding, are putting more of their troops on the line and increasing their forces by 15 percent. That is something I think we should be thinking about doing, too, not for corrupt people, but for our own national security.    Mr. Sedney. As I said, I think the situation in Afghanistan is worse today than people realize, and next year it is going to be much worse. We need an immediate reevaluation of our policies. I would urge Congress to take the lead in calling for such a study and for Congress to fund such a study to force the administration to go ahead and relook at it and bring in other voices besides the political ones that you mentioned before to look at it, people like Dr. Kagan, people who know the situation.    Secondly, Pakistan. Pakistan is not only not doing what it can to make Afghanistan more stable. What Pakistan is doing is making it less stable. You mentioned that you have before you aid packages for Pakistan. While Pakistan in some areas has helped us, in other areas it has not. I urge Congress to take very seriously the opportunity to put pressure on Pakistan to do the right thing and make Afghanistan safer.