    Mr. Upton. There was a very long line of folks to get in.    Mr. Upton. Well, thank you, Mr. Chairman.    So today, we gather to discuss the U.S. public health response to antibiotic resistance in light of the recent discovery of a new superbug. This superbug gene was first discovered by Chinese and British researchers in pigs, raw pork, and in a small number of folks in China in November of last year, but a recent case of course of the woman in Pennsylvania with the E. coli is the first discovery of this rare gene known as MCR here in the U.S.    A headline in the Post captured the urgency: ``The superbug that doctors have been dreading just reached the U.S.'' Concerns about this new threat are real indeed and they are being felt in Michigan and throughout the country.    The detection of this new antibiotic-resistant gene is very troubling because it signals the potential arrival of an unstoppable superbug. The gene is resistant to a last-report antibiotic and has the ability to move from one bacterium to another. While MCR-1 on its own is treatable by other antibiotics, disease experts tell us that the fear is not if but when this gene transfers and merges with another superbug that is resistant to all other antibiotics. This would create the nightmare scenario of a bacterial infection that cannot be stopped with any known antibiotic treatment.    The continuing evolution of bacteria, the overprescription of antibiotics, and the lack of new antibiotic development have all contributed to the problem. Our understanding of the MCR-1 gene is growing by the day, but there are still many questions that remain to be answered before we can be assured that we are doing everything that we can to protect the American people from this superbug and future challenges that arise from antibiotic resistance.    The questions include how did the bug get here to the U.S.? Where did it come from? How does it spread? Are we prepared for an outbreak of antibiotic-resistant bacterium? What is the Federal Government's plan to confront the public health challenge? In addition to our concerns about this particular superbug, we need to take a look at antibiotic resistance as a whole. And in response to the discovery of MCR gene in Pennsylvania, Dr. Frieden commented that it basically shows us that the end of the road isn't very far away for antibiotics. If that is true, minor bacterial infections could suddenly become fatal.    So we need to evaluate antibiotic development and assess where the science is, what barriers exist. How do we promote the discovery of new antibiotics? And as my good friend and colleague Ms. DeGette said, through the GAIN Act of 2012 and the ADAPT Act, which is part of 21st Century Cures, this committee has made a good number of strides to foster and encourage the development of new antibiotics that can fight the superbugs. In the meantime, we need to take appropriate measures such as antibiotic stewardship program to ensure that the antibiotics that already exist are being prescribed appropriately.    Mr. Upton. I appreciate the testimony and the dialogue with our experts, and I yield back to Mr. McKinley.