    Mr. Thompson. Thank you, Chairman. Thank you to the Ranking Member and my colleagues. Thank you for your attendance this afternoon.    The underlying issue that this Cooperative Management of Mineral Rights Act aims to address is central to the management of the Allegheny National Forest and the economy of the region. But also, this legislation has a profound implication to how we manage issues of access, nationally.    At its fundamental core, this legislation is about private property rights, not about oil--private property rights and fair access. As we discuss this legislation and the events leading up to it, it is critical to keep the history of the region in context.    Since coming to Congress in 2009, I have had the distinct privilege to represent both the Allegheny National Forest and Pennsylvania's oil region. Because of this area's remarkable history, the region was designated as a National Park Service Heritage Area, and is frequently referred to as--and I quote--``The Valley That Changed the World.''    In 1859, in Titusville, Pennsylvania, Col. Edwin Drake came to the area in search of petroleum, intending to corner the market for medicinal products. Drake discovered much more than a medicinal tonic. Over the following decades the oil industry developed, fueling manufacturing, exports, and generations of innovation.    Following the first American oil boom, in 1923 the Allegheny National Forest was established in four counties: Warren, Forest, Elk, and McKean. Because of the long history of oil and timbering within the region, the Federal Government chose to only purchase the surface rights within the Allegheny. This was done as an agreement between the landowners, the municipalities, and the Federal Government, my predecessors, to ensure industry could continue to produce privately sourced commodities, while the area could simultaneously function as a national forest.    And I have to say, if you have not been to the Allegheny National Forest, please come. You will see this works really well. There is not a problem, and what the Forest Service chose to do in cooperation with some environmental groups with a solution in search of a problem that the courts have deemed and reinforced as being inappropriate.    To this day, 93 percent of the mineral rights in the Allegheny are owned by the private sector. Unfortunately, the national forests are commonly mistaken for national parks. One might believe that the Forest Service would have this understanding, but I feel that we should be reminded of the mission presented by our first chief of the Forest Service, and former Pennsylvania Governor, Gifford Pinchot. The mission of the Forest Service is one of multiple uses and active management. This includes timbering, conservation, research, energy production, watershed management, and recreation.    In short, active management of these lands and responsible utilization of their resources is the core function of the Forest Service.    Since 1923, the Forest Service and local interests largely operated harmoniously in order to meet the various needs of the local communities and the economy, supplementing national demand for resources. However, the Forest Service attempted to fundamentally change this long-standing relationship as they settled out of court to apply the National Environmental Policy Act, or NEPA, to the oil and gas leasing process.    In January 2009, the Forest Service stopped issuing notices to proceed, effectively shutting down access to private property within the Allegheny. Subsequently, a Federal judge overturned the settlement, citing the Forest Service's lack of authority to further regulate privately held mineral rights within the Allegheny National Forest. With due respect to the Ranking Member, you cannot strip away something that the government never had.    Further, the courts found that the Federal Government is required to provide ``reasonable access'' to private property.    Mr. Chairman, the real-life consequences of the Forest Service's settlement produced a de facto moratorium on energy production in the Allegheny, affecting industry and the regional economy. Throughout this period, the Forest Service referred to an obscure provision contained in the Energy Policy Act of 1992, in order to justify the need for a new Federal regulatory process in the Allegheny National Forest.    For 16 years, the Forest Service did not promulgate a new rule, because they simply were not needed. Oil and gas extraction had been effectively regulated by the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. In light of the court's decision, which again, ruled squarely in favor of the mineral rights owners, the private property owners, the existing 1992 statute remains on the book.    To address this matter, I have introduced H.R. 3881, the Cooperative Management of Mineral Rights Act. This legislation repeals the 1992 language which applies solely to the Allegheny National Forest. This would effectively codify the findings of the court, which remain consistent with more than 90 years of precedent. Property rights are, of course, among the founding principles of this great Nation. In fact, I think it is one of those that defines us as a Nation. And this is not a new concept. Case law shows us that access to private property cannot be unreasonably hindered, not even by the Federal Government.    Today the committee will hear from a panel of individuals who were party to the case in question. We will hear firsthand how the Forest Service's actions caused harm to my constituents; how it utilized, foolishly, probably more than $4 million that could have been used for healthy forest management, for multiple uses on the forest; and how it caused harm to the rural economy and communities of Northwestern Pennsylvania.    It is my hope that the committee's takeaway will be how these actions could have similar effects upon their communities if Federal actions were replicated across the country.    I look forward to the witnesses and look forward to their testimony. Thank you, Chairman.    Mr. Thompson. Thank you, and thank you to the Ranking Member for his questions, too. That is appreciated, because I think it is important to flush that out. You heard from an attorney. How about you hear it from a law maker, the author?    If I wanted to specifically go after that 60 days, I would have referenced specifically that 1980 court order in terms of 60 days. I think the 60 days is within the confines of the whole reasonable access process, in terms of that interaction between the subsurface right owners and the surface owners.    So my questions--I want to talk about--well, there are just so many things to talk about here, so let me be selective.    Mr. Cline, can you estimate how much money it costs to sue the Federal Government to litigate this issue in the courts and prove that the families and businesses of Northwestern Pennsylvania were on the right side of the law?    Mr. Thompson. Would you agree that is the ballpark?    Mr. Thompson. Mr. Casamassa, thank you for your service with the Forest Service. I am a fan of the Forest Service. We work together, as Chair of the Conservation and Forestry Subcommittee for the Committee on Agriculture.    How much did defending this regulatory over-reach by the Forest Service in all those cases that were just referenced cost the American taxpayer in staff time and additional budgetary needs, the Equal Access to Justice--I think there was a payment that was promised to the environmental groups--I don't know if that ever occurred--on the industry side. Do you know what the total bill of that was? If it was $4 million for the plaintiffs, what was it for the defendants, the American taxpayers?    Mr. Thompson. If you could work and get that number for me specifically, but I have to wonder--I mean reasonable minds would say if for one party it was about $4 million, I have to think for the other party it was about $4 million. And we have a few more attorneys we use when it is the government, with the Justice Department and those assets and resources.    So my question--let's just say it is $4 million. Let's be fair and say it was $3 million. When it comes to--we spend a lot of time talking about wildfires, and how we prevent wildfires, and how do we make forests more healthy. What could we do on the issue of wildfires with an additional $3 million on a particular forest?    Mr. Thompson. You can do a lot of restorative work, right?    Mr. Thompson. The understory and----    Mr. Thompson. I was just in Washington State with one of the members of my subcommittee that serves on this committee as well. And they lost a half-a-million acres. Not all that was Federal; some was state and some was private. But to continue to appeal this in the past--and I am looking in the past, retroactively. That is why this legislation is important, because we are actually just trying to codify what the courts have found.    So, my follow-up question to you, Mr. Casamassa, is in light of the recent court decisions supporting private property, subsurface mineral owners, can you assure this committee that the Forest Service will not promulgate any new rules regulating privately held mineral rights or agree to any new settlements similar to the 2009 agreement in the ANF, or engage in--co-join with another--some environmental groups that, once again, spend millions of taxpayer dollars for something that has already been repeatedly codified by the courts.    Mr. Thompson. So, the Forest Service position--not on this piece of legislation, I will get back to that--but on what we are talking about, the Forest Service position on what has been codified by the courts, the Forest Service is in complete agreement with what the courts have determined?    Mr. Thompson. So what you are saying, representing the Forest Service today, being the official spokesperson, so you are saying that what has been codified--the Forest Service is in agreement with what the courts have codified----    Mr. Thompson . I am sorry, I used the word ``codified,'' wrong process. What the courts have ruled.    Mr. Thompson. If the Forest Service is in agreement with what the courts have found, why is the Forest Service opposing just providing clarity, so that the agency does not find itself--that has economic or political motivations or whatever are being sucked into a future lawsuit?    Why wouldn't the Forest Service--you tell me you actually agree with the intent of what this legislation does, but I don't understand why you are opposing the bill today.    Mr. Thompson. That you have never actually really used. It was, like, 16 years to get promulgated regulations on that. So this is not something that you have actually used. The whole 60-day notice thing, which I think is reasonable, actually predates the 1992 Act back to 1980.    Sorry, Mr. Chairman.