    Dr. Wenstrup. Good afternoon, everyone. The subcommittee will come to order.    Before we begin, I would like to ask unanimous consent that our colleague Chairman Miller be allowed to sit at the dais, to make opening statements, and ask questions.    Hearing no objection, so ordered.    I want to thank you all for joining us here today to discuss legislation pending before the subcommittee concerning education benefits, employment programs for our returning servicemembers and veterans, as well as accountability at the Department of Veterans Affairs.    This afternoon, we have nine important pieces of legislation before us.    I will focus my remarks on one of these bills, which I introduced earlier this year, H.R. 2344, the Veterans Vocational Rehabilitation and Employment Improvement Act of 2015, as well as the draft bill that is on the agenda.    VA's Vocational Rehab and Employment, VR&E, program exists to help disabled veterans become employment-ready or to assist the most severely disabled reach a point of maximum independent daily living. For years, we have heard from veterans and VSOs that the time it takes to complete a rehabilitation plan from the time of application to full rehabilitation is too long. And they have also said that the caseload for counselors is too high, which then doesn't allow the counselor to appropriately help each client.    According to VA, on average, veterans spend anywhere between 5 to 10 years in the program--which, if that is how long it takes to rehabilitate some of these veterans, then that is understandable, but I fear that this extended length of time could also be due to an overworked system, a large caseload per counselor, and reliance on a primarily paper-based processing system.    H.R. 2344 is aimed at ensuring veterans are receiving thorough and diligent assistance from their counselors and that they are provided the best resources possible to get them back to an employment-ready status or to a position where they are able to live independently on their own. Our disabled veterans, who have sacrificed so much, deserve to have a fulfilling life following their service.    This bill would require that if a veteran is pursuing a course of education or training through VR&E that the program be approved for GI Bill benefits. Under current law, if a veteran is going to school through Voc Rehab, that school does not need to be approved by VA and the State approving agencies for GI Bill benefits.    Programs will have a year following enactment to come into compliance with these rules. But I hope that this will increase oversight, and ensure that there aren't any so-called fly-by-night schools taking advantage of our disabled veterans.    My bill would also change the law so that if a veteran is doing any adaptations to their home through VR&E that those changes be made under the rules already existing for specially adapted housing grants and by their employees, as opposed to the veteran's Voc Rehab counselor overseeing the changes. This accomplishes two things: gets these counselors out of the business of making home construction decisions and instead allows them to focus on their primary goal, to rehab the veteran; and ensures that experts who deal with home adaptations on a daily basis are now the ones handling oversight of these projects so we can ensure veterans are getting the best outcomes in their homes.    My bill would also encourage and authorize the Secretary to prioritize VR&E services based on need so that the VA can take into account things such as disability ratings, severity of employment handicaps, income, and other factors as the Department and its counselors are managing their ever-growing caseload. This provision is not to push any veterans out of the program but would be there to allow VA to prioritize the most disabled and employment-handicapped veterans as they seek VR&E services.    Lastly, H.R. 2344 would require the Secretary to reduce redundancies and process all VR&E claims and payments in a paperless system, and it authorizes $10 million to upgrade their IT systems to make the change. VR&E has told us that they are currently in the process of updating their systems and that they have received authorization and funding for this upgrade. However, we have seen in the past that this money can easily be shifted elsewhere at any point. Shifting Voc Rehab to a paperless system will speed up the application process, increase efficiency, and assist in a quicker rehabilitation timeline for veterans in the program.    I do believe VR&E is constantly improving, and I appreciate the work the VR&E service director, Jack Kammerer, and his employees do on a daily basis. And the purpose of this bill is to assist them in their critical mission for disabled veterans.    Lastly, today, we will also be discussing a draft bill that deals with GI Bill transferability issues. The draft came from recommendations made by the Military Compensation and Retirement Modernization Commission earlier this year. The draft would change the service time requirement to be eligible to transfer GI Bill benefits to dependents to 10 years, with an additional 2-year commitment. Currently, the time requirement is 6 years, with an additional 4-year commitment.    The draft bill would also reduce the monthly living stipend that transferees receive by half of its current rate. The commission recommended cutting the living stipend completely for dependents. However, I do think that there should be some amount of a stipend to be given to transferees, as that is in many cases also a benefit to their spouse or parent who served and transferred them this benefit.    If we are to move this bill forward, I would commit to using the savings from these changes to improve GI Bill benefits or other programs for veterans, which I think we can all agree is important.    With that being said, I am eager to discuss each of the nine pieces of legislation before us today. And I am grateful to my colleagues who have introduced these bills and to our witnesses for being here to discuss them with us, and I look forward to a productive and meaningful discussion.    I will now yield to my colleague, Ranking Member Takano for any opening statement he may have.    Dr. Wenstrup. Thank you, Mr. Takano. I want to thank you for your kind words, and I appreciate the opportunity of working together with you on this subcommittee.    I will now yield to Chairman Miller of the full committee to discuss his bills, H.R. 1994 and H.R. 2275.    Chairman Miller, you now recognized.    Dr. Wenstrup. Well, thank you, Chairman Miller. And I appreciate your deep dive into these issues. I think it is unfair not only to our veterans but to the thousands of good VA employees that there they are, devoted to the veteran, and we have those that take advantage of working in the system. I appreciate your testimony.    It is an honor today to be joined by our colleagues Colonel Paul Cook of California and Mr. Sean Maloney of New York at the witness table today. And I understand Mr. Flores will be here shortly.    Mr. Flores and Colonel Cook used to serve on this committee, and Mr. Flores used to be the chairman of this subcommittee last Congress. So I am sure it is a little bit of a different view for him when he gets here and sits at the witness table.    But I thank all three of you for being here.    Colonel Cook, you are now recognized.    Dr. Wenstrup. Well, thank you, Colonel Cook.    Mr. Maloney, you are now recognized.    Dr. Wenstrup. Thank you, Mr. Maloney.    And I thank you both for bringing forth these bills and speaking on them at today's subcommittee hearing.    Unless there are any questions for our colleagues, you are now excused.    I now invite our second panel to the table: Mr. Paul Varela, the assistant national legislative director for Disabled American Veterans; Mr. Brendon Gehrke, senior legislative associate for the National Legislative Service at the Veterans of Foreign Wars of the United States; Mr. Steve Gonzalez, assistant director for the Veterans Employment and Education Division at the American Legion; Mr. David Borer, general counsel for the American Federation of Government Employees and AFL-CIO; Mr. Christopher Neiweem, legislative associate at the Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America; and, finally, Mr. Rick Weidman, executive director for government affairs at the Vietnam Veterans of America.    I thank you all for being here, your service to our Nation in uniform, and for your hard work and advocacy for veterans.    Mr. Varela, we will begin with you, and you are now recognized for 5 minutes.    Dr. Wenstrup. Well, thank you very much.    Mr. Gehrke, you are now recognized for 5 minutes.    Dr. Wenstrup. Well, thank you, Mr. Gehrke.    And before we go to Mr. Gonzalez, I would like to pause for a second to recognize Mr. Flores of Texas and give him an opportunity to share his remarks on his bill, H.R. 2133.    Dr. Wenstrup. Well, thank you, Mr. Flores.    We will now continue on with the panel.    And, Mr. Gonzalez, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Dr. Wenstrup. Thank you very much.    Mr. Borer, you are now recognized for 5 minutes.    Dr. Wenstrup. Well, thank you.    Mr. Neiweem, you are now recognized for 5 minutes.    Dr. Wenstrup. Well, thank you.    Mr. Weidman, you are now recognized for 5 minutes.    Dr. Wenstrup. Well, I want to thank you all for your testimony today. I will now yield myself 5 minutes for questions.    Mr. Varela and Mr. Weidman, one argument I have heard from some critics of H.R. 2275 is that this bill would create more duplication and not less. And I would like to get your response to that criticism.    Dr. Wenstrup. Thank you.    Dr. Wenstrup. Thank you.    Mr. Borer, how do you respond to those that say that good employees want to work with good employees and watching someone you work with skirt the rules and not be held accountable damages morale and hurts retention?    Dr. Wenstrup. I think I now recognize Ranking Member Takano for any questions he may have.    Dr. Wenstrup. Without objection.    Dr. Wenstrup. Mr. Bost, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Dr. Wenstrup. Ms. Titus, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Dr. Wenstrup. In followup to that just for a second, Mr. Gehrke, if I could intervene here, you brought up recruiting at 110 percent, which I think is an interesting concept. Are there any other Federal agencies right now that are doing that that you are aware of and what kind of success rate are they having in making sure that their vacancies are filled quickly?    Dr. Wenstrup. Thank you very much.    Dr. Wenstrup. Well, if there are no further questions from our panel, you are now excused. And I thank you again for your testimony here today.    Dr. Wenstrup. I want to now recognize our final panel of witnesses today. First, I want to welcome back Mr. Curt Coy, Deputy Under Secretary for Economic Opportunity at the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs. And he is accompanied by Ms. Cathy Mitrano, Deputy Assistant Secretary for the Office of Resource Management at the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs.    We also have Ms. Teresa Gerton, who is now the Acting Assistant Secretary for the Veterans' Employment and Training Service at the U.S. Department of Labor. And finally, we have Dr. Susan Kelly, Director of the Transition to Veterans Program Office in the Office of the Under Secretary of Defense for Personnel and Readiness at the U.S. Department of Defense.    I want to thank you all for being with us today.    Mr. Coy, if you are ready, then we will begin with you. And you will be recognized for 5 minutes as soon as you get settled.    Dr. Wenstrup. Well, thank you, Mr. Coy.    Assistant Secretary Gerton, you are now recognized for 5 minutes.    Dr. Wenstrup. Thank you, Ms. Gerton.    Dr. Kelly, you are now recognized for 5 minutes.    Dr. Wenstrup. I thank you all for your remarks. And I now yield myself 5 minutes for questions.    And I will start with Ms. Gerton. We are all trying to get the best opportunities for our veterans to succeed. So I would like to get your response to the comments from the veterans groups that we heard earlier on the previous panel that believe that vets and programs for veterans in general are lost in a myriad of other missions within the DOL. You have many, many missions within the DOL, and they believe, as they testified, that transferring these programs to VA is the best option. So I am curious your response to their thoughts on that process.    Dr. Wenstrup. So you would say then that the conclusions drawn by the VSOs are incorrect?    Dr. Wenstrup. Well, thank you.    Mr. Coy, at the bill signing for the Veterans Access Choice and Accountability Act, President Obama made the following statement in support of accountability measures that are essentially the same authority provided in section 2 of H.R. 1994. And I will quote the President here. He said: ``Now, finally, we are giving the VA Secretary more authority to hold people accountable. We have got to give Bob''--McDonald--``the authority so that he can move quickly to remove senior executives who fail to meet the standards of conduct and competence that the American people demand. If you engage in an unethical practice, if you cover up a serious problem, you should be fired, period. It should be that difficult.'' End quote.    So what has changed since that time that the President and the administration have now changed their mind?    Dr. Wenstrup. So let me ask you. So you would prefer it be extended to every agency, not just VA?    Dr. Wenstrup. Well, I am just curious what has changed since the time of the statement, because at the time of the statement--the problem lies within the VA. And so we are addressing the problem that is very, very clear and in front of the American people. So I don't understand what has changed since the President made that comment.    Dr. Wenstrup. Well, I just don't see what has changed since the time that statement was made. But I appreciate your comments here today.    And, with that, I yield back my time.    And, Mr. Takano, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Dr. Wenstrup. Miss Rice, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Dr. Wenstrup. Well, thank you.    Ms. Mitrano, do you consider the right to appeal part of due process or not?    Dr. Wenstrup. Okay. Well, you have been stating here today that people would have no due process if this bill became law. And I think that is a misleading statement, considering that people have the right to appeal and, if they win their appeal, they are given their back pay. So I am afraid that I think you have skewed things a little bit in the process. But we will end with that.    And I just want to say that, if there is no further questions, the panel is now excused.    And I do want to thank everyone here today for taking the time to come and share your views on these nine bills because your input and your testimonies are very important to the legislative process, and we appreciate your insight and feedback.    I would also like to announce that the subcommittee will be holding a markup on some or all of these bills on June 25.    I ask unanimous consent that the written statement of Paralyzed Veterans of America be placed in the hearing record.    Without objection, so ordered.    Dr. Wenstrup. Finally, I ask unanimous consent that all members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on any of the bills under consideration this afternoon.    Without objection, so ordered.    Dr. Wenstrup. This hearing is now adjourned.