    Mr. Cummings. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    There has been an increasing number of sophisticated cyberattacks against Federal agencies like the Office of Personnel Management as well as private sector companies like Anthem, Primera, and Sony Pictures. These devastating cyberattacks highlight the challenges faced by public agencies and the private sector in keeping their systems secure from determined, sophisticated cyber spies.    They also highlight the need for strong congressional action to help agencies strengthen their security and modernize their information technology systems.    The problem, however, is that Republicans in Congress have spent the last several years making massive cuts to Federal agency budgets, making it harder for these agencies to upgrade their information systems, let alone maintain the systems they have.    The Internal Revenue Service is a prime example. Republicans slashed the IRS budget by almost 17 percent over the past 5 years, cutting it from $12.2 billion in 2010 to $11.2 billion in 2016. They cannot pretend that budget cuts of this magnitude have no effect.    Obviously, these massive cuts reduce the amount of funding the IRS could devote to system upgrades. These cuts also impair the ability of the IRS to hire and retain staff needed to modernize and replace outdated information systems.    As a result of these massive cuts, the IRS IT staff has dropped from 7,385 employees in 2011 to 6,730 employees today.    I completely agree that Federal agencies desperately need to upgrade their information technology systems. But if we want to talk about a ticking time bomb, let's talk about it. The ticking time bomb here is that Republicans keep slashing agency budgets year after year, and pretending that these actions have no negative repercussions.    Just yesterday, Republicans on the House Appropriations Committee released their fiscal year 2017 budget. It would slash another $236 million from the IRS budget.    We cannot expect Federal agencies to modernize, replace, and strengthen their information systems against determined, sophisticated cyber attackers without giving them the resources and tools they need to do so.    This is why I am proud to cosponsor the Information Technology Modernization Act that was recently proposed by the Obama administration and introduced in the House by my colleague from the State of Maryland, Congressman Steny Hoyer. Our fellow committee members Representatives Connolly, Lieu, Kelly, and Duckworth are also cosponsoring this bill.    The bill would improve cybersecurity by establishing a dedicated $3.1 billion information technology modernization fund to help agencies replace their outdated information systems with more modern, adaptive, and secure systems. The bill would take some of the best practices from the private sector by establishing a revolving loan fund that would be dedicated for the purpose of funding wholesale upgrades and replacing outdated information technology infrastructure. The fund would be self-sustaining because agencies that receive money for modernization projects would be required to repay it over time.    By doing this, the bill would ensure that the fund can continue to support modernization projects into the future.    The bill also would create an independent review board with experts in acquisition and cybersecurity to oversee the fund and review proposals from agencies to upgrade their systems. The board would provide technical support to agencies in implementing modernization plans, and it would provide regular monitoring to ensure that every project that receives funding would be subject to centralized oversight and expertise.    As the Government Accountability Office's newly released report on Federal agency IT systems found, Federal agencies spend almost 75 percent of their budgets on maintaining current computer systems--75 percent--which leaves little for funding the development of more modern but costly technologies that are more secure.    We hope to have the support of our chairman for this landmark legislation. And the chairman is absolutely right, this is not something that should be done on a partisan basis. This is, indeed, a bipartisan problem that must have bipartisan solutions.    So I want to thank you, Mr. Chairman, for calling this important hearing, and I look forward to the testimony of our witnesses today. And with that, I yield back.    Mr. Cummings. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    I intentionally wanted to wait and listen to some of the testimony. I listened to Mr. Lieu, and I agree with him. When we read the resumes of you all, we realize that you could be somewhere else, making a lot more money. I think, in a way, that's what is kind of depressing about this. We have people who, first of all, care, who are experts. You come into government to try to make a difference, or you have been in government, and we seem to be going in a circle, trying to get off the merry-go-round, Mr. Scott, but still going in a circle.    I'm not blaming you all. It just seems that we have a set of circumstances where we have an old system that is breaking down, trying to keep that afloat, and at the same time trying to catch up with technology that is not changing by the week, but changing by the hour. That is a tough one.    Sometimes we can start talking politics, and we still don't get to where we have to go to. That's what I want to talk about for a moment here.    Mr. Scott, you have been in your job a little less than 2 years?    Mr. Cummings. The chairman was very complimentary, gave you a lot of nice compliments, and they are deserved. You come from private industry, is that right?    Mr. Cummings. Do you see, first of all, progress? You've been there 1.5 years. Do you see us moving in the right direction?    And this is the thing that bothers me, this wrestling with this issue of money. I don't want to sit here and wrongfully say that, if we had more money, we can do better, if that is wrong, if that is not accurate. But on the other hand, if we need the money, I don't want to act like we don't.    And then there's a second part of it. We may need the money, but then the question is whether or not we are using the funds that we have effectively and efficiently.    Can you address that for me? And then tell me how does the modernization act, because I understand it is like the best practices, it's an example of best practices from private industry, how that would remedy this.    I know I have said a lot.    Mr. Cummings. You don't have to tell us what your plans are, but if I were to guess, you probably will not be in this position but so much longer.    So the question becomes, what are you doing to try to put something in place so that, after you leave, there is at least the mechanism to take us where you just said we need to go? Because I can see somebody else coming in and saying, ``You know what? Scott was a nice guy, but now he's gone, and now we're going to start all over,'' and our problems are 10 times worse.    By the way, the reason I am asking is because the American people are just totally, totally frustrated with us.    Mr. Cummings. They feel like we cannot get anything done, and I'm trying to figure out how we get something done that makes sense, solve the problems that we are talking about here, Mr. Mulvaney and all of us trying to figure out, how do we spend our money wisely and how do we get the American people what they deserve? That is a well-run system that keeps up with, as best we can, the changes in technology and, at the same time, serve them well?    Mr. Cummings. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Cummings. Mr. Scott, I want to just follow up on a few things. I want to go back to this modernization act and how it works.    According to estimates by the administration, after an initial funding of the $3.1 billion, the fund would be self-sustaining and would address at least $12 billion in modernization projects over the next 10 years. Is that right?    Mr. Cummings. Can you explain to us how the fund would be self-sustaining over that period of time?    Mr. Cummings. So how would the funds support modernization projects that exceed the initial amount of funding?    Mr. Cummings. As part of the proposal, the fund would be overseen by an independent review board, as I understand it, and that would provide technical assistance to agencies in connection with any upgrade projects the board approves. Is that the way it works?    Mr. Cummings. Can you explain how that review board would work in overseeing the fund?    Mr. Cummings. So I take it one of the things that they would be doing, this board, is trying to make sure that folks use best practices. Is that right?    Mr. Cummings. And how would they accomplish that?    Mr. Cummings. Now what are the cost savings the Federal Government would realize if this bill were adopted and implemented? I mean, I know you have to guess that.    Mr. Cummings. So I guess it would be safe to say that it would exceed the $3.1 billion.    Mr. Cummings. My last question, folks in Washington--that is us, Members--get concerned about risk. What are the arguments against doing something like this?    Mr. Cummings. That is the greater risk.    Mr. Cummings. I want to thank all of you very much.    Mr. Chairman, I yield back.