    Ms. Bohlen. Good morning, Committee Chairman Chaffetz, Ranking Minority Member Cummings, and esteemed congressional committee members. I appreciate the invitation to speak before this illustrious committee this morning to discuss my experiences with regard to the violations of the Title VII Civil Rights Act of 1964 and Section 501 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973. Unfortunately, I was subjected to these violations at the behest of the EPA Region 5 administrator, Ms. Susan Hedman, and her former deputy administrator, Mr. Bharat Mathur, the two highest level managers in the region.    In God I trust that my testimony today, along with that of my colleagues present here this morning, will not result in further retaliation. We have the courage to speak before you, acknowledging that we have undergone 4 years of turmoil and consternation as a result of performing the requirements of our jobs. The actions waged against us were, indeed, an infringement of our civil rights and an embarrassment to the Agency at large.    I want to acknowledge and thank Mr. Waite Stuhl, my legal counsel, who is here with us today. My testimony is not intended to diminish or tarnish the meaningful work that many Region 5 employees, supervisors, and managers engage in on a daily basis to ensure that the air that we breathe, the water that we drink, and the land in which we live is safe for us all. I have devoted my career and efforts as a manager to the mission of the EPA. I will note that I am the recipient of the Regional Administrator's Award for Excellence, which was presented by Susan Hedman in June 2010, for outstanding achievement in EEO through redesigning the Region 5 Mentoring Program. I also received the national prestigious Manager of the Year Award from the Federal Managers Association in 2010 as well.    Nevertheless, I will speak about the office bullying, mismanagement, and retaliation that I was subjected to while serving as director of the Office of Civil Rights from September 12, 2010, to July 31, 2011. My life and professional career was disrupted to the point that I had to file a formal discrimination complaint against the Agency in September 2011. The complaint was based upon the overt discrimination practices that were perpetrated against me and my staff during that period.    On August 23, 2010, I was selected by Ms. Hedman and Mr. Mathur to provide my leadership and assistance in restructuring and redirecting Region 5's OCR. As my personnel records indicated, I was reassigned as the director of the Office of Civil Rights.    Mr. Mathur had been the second-in-line supervisor for the OCR for several years. The office had been grossly mismanaged, and Mr. Mathur asked that I clean it up. He asked me what it would take for me to consider the job. I remarked that it would take a GS-15 for me to undertake the challenge. I explained to Mr. Mathur that I was a person with a disabling condition and with documented reasonable accommodations. Both Mr. Mathur and Ms. Hedman were eager for me to start the job, and they thanked me for accepting it.    Although my effective date was September 2010, I began working in August of 2010. I worked two jobs simultaneously. Mr. Ronald Harris was the EEO officer and the highest-performing employee in the OCR. We worked long, arduous hours developing overdue reports, preparing strategic 2- and 3-year plans, and I rewrote existing manuals, prepared Special Emphasis events, while reorganizing and restructuring each group.    The work was grueling. The office was understaffed and lacking resources. I repeatedly informed Mr. Mathur of the staff shortages. Mr. Mathur continued to give me assignments. Some were not related to OCR, like being made to prepare speeches for him and Susan Hedman, which is very odd, especially since they had two speechwriters dedicated to them.    The work was unrelenting, and with computer work and extensive writing, I made Mr. Mathur aware that I had begun to experience serious pain in my neck, shoulders, and back.    In January 2011, Ms. Cynthia Colquitt, a former employee of OCR, came to us on a detail. She did an excellent job. Ms. Colquitt went on to receive the Region 5 Administrator's Professional Award.    They staged a show to support OCR, but did not take the time to discuss the 2010 Regional Workforce Status and Analysis Report, which illustrated the participation rate of general schedule grades by race, ethnicity, and sex. It showed the full and part-time trends which demonstrated and impacted the racial makeup of the region as compared to EPA nationally and compared to the national civilian labor force.    Mr. Mathur and Ms. Hedman cancelled both meetings with the EEO Office on three different occasions. When Mr. Mathur was asked why we are postponing the meetings, he laughingly responded to Mr. Harris and I and said, ``This meeting is cancelled indefinitely,'' and he walked away from us and closed the door.    It was apparent that these managers who set the tone for the region failed to embrace diversity and the principles of EEO in their leadership roles. The chances of addressing upward mobility initiatives and advancement of qualified minorities to higher graded positions was a moot point with them.    Ms. Bohlen. Okay.    Ms. Bohlen. To my knowledge, he was touching, groping her, kissing her, and she was feeling very uncomfortable by his advances. She had asked him to stop, and he continued to do it. And Dr. Bertram's advances were well known by management, and they had just been going on for years.    The intern, along with two other ladies, came to my office, along with Mr. Harris, to report the situation. They were very upset, all of them. What they finally did was to give a number of testimonies to us. Mr. Harris and I prepared a 12-page summary document and prepared it for the human capital officer, the Office of Regional Counsel, as well as Mr. Mathur. And we gave the allegations, the persons who were involved, the comments that were given, and we gave recommendations.    Ms. Bohlen. Mr. Mathur was irate with Mr. Harris and myself for writing up the 12-page summary. He questioned us and shouted and yelled at us, intimidated us, and said: Why did you report this to headquarters? Mr. Harris stated to him that it is the procedure to report sexual harassment and discrimination claims to headquarters. Mr. Mathur banged on his desk, pointed his finger, and said he was not interested in hearing the EEO, and he used and expletive when he referred to it.    Ms. Bohlen. He has retired.    Ms. Bohlen. Paul Bertram, to my understanding, retired. But he was seen in the building several times for several months after that at meetings, at various meetings. So I can't tell you exactly why he was there, but it looked suspicious.    Ms. Bohlen. I do. I do think that this is exactly what is needed.    Ms. Bohlen. Yes.    Ms. Bohlen. Yes. There is definitely the culture.    Ms. Bohlen. Yes, we have.    Ms. Bohlen. Actually, I think that the higher-ups are not concerned with those types of cases.    And, by the way, I might add that I was removed from the Office of Civil Rights as a result of my doing my job. Mr. Harris and I worked diligently with employees and with managers to make sure that they understood the policies of EEO and affirmative action. And I think that the attitude comes from the top. And if----    Ms. Bohlen. Well, it is the top of our regional office. And, of course, that should come from headquarters. I think it is a trickle-down effect.    Ms. Bohlen. That is correct.    Ms. Bohlen. Yes, we were.    Ms. Bohlen. Yes.    Ms. Bohlen. I will defer to Mr. Harris.    Ms. Bohlen. Yes. Absolutely.    Ms. Bohlen. And I might add that there is a certain clique of managers that seem to follow the same pattern. It is not all supervisors and managers that have this opinion or that operate in this manner.    But there is a certain faction within EPA that seems to have the attitude that Mr. Harris just--the arrogance and the entitlement and that idea of being above the law. And those are the managers that taint the region, that cause low employee morale. And those are the ones that need to be isolated and dealt with and held accountable.    Ms. Bohlen. I agree with my colleagues to my left. This is a very serious situation for us----    Ms. Bohlen. I am sorry. I agree with my colleagues on the left. It is a very serious situation for us to deal with, and if we were not to have that protection, none of us would--neither of the three of us would be here today. So----    Ms. Bohlen. --that is my response.    Ms. Bohlen. May I comment?    Ms. Bohlen. Yes. The denial of workplace benefits and privileges is one way of retaliating. Harassment. Then you have the removal, the backdating of personnel actions to change the situation so that it appears to be what management wants it to be.    Ms. Bohlen. Yes.    Ms. Bohlen. Very prevalent.    Ms. Bohlen. Absolutely.    Ms. Bohlen. No.    Ms. Bohlen. Mr. Mather stated on several occasions that he had consulted with Ms. Hedman and that they had agreed on certain negative aspects of what happened to me in the retaliation, like the removal from the OCR, like not allowing me to have the temporary medical flexiplace, episodic flexiplace, I was denied the workplace privileges and benefits, and also involved in backdating personnel documents, which I think is a serious issue.    I see that her name was on those documents, signed those documents. So there was some involvement, yes.    Ms. Bohlen. Yes, I just wanted to interject something.    It seemed as though Susan Hedman made herself involved in the GLNPO program, the Great Lakes national program, as a result, I think, of an enormous grant that was given. And Dr. Bertram was a scientist that was very, very important in completing the projects involved in that GLNPO grant. And I think that they were trying to hold onto him for that reason specifically until some of the work was, you know, either transferred to someone else or that he was able to at least get involved with cleaning up some of the project.    Ms. Bohlen. Yes, it was. At the hands of Ms. Hedman.    Ms. Bohlen. Uh-huh.    Ms. Bohlen. I have not.    Ms. Bohlen. Yes, I think that disciplinary action is necessary for those who are violators of Federal policies, rules, and regulations. And I think that accountability, as Mr. Harris said, is very, very important. There should be some type of stringent action coming from the top down to reinforce the fact that retaliation, sexual harassment, discrimination, and the like will not be tolerated here. And I think that will be done through example.    Ms. Bohlen. Right.    Ms. Bohlen. Yes.    Ms. Bohlen. Uh-huh.    Ms. Bohlen. Yes, he is.    Ms. Bohlen. Uh-huh.    Ms. Bohlen. Yes.