    Mr. Cook. Chairman Goodlatte, Ranking Member Conyers, and Members of the Committee, first of all, thank you very much for giving me the opportunity to address you and to give you the perspective of career prosecutors with respect to H.R. 699.    And let me get right to it. The importance of the Stored Communications Act or SCA, to the law enforcement community simply cannot be overstated. At issue are records of contact and communication by Internet and cell service providers. To understand the importance of these records to the law enforcement world, I'd ask you to pause and think for a minute about how these powerful resources are being used in the criminal world.    Child predators troll the Internet 24/7 for children to lure them away from their parents and their homes. Purveyors of child pornography often, with graphic pictures of children, sometimes infants being sexually molested, sell those images electronically across the Internet. Terrorists boast of their horrific crimes posting pictures of those online, and international drug dealers, gangs, and others involved in organized crime communicate effectively with coconspirators through email and texts.    When you realize how pervasive this technology is in the criminal world, you quickly realize that the evidence covered by the SCA, or the Stored Communications Act, is central to our ability to solve virtually every type of crime. And our ability to access this information covered by the SCA and to access it quickly, can literally mean the difference between life and death. It can mean the difference between recovering a child alive and returning her to her parents, instead of the child being a victim of a vicious predator determined to commit unspeakable crimes.    And even beyond the critical role of stopping violent crimes in progress and rescuing victims, evidence covered by the Stored Communications Act is often central to the search for truth in our courts and our ability to bring those most dangerous in our community to justice.    But here are the problems with ECPA, and both the opening statements by the Chair and Ranking Member recognize this, ECPA and the Stored Communications Act were enacted in 1986. That was before much of this technology was in use, before any of us had any idea of its capabilities. And to continue to use a statutory framework with definitions that were enacted before any of this technology was known is just simply not workable. It does not fit.    That brings me back to H.R. 699. The primary goal of this bill seems to be to codify, correctly we would submit, Warshak and the extension of the Fourth Amendment protections to email in storage, and text in storage over 180 days. This is an issue on which we can all agree, but the bill goes farther. It goes much farther, and we respectfully submit, demonstrates a need for a comprehensive, not piecemeal reform. In my written testimony, I have addressed a number, but by far, not all of the concerns that we have.    I'd like to highlight two places where this bill creates or perpetuates limitations on law enforcement that far exceed those imposed, far exceed those imposed anywhere else in the law, burdens greater than those related to the search of a home, burdens greater than those related to the search of a body cavity.    While the Email Privacy Act expands Fourth Amendment protections and imposes a warrant requirement to compel disclosure of stored email or text, the statute does not recognize any of the well-established exceptions to the warrant requirement that would be applicable in every other circumstance. I know of no other area of the law where this is the case.    Second, the Email Privacy Act also imposes notice requirements unlike those found anywhere else in the law. The government has long been required to serve a copy of the search warrant on the person at the property being searched, and that requirement makes sense. It demonstrates to the homeowner or the business operator the authority for the search, and that homeowner or property owner is then free, in the usual course, to tell whoever they wish about it.    But the government has never been required and the law has never required the government to reach out to third parties and notify them of the search. It's not a discovery provision designed to alert those who are under criminal investigation of the ongoing investigation. And although there are specific, in fact, two-and-a-half pages of rules that would control when that can be extended, this simply is a rule that has never been imposed in any other context.    In conclusion, I'd just like to say that criminals have, and we have seen that they have unlimited access to these modern and powerful resources, and they make full use of them. For us on the law enforcement side to do our job, access to this information is critical. Information covered by the SCA has to be accessible to us.    That access, we respectfully recognize, of course, should be consistent with the privacy protections afforded by the Constitution, but Congress should not, as this bill proposes, impose new unprecedented and unwarranted limitations that will tie our hands in doing our jobs. Thank you.    Mr. Cook. I'd love an opportunity to explain the----    Mr. Cook. I understand, sir.    Mr. Cook. My answer is yes, it would be constitutional.    Mr. Cook. Well, I think the critical distinction is the one that the SEC has already drawn, and that is that the subpoena at issue there was a grand jury subpoena, one issued with no notice to anybody. The Fourth Amendment to the United States Constitution, as we all know, has never imposed a warrant requirement without any exceptions or without any other way to meet the reasonableness clause.    Mr. Cook. The answer to that, of course, is yes. The use of a Stingray or Triggerfish, cell site simulator, under certain circumstances would trigger Fourth Amendment protections. That is to say that either a warrant or one of the exceptions. And there are many occasions when law enforcement uses a Stingray and it does so under the emergency aid or exigent circumstances exception.    Mr. Cook. I'm not sure I understand.    Mr. Cook. Well, when law enforcement seeks prospective tracking of a suspect, as was the case in Jones, an ongoing tracking, then the Fourth Amendment is implicated. And I think Jones resolved that for us.    Mr. Cook. That's a great question. And of course, as I can tell from your questioning, you're fully familiar with the court struggling with that issue, the fourth and the fifth circuit and other courts divided on that. And so part of the division I think is driven by an understanding of the technology. The technology with respect to some location information is that it's just not as specific as GPS tracking. And with respect to that, the courts have recognized that there's----    Mr. Cook. The other longstanding doctrine, of course, that touches on that is the one that the courts have pointed to, and that is the Smith and Miller third-party records doctrine.    Mr. Cook. Well, I'm troubled by the characterization.    Mr. Cook. No, sir. I think that the bill is narrow, in fact, expansively limits in a couple of unprecedented ways law enforcement's ability to do their job.    Mr. Cook. Yes.    Mr. Cook. That was easy. Thank you.    Mr. Cook. Yes, sir. And I'm concerned that we've lost sight of that issue and the exigent or emergency aid exception issue, so if I could just begin with that. The concern that we have is many of these investigations, whether it's child pornography or any other type of investigation, many fraud investigations involve dozens, sometimes hundreds or thousands sometimes in child pornography cases of targets. For us to get the content and then have to let the target of the investigation know is a new discovery requirement that puts the targets, whether it's terrorism or otherwise, on notice that we're looking at them. It's unprecedented, I've said that, unprecedented in our law.    Mr. Cook. That is correct.    Mr. Cook. That's correct.    Mr. Cook. So I think it's important for me to point out that in our discussions already, we have drawn parallels with the Fourth Amendment as it applies in other contexts. And everybody seems in agreement that that's the goal, is to make the bill parallel Fourth Amendment protections.    But this bill does more than that. And here's why. For example, if you have terrorists working out of an apartment, a third-party's apartment, and there is evidence in that apartment, we get a search warrant, search that apartment, there's no obligation for us to tell the terrorists that we've gotten evidence out of that apartment that can be used against them.    Mr. Cook. As an email user, I could not agree more, but I think that the Fourth Amendment has already reached that balance because in the analogy that I've given you, when we search that third-party's home or service provider, that homeowner or service provider is within their rights to contact whomever they want to notify them.    There has never been an obligation for the government to figure out who the evidence is going to be used against and to notify them. That's why I say this is unique in the law, and I've never seen it before.    Mr. Cook. Not indefinitely. There's a 180-day limitation, and then there's a recurring obligation to reach back to the court.    Mr. Cook. That is correct. There are narrow limitations on it. For example, one of the limitations is that if we can show that there would be harm to another individual, but there are many times when the harm could be to a community rather than an individual, and I wish I could report to you that all judges are reasonable and will always, in the right circumstances, limit that new constant--or this new statutory notice rule, but the truth is that that just isn't how it works, and expanding these obligations on the government will come with great risk in serious cases.    Mr. Cook. Of course. Of course it is, and there are times when that will--that this agreement will result in notification to--under this newly created rule, to targets of criminal investigations and alert them to allow them to flee or otherwise destroy evidence or otherwise engage in bad behavior.