    Mr. Conyers. Chairman Issa, we have not conducted a hearing on the devastating impact that overwhelming student loan debt has on families and on our Nation's economy, or how to strengthen protections for employees and retirees of companies and municipalities that seek bankruptcy relief, or the life-threatening public health and safety ramifications of penny-wise but, in my view, dollar-foolish budget cuts made by unelected emergency financial managers, as illustrated by the catastrophic Flint water crisis and the hazardous condition of Detroit public school buildings in Michigan. And these are matters that affect millions of hardworking Americans and that have real consequences, not the illusionary so-called triple threat referred to in the title of today's hearings; and I use the term ``illusionary'' because there is no empirical evidence that regulations have a deleterious impact on job growth.    In fact, one could argue that a strong regulatory environment actually promotes job growth. For example, my colleagues here, on the other side, assert that the current Administration has issued an unprecedented number of regulations. Assuming that is true for the sake of argument, how can they ignore these facts? Three of them: unemployment has fallen by half since the 2008 Great Recession. The United States is in the midst of one of the longest-running streaks of private sector job creation in history; and three, 14 million new jobs have been created over the past 7 years.    And what about the impact of regulation on wages? The Economic Report of the President, which was just issued earlier this week, reports that wages grew faster last year than at any time since the Great Recession.    Admittedly, wages have not increased as much as they should; they have remained flat, but the cause is not because of overregulation. Rather, wage stagnation is largely a symptom of workplace inequality fostered by declining union membership and the resultant diminished bargaining power of lower- and middle-wage workers.    Sixty years ago, 1 out of every 4 workers belonged to a union. Now, today, less than 10 percent of Americans belong to a union. In fact, union membership in some states is less than 3 percent. Declining unionization, according to one study, accounts for between a fifth and a third of the increase of inequality since the 1970's.    And finally, with regard to the illusionary thought that regulations inhibit the creation of new businesses, this too is inaccurate. Startup companies, by bringing new products and services to the marketplace, are vital to productivity growth in the United States. And startups create jobs.    In 2013, startups created more than 2 million new jobs, compared with established firms that accounted for over 8 million new jobs. Unfortunately, there are real barriers to entry for new companies. Weak antitrust enforcement over the years has substantially reduced competition, thereby allowing larger firms to squeeze new entrants.    In addition, existing firms often lobby for rules protecting them from new entrants. Eliminating these real barriers to entry should be our Committee's priority, not spending, yet another hearing dealing with illusionary problems. And in closing, I want to thank the witnesses for their presence and participation. I look forward to the hearing of their testimony, and I thank the Chairman for his indulgence.