    Mr. Franks. Well, thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And thank all of you for being here.    General Keane, I don't ever want to let a general stand before this committee without expressing gratitude for your service and for just your commitment to protect human freedom, especially my little babies. I appreciate it.    I was especially moved by your comments related to the resolve that I think the enemy tries to consider as much as anything else. And the administration's AUMF mentions using American forces, ``in support of partners on the ground and local forces to combat ISIS.''    One of my concerns is that there is an ancillary effect that it might end up where we are even indirectly funding Shia militia proxies of Iran, and it might actually increase their standing in the world to the extent that it might actually increase their opportunity to one day gain a nuclear weapons capability. And do you think that the AUMF, as it stands now, opens us up to the potential of the ancillary effect of fighting alongside Iran?    General Keane. Well, clearly we cannot disguise the fact that there are Shia militia that is largely protecting Baghdad and also the shrines, the Shia shrines, north and south, that are present there, and some of them have been trained by the Iranians. And they also have been effective, and they will continue to be effective. So that reality is on the ground and it is not going to change.    That does not mean that when Iraq gets its total territory back and its sovereignty is returned to its borders that Iran is going to have a grip on Iraq that is totally dysfunctional. The Iraqis don't want that. Certainly Abadi wants no part of that.    He also did not turn down, his predecessor didn't turn down, when he asked for help, airplanes started arriving day one. And we put off help for a few months, if you will recall that. And he was not about to turn that help down from a practical matter.    When you look at it geopolitically, Iraq wants to stand on its own two feet. Iran will always have an influence there, given its neighbor and also given the fact that they have helped them here.    But I do think that the coalition that is coming together to help Iraq and to return its sovereignty, we will have a long-term strategic relationship with Iraq on a path that we had intended to do back in 2009, when we had driven this Al Qaeda in Iraq into their rat holes. So I think those opportunities are still there.    I don't think that the Shia militia backed by the Iranians forecloses on a strategic relationship with Iraq over the long term that makes sense to us in terms of a country that has wealth, an educated class of people, and is a force for stability in the region. Those opportunities are still there.    Mr. Franks. Well, thank you. It occurs to me that emphasizing our relationship to the Kurds and helping them as much as possible might be a safer alternative there, but one of the great concerns that I think all of us have is that we--you know, one of the gentlemen mentioned here, we have been fighting this radical Islamist ideology for 1,400 years. And so without defining our enemy or essentially by that ideology, it is difficult for me to know how that we engage them strategically.    I mean, we have fought terrorism tactically very successfully. We have had unprecedented success. But I think that we have failed to engage them strategically.    And so I guess I would ask what would your thoughts be to some language in an AUMF that might sort of--I know it is deep water, but to holistically identify this ideology so that we are able to confront it where it emerges instead of just kind of coming up with some fuzzy associational definitions?    General Keane. You know, I sympathize, you know, with your desire to do that because you are frustrated, like I am, that we don't have a comprehensive strategy to deal with this and it has gone on far too long. And when you watch the growth of--the continued growth of Al Qaeda, and now watching the growth of ISIS, it is particularly difficult to recognize that we still haven't come to grips with it.    But this is not the document to put those means in there, even though you are frustrated and you are tempted to want to do that. It is just inappropriate to do it.    I think it would set a terrible precedent for authorizing military force. I think you would get significant pushback from the--and justifiably so--from the President and his team.    I think bringing the national leadership in here and putting them in front of you and asking them to explain what is the strategy to deal with radical Islam, and evaluating that and assessing that, and pushing on them, I think that is much more appropriate to deal with than to try to put some expression of it in this document--in the authorization for military force. I think it is inappropriate.    Mr. Franks. Thank you, sir.    The Chairman. Mr. Takai.