    Mr. Peters. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. My colleagues know that I practiced law in this field before I got into government, and so I'm pretty sympathetic with some of the stuff that you are talking about.    And, Mr. Brady, I want to ask you a question, couple of questions, just to make sure I understand what the objection is.    You gave an example about overtime rules that might take effect for a business who's maybe already into a project, and so I understand the problem is the law or the courts. And you couldn't recover those. Obviously, if you were forced to pay these wages because a new rule came into effect, you were to pursue, overturn the rule, you would still be out the money. Would that not be irreparable harm under the law, and you are just not getting an injunction from the court?    Mr. Peters. Right. But I'm thinking that maybe the objection is more that the courts are not doing their jobs under the current standard by recognizing, this is irreparable harm; this is money I can't get back, might be a lot of money. In this micro level, forget about the billion dollars, it's irreparable harm to that business. And I would say that I would agree with that, but the problem is maybe the courts aren't observing that.    Mr. Peters. Okay.    Mr. Peters. Okay. The other thing is you talked about the idea of a law coming into effect while a project was going on. Has there ever been an attempt to grandfather projects that are, say, permitted or under construction so that they are not subject to new regulations, and is that something that you think would be constructive?    Mr. Peters. Well, in this particular case, there would be--that wouldn't be applicable. But I guess the question you raised in my mind was whether, you know, you're doing a project and all of a sudden the law changes, maybe the project would be protected from that through the duration of the permitting?    Mr. Peters. That's not the issue.    Mr. Peters. Right.    Mr. Noe, I wanted you to give you a chance to respond to Professor Buzbee. So with respect to these letters that you get from an agency, it was often my experience that you desperately wanted the agency to tell you what they meant by this, how they were going to treat it so you can count on it. And I understand the frustration you state of, you know, you have been relying on a particular interpretation for many years, all of a sudden the agency changes it, and that's got to stink. I get that.    But on the other side, how do you deal with the fact that you might further bureaucratize this process by telling them that if you do give us an answer to this question, we might sue you? And the thing we talk a lot about here is empowering people to make decisions. And it seems to me--so I would just like you to sort of respond to the professor about how that would be----    Mr. Peters. I actually think we--I agree on the phenomenon, and I actually have a lot of examples that I get steamed about where the government gets away from what Congress intended, the government actually is fighting with its own citizens of its own businesses. It drives me crazy.    I just want to--I have 14 seconds left, so I won't be able to talk about it now. But I would love to talk to you more about how to preserve the flexibility, to answer a small business's question about what the heck am I supposed to do, because that's often how it comes up, without doing this thing that you describe, which is to really--to be unfair, to be inconsistent with the law, which is something that deserves a remedy. I just don't think we've landed the plane on that yet and I would like to talk about it more.    Mr. Chairman my time has expired.