    Mr. Miller. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    General Dunford, looking back at the 2012-2014 Strategic Guidance and Defense Reviews, what specifically has changed in the geopolitical world? And based on those changes, is it safe to say that we need to look at--following on what Mr. Forbes said--recalibration or resizing of our current forces?    General Dunford. Congressman, thanks. I would say that the most significant changes: one has been Russia; two has been the rise of ISIL. We talked about the behavior of China in the South China Sea, and certainly the capability development of North Korea have all been a concern. Iran remains a concern, but, quite frankly, the trajectory that they have been on was predictable even as those strategy documents were written, and so I think we accounted for Iran; but in the four other areas, we have seen either capability development or behavior or a combination of the two that have significantly changed the operating environment over the last few years.    Mr. Miller. And I do think it is important that the American people understand the guidance that was used to set the size and shape of the force, and the current guidance, as you have already stated, said to defeat a regional adversary and deny another aggressor in the another region. However, in your written statement, you stated that, quote, ``The joint force will be challenged to respond to a major written contingency,'' unquote, and that, quote, ``Capability and capacity shortfalls would be particularly acute if the force were called to respond to a second contingency on an overlapping timeline.''    So I would think that this might suggest that there is a significant risk that the joint force wouldn't even be able to execute a single major contingency operation. Is that true?    General Dunford. Congressman, our assessment is we can meet the requirements of a single contingency. There is significant risk in our ability to do that, certain capability areas would be particularly stressed, but we can accomplish the objectives, albeit with much more time and probably casualties than we would like.    Mr. Miller. The guidance calls for sufficient forces to execute, as you just said, two contingency operations, defeating one aggressor and denying the other. So, you know, if you put it in a real world scenario, could the current force today defeat a North Korea and deny Russia while at the same time defending the homeland?    General Dunford. Congressman, we would be challenged to do those three things. Our assessment is we can do that, again, but it would take more time, particularly in the case of North Korea. It would take more time, and we would see more casualties than we would want to have.    Mr. Miller. So the Department has cut the end strength and the force structure on the assumption that it did have the sufficient forces to carry out the assumptions that are there. So, given the current strategic environment, will the Department need to revisit the force size and guidance?    General Dunford. Congressman, just to be clear, in terms of cutting force structure, my perspective is, you know, force structure is one element, but what is most important is that the force structure that we have has the proper resourcing to be well trained and well equipped. And so what I believe we have done inside the budget is we have got the force structure that is affordable within the top line that we have, and we can achieve the balance between the training, the resourcing, the modernization, the infrastructure support, and the force structure, all those things have to be combined. And so, you know, my assessment is that we are trying to get the balance right as opposed to saying that the current force structure is absolutely the best force structure we could have.    Mr. Miller. Thank you.    I yield back.    The Chairman. Ms. Tsongas.