    Mr. Tomaszewski. Chairman Donovan, Ranking Member Bass, thank you for this opportunity to testify before you today on effective democracy assistance on the African continent.    IRI currently works in 14 sub-Saharan African countries with grants from USAID, State Department, and the National Endowment for Democracy.    IRI is also a partner of the CEPPS consortium, which you've heard about today. As a former country director for IRI's Kenya office and a deputy country director in South Sudan and Egypt, I've seen firsthand the impact of democracy assistance. Direct impact.    Mr. Chairman, Africans today are largely committed to democracy over other forms of government. According to a 2014 analysis, Biafra barometer, 7 in 10 Africans prefer democracy and a proportion of those rejecting alternatives rose steadily over the past decade.    African nations that remain undemocratic grappled with protracted conflict, transnational migration, corruption and leaders who, despite the outward appearance of being democratic, maintain their hold on power to the detriment of their population.    We must fully appreciate the link between failures of governance, refugee flows and the draw of extremist groups like ISIS, al-Shabaab, Boko Haram across the continent. A secure and stable Africa is of paramount national security to the United States.    The development of functional and institutionalized democratic systems is the only way to ensure that in the long term African countries will be equipped to meet the needs and expectations of their rapidly growing populations.    Nigeria, for example--and it's an example we've talked a lot about today--is of great strategic importance to the United States. The country's 2015 elections are a good case study indeed for effective U.S. democracy assistance.    Since Nigeria's 1999 return to citizen rule, IRI and its CEPPS partners have implemented DRG programs to strengthen capacity of the ruling and opposition parties, election management bodies, civil society, the media and, most importantly, the voters.    In the end, and despite some of its shortcomings, the election resulted in the peaceful handover of power from the incumbent President Jonathan to the now-President Buhari.    Mr. Chairman, the importance of this outcome for Africa's most populous country cannot be overstated. This peaceful transfer of power was not the result of a single election but a series of regular and sustained electoral contests for President that enabled the system to mature and become more democratic over time.    U.S. assistance through IRI, NDI, IFES, and our local partners has made a significant contribution to this successful outcome.    Mr. Chairman, in spite of these successful programs, however, the environment in which we operate--our organizations--including the political and operating context, funding levels and administrative landscape presents substantial challenges.    Our experience shows that DRG funding for Africa ramps up in advance of elections. Of IRI's current USAID and State Department funded programs in Africa, 80 percent focus substantially on support to electoral processes.    In each case, funding for the inner electoral period is uncertain. Elections are seminal events indeed in democratic societies, and we must recognize that fundamental democratic deficits in political systems lie in the day-to-day business of governments and their relationships with citizens between elections.    Where democracy assistance is limited to electoral processes, the funding often becomes available to implementers late in the pre-election period. For instance, in Tanzania the CEPPS partnership received funding in June 2015, only 5 months prior to the October 2015 elections.    Similarly, in Uganda, where we've just had a very interesting election, the CEPPS partners received funding in late May 2015 for February 2016 elections. In both cases, DRG support in the post-election period has not yet been determined, though it is critically needed for both countries, I think we would all agree.    Furthermore, over the last few years, IRI has experienced firsthand the realities of a challenging funding landscape. DRG programs account for only 4.7 percent of overall foreign assistance.    Total U.S. Government support for DRG programs has been on the decline, falling by 38 percent between 2009 and 2015, with Africa receiving a 44 percent cut during that period, according to an analysis by InterAction.    At this important juncture in Africa's development, now is the time to reinforce our commitment to resilient democracies by funding DRG programs at robust levels.    Finally, and this is something that's been commented on already, selecting the appropriate procurement mechanism for DRG awards is an essential component to achieving impactful sustainable results.    USAID has released a revised ADS Chapter 304 and we understand we'll be providing USAID employees with amplifying guidance on the applicability of ADS 304 to DRG awards.    We commend USAID for taking this action and urge that USAID Missions implement the new regulations as intended and that both USAID and Congress conduct applicable oversight.    Mr. Chairman, in his historic 1982 Westminster speech--and I have to talk about President Reagan--and at the height of the Cold War, President Ronald Reagan said of democracies, ``Day by day, democracy is proving itself to be a not at all fragile flower.''    I share President Reagan's optimism that with effective U.S. assistance, IRI and its partners, can have a large impact in consolidating democracy in Africa.    Thank you.    Mr. Tomaszewski. Well, I think that the very important aspect here is that there are more elections and they're happening more frequently, and when you have that happen you have more and more of an opportunity to get it right.    Additionally, when we talk about 7 in 10 Africans, we're talking about people who are participating in a process and learning how to become more involved in their government. I think this goes back to part of the testimony that I was talking about where elections are something, when done over and over again, more people feel a part of the process.    We often talk about one activity we're doing in one country for one election like civic and voter education. That education process is certainly something that has to be done, but much more deeply than just how to vote. In a lot of these countries--I know in Kenya--people know how to vote. They know how to do it. But it's all the things around the election that really concern them.    And, of course, Kenya is one example where perhaps it's a little more polarized about the opinion of whether or not those elections are free and fair or not, and it's often tied to the outcome more than just the operation and the process.    So it's a little bit of a mix of everything. But I think the trend is that it's a sign that more elections are happening and there's more opportunities for people to participate, so they feel more engaged.    When you feel more engaged, you have a stake to play, and you certainly have a more enlightened view about the election itself, and you look at it as something--well, it happened--I participated. It may not be perfect but I feel like I was a part of it.    Mr. Tomaszewski. You mentioned about how funding ramps up right before an election and I wanted you to talk a little bit more about that because I was under the assumption that funding is given out in a calendar year or fiscal year.    So are RFPs put out or something? Explain what you meant by that.    Mr. Tomaszewski. Well, the procurement process depending on the mission, depending on the funder, certainly has a role to play in that. Also, you have situations like you have in DRC right now where funders are waiting to see what's happening, right?    You don't want to go down a road of funding a certain set of priorities in an election program when you may need to go in another way. So I think that plays a role in it.    More concerning for us, though, is that when we treat elections as an episode----    Mr. Tomaszewski . As a thing that happens once we don't realize--and we asked some questions about historically marginalized groups, women and youth--how do you impact them and empower them if 6 months before an election you're just touching them--you're just starting to engage them.    You're just starting to talk to a woman and help her to prepare herself to run for a competitive election in a landscape that's tilted against her from the beginning. You can't do that 6 months out.    Mr. Tomaszewski. Well, I can cite the example I used in my testimony regarding Tanzania. To have an elections program or elections assistance, which we received from USAID funding through our CEPPS partnership just 5 months to the election.    And when we were asked to submit a proposal for this project, we were given a very short time line to come up with the projects, to put them down in time, to bring the partners together, to engage about what was our strategy, what was our entry point.    And to do that with such a close time to elections it's very hard. You've got to really stretch yourself very thin just to make the impact that you need to get the right assistance that's needed on the ground.    Mr. Tomaszewski. It may be ongoing. It may be available. But, certainly, it has to go through that process of putting the RFP out there, of putting the--coming up with the funding mechanism and the timing for it. These are things, of course, we would like to see happen a lot earlier in the process.    Mr. Tomaszewski. Yes.    Mr. Tomaszewski. No.    Mr. Tomaszewski. Let's look at Tanzania. For the first time we saw a really strong competitive election from the opposition through Ukawa.    We saw many, many youth who were never involved in elections get inspired and be involved in elections. We have many, many youth and women who have been elected to Parliament and other positions in government, and they need our help now so, one, they can get elected.    Mr. Tomaszewski. Two, so the youth--the civil society youth networks that were built pre-election can be continued and strengthened. I think we go back to our question of Ghana. We do our victory dance. They have peaceful transfers of power, successful elections and then all of a sudden we think well, we're good--let's go home.    Mr. Tomaszewski. And now what we're seeing in a place like Ghana today, we've kind of left our foot off the gas and now we're moving into a possible crisis.    Mr. Tomaszewski. And planning on the part of U.S. assistance providers.