    Mr. Labrador. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman. I am pleased to introduce Dustin Miller this morning. It is great to have him here. He is a graduate of the University of Idaho, with a degree in environmental science. He served as a natural resources field coordinator to Idaho Senator Larry Craig before he joined Governor Otter's Office of Species Conservation in 2008.    At OSC he served first as a Project Manager and Policy Advisor for Terrestrial Wildlife Issues, and has served as the Administrator of the agency for nearly 3 years now. The Office of Species Conservation is charged with coordinating and implementing policies and programs related to the conservation and recovery of species listed as threatened, endangered, or candidate under the Endangered Species Act in Idaho. In his position at OSC, Dustin has worked tirelessly and led statewide efforts to develop Idaho's sage grouse management plan. They have done a terrific job, and I thank you for being here today.    The Chairman. Thank you. I appreciate that.    Kathleen, I will apologize. You are from my state. It is not going to be as flowery as the other introductions. I apologize for that.    She had the opportunity of having a lot of experience in the state of Utah, and then, I think about the time I came back here, she also came back here as the Director of the Bureau of Land Management. She spent 5 years in that thankless job, and did a marvelous job in trying to bring some kind of balance to the entire situation. After retirement from that, she has gone back to the state where she is still working now with Governor Herbert's Office, dealing with the Public Lands Policy Coordinating Office.    I have to admit, in a whole bunch of areas when it has come to land issues, you have been a valuable resource in everything that we are trying to do in Utah, from the public lands initiative, to this area that deals with sage grouse. I appreciate your willingness to come back here and be with us in a hearing room that you have, I am sure, many fond and maybe not-so-fond memories from your past experience.    The Chairman. But it is great to have you here. I thank all the witnesses, especially because I know how long it takes to travel from out in the real world, where we live, to come back here; so I appreciate you doing that.    With that, and with appreciation for making the break so we could do those, I would go back to our opening statements. I will recognize the Vice Chairman, the gentlelady from Wyoming.    Mr. Labrador. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. We started this hearing, I guess, talking about the dodo bird. Does anybody know when the dodo bird became extinct?    Mr. Labrador. Long time ago. It was, I think, late 1600s, early 1700s. And, apparently, society has not been able to thrive since the dodo bird became extinct, right? We have had no progress in life or in humanity since then. Obviously, I am being a little facetious; but this is a very important hearing today. I want to thank you all for being here.    Mr. Miller, in 2011, when Secretary Salazar invited western states to partner with the Federal Government to work on solutions related to sage grouse, how did Governor Otter respond?    Mr. Labrador. What are the Governor's concerns about the recent top-down direction that has come from the BLM's national office?    Mr. Labrador. So were you under the impression from the Federal agencies that you were working with, that if the state produced a thoughtful plan, that it would be a preferred alternative?    Mr. Labrador. OK. In 2013, Fish and Wildlife Service's Idaho State Supervisor Brian Kelly wrote a letter to Governor Otter in which he stated that, ``Our review revealed that the four foundation elements of the strategy--habitat zones, conservation areas, population objective, and adaptive triggers are consistent with the conservation objectives team, as is the livestock grazing management element.'' What were your expectations after seeing this letter?    Mr. Labrador. So your expectations were that your plan would be approved, correct?    Mr. Labrador. And have those expectations been met?    Mr. Labrador. So a final decision, you are not sure it is going to go along with what you expected.    Mr. Labrador. Does the state of Idaho have the capacity to manage sage grouse?    Mr. Labrador. Do Fish and Game and OSC have the proper biologists, scientists, and other policy staff?    Mr. Labrador. Do Fish and Game and OSC have the support of the Governor and the legislature to properly manage the species?    Mr. Labrador. OK. So what would you like--as your last opportunity to tell the Federal Government, what would you like us to know?    Mr. Labrador. Thank you very much. I yield back.