    Mr. Cook. Thank you very much, sir.    I wanted to ask you about Libya and the decisions that are going to be made about our arming certain individuals. And of course the fear is here we go again. Are we giving this to ISIS, ISIL, Daesh, whatever acronym you want to use or whatever you call them? And my fear with the State Department or any is that the right hand does not talk to the left hand in terms of coordinating this information so we make an informed choice and then we regret it afterwards. Can you briefly comment on that?    Mr. Cook. I want to shift gears a little bit. Maybe this is out of the realm a little bit, but I am from San Bernardino County. And obviously, we had a very difficult and horrific situation involving a terrorist there. And the coordination of Federal agencies with--and by the way, I was very, very happy with the way the FBI and the sheriff and the police chief, they all worked together.    But in terms of--and then we had some problems with getting the data from the cell phone of one of the individuals, you know, Apple and you have heard all that drama. Now, if you have information of something that would actually affect us in the country here, how is that coordinated?    And I know that is a very difficult question, but I get the feeling that we don't always have the best of coordination with Federal agencies because everybody works in their own functional area or functional silo and the word is not disseminated, and what happens is boom, something like this happens even though we might have had advanced warning. But if you could comment on that, I would appreciate it.    Mr. Cook. Well, I meant somebody that had ties to a terrorist country that----    Mr. Cook . But eventually, the terrorist incident actually happens. You know, we had this a few years ago when we were talking about the bombings in Boston and Chechnya and we had talked about this previously. But----    Mr. Cook. Thank you. And I am jumping around a little bit, but I always go back to Turkey. And it is not even Thanksgiving. Anyway, bad joke. Really concerned about    The PKK, the Erdogan, and it is like who is the terrorist and whether somebody is being falsely accused of being a terrorist. And obviously, this affects the politics of that particular country where you can use the counterterrorist threat to carry out a political agenda. Would you want to comment on that or is that too politically sensitive? Or is that something that would fall under counterterrorism?