    Ms. Norton. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I very much appreciate this second hearing.    Mr. Cox, perhaps also Mayor Becker, not until I became ranking member of the Subcommittee on Highways and Transit had I focused on a big part of our transportation bill that I bet most of us do not even know much about, and that has to do with roads through Federal lands.    I think of this issue because of Wyoming and Utah. In my own district there is Arlington Memorial Bridge, for example, the gateway to Arlington Cemetery and to Virginia and to all the Southern States. But that is not included in your State allocation, and it should not be because these are assets on Federal lands.    As a result, because we have not paid as much attention to these roads through places like Yellowstone and Grand Teton and the Arlington Memorial Bridge that I just named, there is this huge, growing backlog, which is not the responsibility of the States.    I wonder, Mr. Cox, for example, if you--by the way, I assume that these Federal lands are responsible for some tourism and therefore for revenue to the States. I wonder if you would say something about the transportation needs on Federal lands in places like Wyoming. Do you agree that they are a critical component, albeit not from your State allocation, of the needs that must be attended to by a bill?    Ms. Norton. Mr. Becker?    Ms. Norton. Thank you, Mr. Becker.    Governor McCrory, I wonder, if you were mayor of a big city like DC, we have seen an enormous increase in preference for transit, bike, and pedestrian trails. There has been some controversy--well, why should highway money go to these transportation options?    Have you seen or do you agree that allowing people to pursue these options draws significant amounts of traffic off of our highways and therefore are viable options that should be funded in the transportation bill?    Governor McCrory. I think what they do is provide options, and options are always good. The more choice you have in transportation, the more beneficial it is to the quality of life, environment, and choices that the consumer has.    And what we have in our statewide formula for our cities and towns, both rural and urban, are a variety of options that are put into the formula that are looking at how much does it relieve congestion? How much does it help safety? And also how much does it help deal with the economic opportunities of that area, whether it be large cities or small towns alike?    So we include all those options in our formula, and we think that is an important part. But in North Carolina, I have tried to take the politics out of all those options and do it based upon a formula. And so we get the biggest bang for our buck on where we spend the money. How we spend the money in a city like a Raleigh or Charlotte might be different than how we spend the money in a Tryon or a North Wilkesboro.    Ms. Norton. Thank you.