    Ms. Foxx. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And thank you, Mr. Secretary for being here. I have several questions for you. I'd be happy for you to answer with any time that's remaining, but will ask for a written response for questions you're not able to answer here today.    I'm very concerned about what's happening within your Department's Office for Civil Rights and its impact on college campuses across the country. For too long the OCR has gone around Congress by legislating a new mission, and I'm deeply concerned about the office's legitimacy and effectiveness on these issues and the potential negative impact on students and institutions. The office has used the Dear Colleague letter process, an implied threat of investigation that would result in the loss of Federal funds as a way to require action by institutions.    Anything that can result in an expensive and protracted investigation should be established by Congress through law. And I'm very concerned that a number of the office's actions encroach on our constitutional authority to make laws. The office should follow the regulatory process that provides ample time for notice and comment. There are significant issues that should be addressed by stakeholders before the Department makes a unilateral decision on how to address certain issues. And, again, individual circumstances matter greatly.    To that end, these are questions. How many of the Dear Colleague letters that have been issued over the past 6 years were reviewed to determine they should have been submitted for notice and comment? How many of those letters have had notice and comment period prior to issuance? Who makes that determination? Who's consulted about these significant changes prior to the letters being written?    I'd also like to know what you plan to do to ensure this process is reformed to give all relevant stakeholders time to weigh in to ensure any new rules are the best way to prevent discrimination in our schools and on campus.    Further, the Office of Civil Rights is busy touting how many sexual assault cases it has opened, but the number of cases isn't as important as providing justice in each individual case. Many are concerned that the office's current approach is counterproductive to reaching a just resolution, as well as being costly and efficient.    How were these cases brought to the Department? How many of the cases before the office have been closed? How long does it take to close these cases? And are you publishing that information along with the findings in each case while ensuring that you're protecting student privacy?    And last, the President's budget includes a sizeable increase in funding for student aid administration. However, at a November hearing we heard testimony that FSA is not meeting its statutory obligations to be accountable for its operations or meet its mandated planning and reporting requirements. How do you plan to ensure FSA is acting as an effective partner with institutions as its PBO status requires?    So I welcome you to answer these. But I also would like a written response to any you're not able to answer, by March 1. Thank you very much.    Ms. Foxx. Is it not true, though, that the campuses feel they have the force of law and that there is a strong intimidation tone to those letters that you're issuing?    Ms. Foxx. Well, I look forward to getting the detailed responses to the questions that I've asked. Thank you very much.