    Mr. Davis. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Let us all bow our heads. Thank you, Lord, for allowing us to come together again in this Committee. Thank you for the witnesses being able to get here safely. Let us all work together and understand the issues of importance are not that important to our Lord and Savior. We are thankful for everything that He does on our behalf each and every day and I ask this in the name of our Lord and Savior, Jesus Christ.    The Chairman. Thank you, Rodney. Well, good morning, and welcome to today's hearing. This Committee is charged with the responsibility of representing rural America and the economies that drive those communities. As such, we will continue to diligently review the farm economy, especially given the recent 56 percent drop in net farm income and the hard times that invariably come along with that. I, along with many Members of this Committee, have often stated that agriculture is the backbone of rural America. However, as the Committee with responsibility for all of rural America, it is vitally important that we acknowledge other industries that have provided a significant number of jobs and revenue for our rural communities.    Today's hearing begins with that discussion as we review how oil and gas production impacts the rural economy. Energy and the price of energy has an obvious direct impact on the inputs for farmers and ranchers. Not quite as intuitively, though, the energy sector also provides income and revenue for rural residents and their local communities in the form of salaries, royalty payments, and tax revenues. In District 11, agriculture is a leading industry. However, many of the biggest employers in the 11th District of Texas revolve around oil and gas production. These businesses provide a significant number of good-paying jobs for Americans.    In fact, the Bureau of Labor Statistics claims that jobs in this sector have an average income that is twice as high as the national average. Although I know that every district is not like west Texas, oil and gas production impacts rural communities across the United States. These quality off-the-farm jobs provide rural America the ability to retain young people with new opportunities and attract new residents. The oil and gas industry brings income into rural communities which, in turn, increases the standard of living for its residents. This increased revenue gives rural communities the ability to improve the quality of life for their residents through increased capital investments.    In a 2011 study by PWC near the height of the recent oil boom, cited that the oil and gas sector directly employed 9.8 million people. A significant number of these jobs are in the rural areas of Wyoming, Texas, North Dakota, Oklahoma, Louisiana, and Pennsylvania, employing as many as 20 percent of the state's population.    Unfortunately, what some fail to realize is that oil and gas production creates thousands of upstream jobs and downstream jobs as well, and many, if not most of these are also in the rural economies. We all recognize that the oil industry today is more bust than boom, and that is why today's hearing is even more important.    I believe that the general public only views this industry as executives running large oil companies and charging too much for a gallon of gasoline. Today, we will hear from a group of individuals whose rural communities and livelihoods are directly impacted by oil and gas production. In these lean times, we must remember the millions of individuals, many in rural America, who are employed up and down the supply chain.    I want to thank each of our witnesses for taking the time away from their jobs to be here today. I look forward to their testimony.    Mr. Davis. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I want to follow up a little bit on what Mr. Crawford was talking about, Ms. Sims, if you don't mind. We had a lot of talk about college affordability.    I know many of the workers that he is talking about, the blue collar workers that work in the oil fields, do most possess a college degree?    Mr. Davis. What is the average compensation of a blue collar worker on one of your rigs?    Mr. Davis. Okay. Well, you mentioned they need to learn how to use a shovel first, on-the-job training, if there is workforce development issues, obviously, we would love to be able to make sure the government works for you. But in most cases, as with many jobs in the private-sector, it is up to them to determine what type of work and promotion they want to get to by doing the job that they were trained to do by you, right?    Mr. Davis. Is there anything you can think of that we can do to reduce the regulatory burden, and allow your industry to grow even more?    Mr. Davis. We have 3 minutes and 46, 45, 44 seconds.    Mr. Davis. FMCSA.    Mr. Davis. Are you having a problem getting people to apply for jobs that are well-paying, but require the CDL for your truck driving jobs?    Mr. Davis. I represent Decatur, Illinois, and ADM built an intermodal facility, and up until recently, they had the hardest time filling truck driving jobs, because they didn't pass, the applicants couldn't pass a CDL or other required tests, including a CDL.    Mr. Davis. And they were paying $60,000 a year right off the street. So now they seem to fill those, but I am guessing from your comments, you have the same situation happening with you?    Mr. Davis. Well, I am glad to hear that. My other committee is the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee, where we address those types of regulations. And many of them that you mentioned, we are actually trying to work on to make it better for people like you who are the job creators in this country.    So if you think of any more instances, anything else we can do, please let us know.    Mr. Chairman, thank you for your service. I also represent many areas of less than 1,000 people, and many volunteer fire departments, so it was great to see your back-and-forth with Ms. Kuster, too.    You mentioned in your testimony on conventional oil development. Can you name some other industries that are actually positively impacted by this unconventional oil development?    Mr. Davis. Well, I will ask you the same question. I only have 51 seconds left, so think of one. Are there any other regulatory issues that you see Pennsylvanians are facing, because you have the unique perspective on the governmental side, too, that we might be able to address at the Federal level?    Mr. Davis. Well, thank you. And thank you for your time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield back.    The Chairman. The gentleman yields back.    Mr. Ashford, for 5 minutes.