    Ms. Kohn. Is it on? Got it. OK.    Ms. Kohn. Thank you, Chairman Murphy, Ranking Member DeGette, and members of the subcommittee. I am pleased to be here today to talk about GAO's recent report on Federal programs related to serious mental illness. Our report calls for leadership from HHS to coordinate Federal efforts in addressing the needs of this very vulnerable population.    Our report has three major findings, and I will touch briefly on each. First, we found 112 programs across eight different agencies that serve the needs of people with serious mental illness, and 30 of these programs target or specifically focus on people with serious mental illness. We believe it is unlikely that all the programs were identified because agencies had difficulty identifying them, not because they weren't willing to, that was not an issue, but the agencies didn't always have information on the extent to which a program was serving the seriously mentally ill, although they knew that their programs were serving that population; for example, a program related to homelessness.    The list we think is also incomplete because agencies varied in how they decided which programs to include in their responses to us. So, for example, DoD identified all of their suicide prevention programs in their list of programs for the seriously mentally ill, but SAMHSA initially did not because they saw the program as serving a broader population. Subsequently, SAMHSA added these programs to the list.    There was another example, HUD and VA jointly administer a housing program for disabled veterans. VA put it on the list of programs, HUD didn't put it on the list of programs. So there are a number of examples like that, and it is that kind of variation that can limit comparability among similar programs. So this list is a starting point, not an ending point.    Our second objective related to coordination, and we found that while the staff involved in implementing these programs reported taking steps to coordinate activities with staff in other agencies, we were unable to identify any formal mechanism to support interagency coordination at a higher level. And such coordination, GAO believes, could help comprehensively identify the programs, resources, and potential gaps or duplication in Federal efforts that support the seriously mentally ill.    In the past, HHS has led the Federal Executive Steering Committee for Mental Health with members from across the Federal Government, but that group hasn't met since 2009. HHS told us that another group, the Behavioral Health Coordinating Council, performed some of the activities previously done by the Steering Committee, but that council is limited to HHS and doesn't have members from across the Federal Government.    We identified examples of other interagency committees, but they tended to be broader in scope, such as the focus on homelessness or focused on a specific population such as veterans. It is important to emphasize, and has been noted, that the staff that carry out the programs reported to us that they were working with colleagues in different agencies, and trying to coordinate their efforts. That is a very positive thing in place, however, staff at the program level are not necessarily in the right position to identify possible gaps, potential duplication, whether Federal resources are being spent wisely. Getting that kind of an overarching perspective requires some higher level, interagency coordination, and we called on HHS to establish a mechanism for that. HHS did not agree because they said that coordination is already occurring at the programmatic level, but for the reasons I noted, we continue to believe that action is necessary.    Our third recommendation related to evaluation, and we found that as of September 2014, across the 30 programs that specifically target the seriously mentally ill, fewer than \1/2\ had evaluations that were done in the last 5 years or were underway. Of the completed evaluations, SAMHSA had evaluated the greatest proportion of their programs, seven of the 13 programs they listed, and had two evaluations underway. And there were a couple of other evaluations that were done at DoD.    We recognize program evaluations can be costly and very time-consuming, and that the agencies need to prioritize those efforts. Our report also notes that the agencies reported to us that they do other program monitoring activities. They look at data performance measures, they stay on top of the literature to understand how to improve programs and identify improvements, and again, that is a very important component, but we don't believe that performance monitoring takes the place of formal program evaluations that can examine the overall effectiveness of a program.    We called on four agencies that sponsor programs that target the seriously mentally ill; specifically, DoD, Justice, HHS, and VA, to document which of their programs should be evaluated and how often. DoD, Justice, and VA agreed with our recommendation; HHS did not agree, and suggested our report overemphasized the role of evaluations, but again, we continue to believe that action is needed.    That concludes my prepared remarks. Thank you very much.    Ms. Kohn. No, I have not.    Ms. Kohn. We do. We continue to believe that action is needed in both areas. We think there can be greater coordination to provide that overarching perspective. It is not that we didn't acknowledge a number of----    Ms. Kohn. Yes.    Ms. Kohn. It may be sometimes. We provided a definition of what we meant by program, what we meant by serious mental illness, what we meant by serious emotional disturbance, SED. We provided those definitions. So sometimes it could be that there were definitional issues and they counted the programs differently. Sometimes an agency might have rolled up their programs into 1, another one disaggregated the programs.    Ms. Kohn. Our report acknowledges the variety of activities they are undertaking right now, but we do believe there is room for improvement, particularly in areas related to greater interagency coordination, and greater evaluation as part of helping uncover, develop, advance the data--the evidence base for treatment of mental illness----    Ms. Kohn . And serious mental illness.    Ms. Kohn. OK, sure. Thank you. I don't think what we are putting out here is an either/or, that if there is coordination at a local level that, therefore, coordination at the Federal level is unneeded, or vice-versa, that coordination at the Federal level will supplant the coordination that happens at the local level. I don't think there is that kind of a trade-off. And the concerns we were raising about lack of coordination at the Federal level inhibits our understanding of the Federal footprint in this area. What are the programs in place, recognizing that there is a lot there in Medicare and Medicaid and Social Security, as the OMB letter in response to this committee had shown, but we didn't start from that spending side. We started from the programs, the population served. As Dr. Frank noted, people don't fall into neat program categories, and that is why that coordination becomes so important because that coordination helps identify if there is any potential overlap or duplication, are there gaps, are there programs that are complementary that aren't being linked together, need some stronger linkages so we maximize our existing resources in our existing programs. If it is a gap and nobody is looking at it right now, then how does the coordination happen? It is by definition not visible.    So the coordination we talk about is not instead of the coordination at the local level, it is in addition to.    Ms. Kohn. In our report, we used scientific definitions that we worked with SAMHSA to develop. It includes conditions such as major depression, bipolar disorder, schizophrenia, PTSD. We used a definition that goes about half a page of a footnote. It is a scientific definition.    Ms. Kohn. I don't think it had been asked before, so OMB had identified where the spending was from the budget documents. I think this was one of the first times that the agencies were being asked, and so it took a lot of conversation. There was a lot of back-and-forth. We had to develop a questionnaire and go agency by agency by agency, and work with them to try to get the information.    So I think to some extent, they hadn't been asked that before, at least not the folks we were talking to.    Ms. Kohn. That is correct. It hasn't met since 2009.    Ms. Kohn. The report doesn't tell the agencies in this area to evaluate all of their programs all the time. We say that the agencies need to prioritize which programs should be evaluated and what is a time schedule for that, because they are costly, they are time-consuming, and so we are just telling the agencies to prioritize which programs do need to be evaluated.    Yes, GAO has a number of reports and guidance that it has issued in terms of best practices for evaluation. It includes having an outside agency doing the evaluation, identifying best practices, what works, what doesn't work in the program, making recommendations that the agency can act on in terms of how to improve the program. So there is guidance there. The other piece of the evaluation, of course, is leadership in driving the evaluation, asking the question and hearing the answer.    Ms. Kohn. That is correct?    Ms. Kohn. We identified an example of an evaluation that was done that was consistent with some of the principles that GAO has talked about. We didn't evaluate that program or the quality of that evaluation, we simply cite it as an example.    Ms. Kohn. We just cite it as an example. We didn't hold it up----    Ms. Kohn . As a----    Ms. Kohn . We didn't draw any conclusions about the program.    Ms. Kohn. Yes, they did.    Ms. Kohn. No, they identified that sometimes there are benefits to overlaps, such as reinforcing messages, that some of the goals, if the data were cut different ways, showed different----    Ms. Kohn . Results.    Ms. Kohn. No.    Ms. Kohn. That is correct, and in our recommendation follow-up, that has been implemented.    Ms. Kohn. We did not identify that.