    Mr. Russell. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And Mr. Chairman, ranking member, members of the committee, I'm concerned that this problem, even if Dr. Moure-Eraso does do the honorable thing and the needed thing of stepping down, that this problem will perhaps perpetuate itself with the creation of a Senior Executive Service position for the managing director. And so my question to you, Dr. Moure-Eraso, is did the Chemical Safety Board announce the creation of a Senior Executive Service position as managing director?    Mr. Russell. Was it announced just yesterday?    Mr. Russell. Yesterday?    Mr. Russell. Dr. Eraso, numerous whistleblowers have stated that you fast-tracked the creation of this new SES position to make sure that Mr. Horowitz would be put in it before you left the Chemical Safety Board. Was this position created----    Mr. Russell . For Daniel Horowitz?    Mr. Russell. So this position was put up on the Board for review, and then we have a Mr. Horowitz changing his title to senior advisor to the Deepwater Horizon investigation, and he did that on March 2. Is that true?    Mr. Russell. He changed his title so he would what, qualify for the position?    Mr. Russell. So let me understand the sequence of attack here. Draconian policies can be furthered by creating an SES position as managing director. Position is posted up on the Board for anyone, as you state, to apply, and magically, Mr. Horowitz changes his title so he somehow positions himself, and now it is your intention to hire him for this position. Is that about right?    Mr. Russell. But this one is a new position. Is that correct, the managing director?    Mr. Russell. And so now you are intending to--what--even after you retire, continue your toxic work environment as was stated in these survey----    Mr. Russell . Position?    Mr. Russell. How far do the----    Mr. Russell . Go into this organization that you have to have a grip on it even after you would leave, whether honorably or dishonorably in 15 weeks, that you would continue to set everything in motion so that you keep your little web in control of something so vital to the country? Is that--is that the intention, or do I have it wrong?    Mr. Russell. I see. OK. And after listening to all of the testimony and the answers given so far, we'll let the people of the United States be the judge there.    Mr. Griffon, Mr. Engler, Mr. Ehrlich, given the lack of confidence in senior leadership that has been highlighted in the H.R. consulting report, you know, I think back to when I was in the military, if I got a command climate survey as a commander of 1,000 soldiers and it said that 80 percent of my soldiers thought I was incompetent to lead and then it was followed up with a Board and testimony and then I would have to come back and show some type of gain, whether 3 months, 6 months later, or something of that nature, and yet the follow-on reports were even worse and then I was called on the carpet before, I would be relieved of command. I mean, it would be just absolutely--that would be the result. I would be relieved of command. Do you think that hiring Mr. Horowitz for an SES position is a good idea at this time, given the climate that the command safety board has?    Mr. Griffon, please.    Mr. Russell. Do you believe that it ought to have more time other than just be posted and then titles being changed and then people being recommended and then we just go from there, or do you think that this thing might ought to have some brakes put on it and get--one, do you even need it? We look at the Veterans Affairs Administration and see the problem that our Senior Executive Services have created with the Secretary. That's a whole different issue, but now we are going to make a construct to potentially do that.    Mr. Engler, do you think that it's appropriate at this time?    Mr. Russell. Well, my time is expired, and Mr. Chairman, I thank you for your patience, and I think I can speak for all of us that we are committed to try to help remove these obstacles.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.