    Mr. Sherman. Thank you. It is said that no deal is better than a bad deal. That looks good on a political bumper sticker. I think our choice is between a bad deal, perhaps a very bad deal, and a very bad and intractable situation.    I want to thank Mr. Rademaker for making it clear just how bad this deal is in year 10 or maybe year 13. They will literally be on the 1-inch line.    The President has acknowledged that. You have said it clearly. And the reason for that is during this deal they will have, roughly, 5,000 centrifuges that are IR1s.    Starting in year 10, maybe if we negotiate very well year 13, they can have an unlimited number of centrifuges and those centrifuges will be perhaps 10 times as efficient and that will shrink their breakout time from 1 year to 1 day.    Just do the math--20 times as many centrifuges and those centrifuges are 10 times as powerful. So the question--you know, I know we are supposed to ask you questions but people are asking us questions--what do we do now and what do we do when a deal is submitted to us.    As to what we do now, we have got to put pressure on the President to at least meet his minimum objectives, and I think you gentlemen have pointed out two very important areas.    One is the signing bonus--the idea that if we release $30 billion or perhaps $130 billion while Iran keeps its stockpiles and hasn't yet dismantled the centrifuges Iran could take all the benefits and back out of this deal by Labor Day $130 billion richer.    The purpose of these hearings is to focus on verification. We need go anywhere, go anytime or almost any--or with a very short notice and we need to be able to use environmental testing. The administration has said they are going to achieve that but then I--we saw Secretary Kerry try to argue to us that don't worry, Iran won't have a nuclear weapon because they can't have a nuclear weapon because that would violate the nonproliferation treaty.    That is using the word can't as you can't do it and still be an upstanding honest nation. I don't think that is a real bar to Iran. We are told that the additional protocol is going to give us access, and I am going to get to that in a question.    Trust me there is a question in here somewhere. The--I want to commend the chairman for having these hearings because that is part of the effort of letting the administration know that they have to meet at least their own stated minimum objectives.    And finally, the administration will tell us that these inspections are the most intrusive ever. That is comparing these inspections to what we need to make sure the Netherlands doesn't develop a nuclear bomb.    We have to compare these inspections to what we need to prevent Iran from having a nuclear bomb. The question of what we do long term when a deal is--if a deal is submitted that the President submits to us and has accepted there are those who say we blow up the deal where does that leave us.    It leaves us with the whole world thinking that Congress is the unreasonable party. It leaves us with an administration that has taken the military option off the table.    It leaves us with Iran's centrifuges all intact rather than two-thirds to three-quarters dismantled. They are stockpiled, ready to go. They are a few months away and nobody wants to cooperate with us in international sanctions because the President has said that it is the Congress, not the ayatollahs, that are being unreasonable.    After all, the ayatollahs will have signed the agreement and Congress will have blown it up. But the other side of this is that we cannot approve the agreement and leave it to a future President and a future Congress to decide what to do in 2 years, 5 years or 10 years because as I think Mr. Albright has pointed out, this might be a good deal for 10 years, might even be a good deal for 13 years but after that it is a deal to put them, as Mr. Rademaker says, on the 1-inch line.    If I can sneak in a question--Mr. Albright, it took us 2 years to get into Fordow. Does the additional protocol and the NPT give us the kind of prompt access that we would need?    Mr. Sherman. How long could they delay us? They delayed us 2 years for Fordow.    Mr. Sherman. Thank you.