    Mrs. Lawrence. Thank you, Mr. Chair.    I would like to examine the hiring and the role of human resources at TSA in more detail. In 2008 during the Bush administration, TSA awarded a $1.2 billion human capital service contract to Lockheed Martin. Under this contract, known as HRAccess, Lockheed administered the agency's process for recruiting and hiring and is also responsible for personnel and payroll processing services such as position classification. Administrator, is that correct?    Mrs. Lawrence. So many of the improper personnel practices that the whistleblowers alleged at the last hearing, including improper hiring and directed reassignments, would have occurred while Lockheed was providing these services to TSA. Is that correct?    Mrs. Lawrence. Okay. On January 29 the inspector general issued a report about the TSA's contract with Lockheed Martin. The report states that among other performance deficiencies there were incidents in which Lockheed Martin failed to handle personally identifiable information properly. Is that correct, Mr. Roth?    Mrs. Lawrence. The report also found that Lockheed Martin ``failed to consistently refer to eligible veterans on job announcements. Ultimately, the report stated that the Lockheed Martin hiring team ``reported a total of more than 150 veterans who were not referred on six different job announcements.'' Mr. Roth, is that correct?    Mrs. Lawrence. So if Lockheed Martin failed to follow our Federal regulations in regards to the competitive service hires, particularly veterans, preference, this is a simply intolerable. So Administrator, are you familiar with the inspector general's report?    Mrs. Lawrence. Okay. So when does the TSA's contract with Lockheed Martin end?    Mrs. Lawrence. In lieu of the contract ending with Lockheed Martin, is this going to be put out to bid again? And when you say ``assume,'' do you have the capacity and the resources as far as budget to be able to take on more of these responsibilities in hiring?    Mrs. Lawrence. Well, I want to be on the record that the issues that were brought forward in the hiring process, and we being a Federal agency, is totally unacceptable. The fact that we are ending a relationship with an industry or company that did not meet our benchmarks is refreshing, but I don't want to hear that we are taking on the responsibilities ourselves and them come back later with concerns because you weren't able to handle the capacity.    Mrs. Lawrence. Mr. Roth, did you make any recommendations based on your findings on what TSA could do to improve their hiring practices?    Mrs. Lawrence. Thank you. And I look forward to moving forward under your leadership and protecting a group of employees in our Federal Government, as so many others are, but that TSA, being a Member of Congress and in the airport constantly, the respect I have for that agency, the need for good foreign leadership and accountability that we saw through this situation, we need to move forward, and I support you in the future. Thank you.