    Mr. Cook. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    General, first of all, I want to commend you on your testimony, your years of service in combat, peace, the--can't even add up all the deployments you have been through, and I--what I wanted to address is something that isn't here, and it is of concern to our NATO partners, maybe under the radar, and that is the situation of the poppy and the drugs and the corruption that, from a rational viewpoint, it affects Europe.    How are we doing on--can you comment on the status of that and where it is going right now?    General Campbell. Sir, thanks for the question.    There have been a lot of different reports on the cultivation of poppies and what--the impact that it has financially for the insurgents in the area, a lot of that coming out of the Helmand area. Media reports will say that has increased over the last couple years as opposed to going down.    Trade is a concern to President Ghani. He has talked about it. He is looking hard at a strategy on how he goes after that and deals with the people that produce it, that deals with the insurgents that use it for their gain.    They have looked at different options down there. They do have quite a good record of a small task force that goes after and seizes different places and, for lack of a better term, drug labs that produce what comes out of there. But, you know, quite frankly, you know, it has not been enough and the strategy there has not taken that away from the insurgents.    That is not part of my TAA or part of my CT mission, so I can't comment, you know, further on that piece of it. But bottom line, it does provide, you know fuel, financial assistance to the Taliban, and we have to take--and the government of Afghanistan is looking hard at a holistic look at how they can combat that.    Mr. Cook. Thank you.    The relationship with Pakistan obviously has improved quite a bit--the military. The equipment--at one time we were always concerned about the equipment backlog going through Pakistan and everything else. Are we in pretty good shape right now on that? We had containers backed up to the sky, and just a quick update on that or----    General Campbell. Sir, thanks for the question. I mean, the logistical community and what our Nation has done with retrograde of equipment is phenomenal. I think, you know, years down the road when people take a look at this and understand--fully understand the amount of equipment that came out and how it came out, this is--they will be--this is record-setting.    And so we are on glide path now. We hit those back--all the numbers that we thought we needed to hit coming out of the mission to where we are today, we are on those numbers. So I feel very, very comfortable.    It ebbs and flows on how we do that through Torkham, through down in the south, based on the relationship with Pakistan. But again, the relationship with Pakistan today in Afghanistan is the best I have seen it in all the times I have been over there, and a lot of that is because of General Raheel, chief of the army in Pakistan, and then President Ghani, and their relationship--how they come together.    But the retrograde, I think, is on glide slope. I have no concerns there right now.    Mr. Cook. Yes. I was very, very happy to hear that.    I want to switch gears real quick. Uzbekistan in the north. Landlocked country, obviously. I think they have to have good relations with Pakistan. Iran is a whole new ballgame, as you know.    What is the relationship with Uzbekistan right now? I know at one time they were working on that bridge or that--the--I think it was the train that was going down there. Is that still ongoing or----    General Campbell. Sir, I haven't seen a final piece where they have signed an MOU, memorandum of understanding, or MOA, agreement. I know that President Ghani has personally reached out to all the countries in the region. He has visited many of them.    I don't think in the last couple months that he has visited Uzbekistan, but I know he has talked to the senior leadership there. They have talked about the rail; they have talked about the bridges; they have talked about sharing of intelligence back and forth and how they can fight different insurgents.    Really a lot in the north is around criminal activity as opposed to, you know, the insurgent piece. There is arms trafficking, there is drug trafficking, and those kind of things. So they are working together.    He has sent senior members of his administration to different countries around--I couldn't--I can find out, but I know that I think several members of senior positions in Afghanistan have gone to visit Uzbekistan, as well.    Mr. Cook. Thank you very much. Again, thank you for your service. I yield back.    The Chairman. Thank you.    Ms. Duckworth.