    Mr. Mullin. Well, I don't know about the antibiotics in cattle, but I live on a farm and I am on three different antibiotics as we speak. I literally just got off Bactrim and I am on a Z-Pak and I have got another one that was prescribed to me yesterday. And so to say that they are overprescribed, I thank the Lord for them, but I will probably say you are accurate on that.    With that being said, the University of Oklahoma has done a phenomenal job on trying to close the gap on what they call the superbug, and they recently developed a new antibiotic to go after what a lot of people refer to as MRSA or a staph infection. But even with all that development, Dr. Woodcock, despite the recent success at the University of Oklahoma, are there concerns that new drugs aren't being developed quickly enough to help close this gap?    Mr. Mullin. So with the current crop of antibiotics out there, do you see where we are going to be able to catch up or we are going to continue to stay behind or get farther behind?    Mr. Mullin. Due to?    Mr. Mullin. Well, Dr. Woodcock, how long does it take, say, a company that is wanting to develop this, how long does it take them from when they start to when they can probably bring a product to the market?    Mr. Mullin. At the cost of what?    Mr. Mullin. So is there a way to speed this up? I mean, if we are behind because, my goodness, I can understand why a company would be hesitant to invest $1-2 million on an----    Mr. Mullin. Billion, I am sorry, $1-2 billion on an antibiotic and it takes 10 years to bring it to market and the success rate is, I am sure, pretty low. Do you know what the success rate is on that?    Mr. Mullin. One in many thousands, so----    Mr. Mullin. So what is the incentive for a company to do this? I mean, I am thinking as a business owner I am going, OK, I am going to invest $1-2 billion and I am going to have 1 out of 1,000--let's just use that number--of a chance of it actually coming to market. Is there an incentive? Is there a way to bring this number down? Is there a way to help improve that?    Mr. Mullin. Well, I agree with that, but you have got to get your money back.    Mr. Mullin. I mean, $1-2 billion----    Mr. Mullin. Is the FDA looking into this to help ease those barriers, help speed that process up? Because we can all tell this is going to be a major problem, and so it seems like we should be working together on this.    Mr. Mullin. Dr. Woodcock, thank you. I am out of time.