    Ms. Callahan. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and members of the committee, for the opportunity to testify before you today. I'm going to take a bit of departure from my fellow witnesses so far and talk about the significant and very positive impacts that appliance, equipment, and vehicle efficiency standards are having on our economy.    My organization, the Alliance to Save Energy, is a nonprofit coalition that has worked for 39 years to advance energy efficiency for the economic benefits, the improvement of the environment benefits, and also to enhance our energy security.    I'm very proud of the fact that we were founded by two then-sitting Members of Congress, Hubert Humphrey, a Democrat from Illinois; and Chuck Percy, a Republican from--excuse me--Hubert Humphrey, a Democrat from Minnesota; and Chuck Percy, a Republican from Illinois.    We have jealously guarded our inherited culture of bipartisanship, and today, we count 14 sitting Members of Congress from both sides of the aisle and both sides of the Capitol as honorary members of our board. And I'd like to take this moment to note that we are very pleased that Congressman Paul Tonko, a member of this committee, is part of our august group.    Our Congressional Members are joined on our Board of Directors by leaders from business and organizations across all sectors of the economy, including manufacturers and HVAC folks. Since the birth of the Alliance, our country has made very great strides in advancing energy efficiency, and that's thanks in large measure to effective national public policies, most notably, the appliance, equipment, and vehicle efficiency standards.    Efficiency standards have proven to be the most cost-effective way of driving energy efficiency into our market. In fact, if you take together the corporate average fuel economy standards and all our appliance and equipment standards, we're shaving off the energy use equivalent to ten percent of what we consume today. And that translates into very big money savings for Americans.    Studies have shown that American businesses and consumers today are saving $800 billion every year on their energy bills. And as a country, we've doubled our energy productivity over the past three decades. That is to say that we are creating twice as much gross domestic product today than we did--using half of the energy than we did in 1980.    We've done this once, and at our organization we believe we can do it again. The Alliance has articulated the goal of doubling energy productivity once again by 2030. If we do it, the benefits to our country are simply transformative. We would recycle $327 billion into our economy from energy cost savings. We would create 1.3 million new jobs, and we'd reduce the need for imported energy to represent less than seven percent of our total demand. But we can only achieve this goal with a strong foundation of public policies, and efficiency standards are a cornerstone of good national energy efficiency policy.    Fortunately, the history of our national efficiency standards is one of bipartisan support. I'm not sure committee members are aware, but the first corporate average fuel economy standards were signed into law by President Ford, and the first appliance and equipment standards were signed into law by President Reagan. These laws were created and moved through the Congress with broad bipartisan support. Over the decades, this tradition of bipartisan support has remained solid, with the Congress enacting significant legislation in 1990, '92, 2005, and 2007. All included efficiency standards.    The bipartisan work--this bipartisan work on standards is paying big dividends for our economy. For example, by 2020, appliance and equipment standards alone, not including CAFE standards, will be contributing 387,000 annual jobs to our economy. And these are jobs that are spread all across all 50 States.    As the focus of this hearing is on midnight regulations, I believe it's important to note that in the case of efficiency standards at least, it's Congress--not the Administration--that dictates the timelines and deadlines for action. And these aren't tied in any way to a given President's term in office.    The typical time needed to complete a standards rulemaking is three years because it involves a significant engagement with impacted manufacturers, stakeholders, and others throughout the process. It is true that the pace of standards rulemaking has been brisk during the Obama Administration. This was driven in large part by a need to meet Congressional directives and court-ordered mandates to catch up on backlogged standards. We see no evidence that the Administration can or will rush any efficiency standards at the end of this President's term.    While we have achieved great success through our--through appliance and equipment efficiency standards, we do believe there's always room for improvement. The Alliance, along with many stakeholders and others, would like DOE to make more transparent the models and data that it's using to perform its energy savings and performance calculations. And doing so would help to avoid delays in litigation.    There's also a big something I'm here to ask you to do, and that is to refrain from placing ad hoc policy riders on legislation that prevents DOE from enforcing standards that have been codified. Mr. Bosworth already mentioned that this allows what I would call unscrupulous manufacturers--he calls them bottom-feeders--to flout the law. So we'd like to see that.    So in conclusion, there is a huge portfolio of research and analysis that demonstrates that efficiency standards are driving innovation, saving American businesses and consumers money on their energy bills, and they're creating jobs. All of this leads to a more energy-productive and more globally competitive economy. Congress should be proud of the work it has done in this area and should continue this legacy of bipartisan legislation to set minimum efficiency standards for our appliances, our equipment, and our vehicles. Thank you.    Ms. Callahan. Thank you very much for that question, Congressman Tonko. I couldn't agree more strongly that regulations have led to innovation and technology, and I want to talk about that in a minute. But I also want to address, if I could for a second, Chairman Smith's questions as well.    We--our information that we have is that DOE issued 10 standards or updates to standards in 2014 and 10 in 2015. There are 16 on the regulatory agenda now, and if they follow suit, a couple of those, they'll defer from updating. A couple others may follow--flow over. So we don't see that there's going to be any big uptick in that.    And I think it's also really important to note that of all of the regulations that are at OIRA for review, all but one have been there for more than 90 days, so they're overdue. And only one is a final rule. So it's just going along in the regular process in the regular order of how we establish efficiency standards.    So let's talk about how they've created innovation and driven it. A great example is a refrigerator. A refrigerator today uses 75 percent less energy. It only uses a quarter of the energy of one that was built in the '70s, it's 20 percent bigger, and it consumes--and it costs about 25 percent less in real dollars.    So if--we're getting it all. We're getting better products, we're getting greater choice. The light bulbs which have caused some controversy in terms of the mandates that were put forward there, I would note that it was the manufacturers working with us, the stakeholders working with Members of Congress to put those in place. And what we've seen now, instead of one choice of an inefficient incandescent light bulb, we have many, CFLs, we have LEDs coming onto the market. The prices are falling dramatically. Now, you can choose color in the light you want, you can choose longevity of light bulbs. You have a wide selection, and all for costs that are coming down very significantly.    The list goes on and on. Clothes washers, dishwashers, they perform better. Clothes washers, as an example, they are--cost about 45 percent less than they did before standards were put in place. Dishwashers are down about 30 percent. So you see costs falling for the first price. You also get the savings on the backend. And let's remember that homeowners are spending the second-most amount of money in their budget on their energy bills. After the mortgage, next up is energy bills, which are about $2,000--between $2,000 and $2,500 a year.    So we're getting all kinds of innovation and products, we're getting savings in both ways, products that are coming to market and on the energy savings. So we see it really as a win-win-win, and a lot of that secret sauce is because the manufacturers are working with DOE in a transparent way to develop standards that they know they can meet.    Ms. Callahan. Well, I couldn't disagree with that more. First of all, a lot of low-income people actually rent homes and pay utility bills, but there's a split incentive. The people that own the buildings that supply them with the dishwashers, the clothes dryers, they don't have an incentive to put in the most efficient equipment because they're not going to be paying the bills. The person that lives there pays the bills. And so if you set minimum levels of efficiency allowable in the market, you make sure that the low-income people, like the people that can afford higher-end products, are getting an efficient model and they're saving on their energy bills.    I also--I'll go back to the light bulb. You know, people on fixed incomes or low incomes might make a choice to buy a 25 cent incandescent light bulb over a $2 CFL or a $3 LED. They're going to--that's going to cost them $60 over the cost of the product. So, you know, a lot of people just don't have the information at hand, don't know the decisions they're making are going to cost a lot more.    So again, I think that, you know, as long as it's cost-effective, as long as these are improving and innovating products, the low-income folks are benefiting, as are the high-income folks.    Ms. Callahan. I----    Ms. Callahan. I'm chomping at the bit. I don't know about air-conditioning companies. I'll think about that for a minute. But the gentleman that runs the Building Technology Program, which is where the appliance and standards program sits, is a 30-plus year veteran of Pacific Gas and Electric Company, one of the largest utilities in the country and ran all of their efficiency and demand side management programs and worked directly with manufacturers----    Ms. Callahan. --understands those issues and----    Ms. Callahan. Well----    Ms. Callahan. --let me--yes, and let me say that in the process, the way that it's set up--and there's a big ongoing debate on the furnace standard right now and a lot of input coming in. There are stakeholders sitting at the table working with DOE, manufacturers, the stakeholders working with DOE trying to come to a consensus opinion on this and rate, and so it's a process that's ongoing. They're--those voices are being heard at the table.    Ms. Callahan. Thank you.    Ms. Callahan. Sure. I think it really goes to the point the Chairman's making and Mr. Bosworth, that we need to have the people that are impacted by these regulations at the table. And I actually think DOE does a pretty good job at that. Where we think they could improve is the transparency of the calculations that they're making. What are the models they're using? How are they coming up with the numbers on cost-effectiveness, on performance? Because often, industry will have very different numbers.    And so if the stakeholders are--they understand and it's transparent what DOE is doing, they can make more informed and better inputs into the process.    We also think that if you vest people in the process and listen and hear them, it's less likely that you're going to have litigation, which causes delays in these standards.    I would say that, you know, so many of the standards--we're talking about a couple that are controversial--most of them are ones that manufacturers have agreed to before they're put into final form. So these are things that the manufacturers are working with the stakeholders and with DOE, and it's a process where air conditioners in Texas aren't a big deal when it goes up to SEER 14.    Ms. Callahan. May I make a comment, Mr. Loudermilk, since you're quoting my testimony? Can I comment on this as well?    Ms. Callahan. Okay.    Ms. Callahan. Okay. I just want to say that narrowly focused on the energy efficiency standards that are being set by the Department of Energy, I want to remind you what's also in my testimony is that Department of Energy is just executing the job that it's been given by the Congress, and it sets regular timelines and dates for looking at updating standards. Sometimes they demur. They believe--and they have to make a designation that it's not time to increase that energy efficiency standard, and they did that. They did that last year, they did it the year before, we expect them to do it again this year.    It's a three-year process typically, and it engages stakeholders from the beginning of the process so----    Ms. Callahan. Right.    Ms. Callahan. That's a great word.