    Mr. HOFFMAN. Chairman Chabot, Ranking Member Velaazquez, and members of the Committee, I appreciate the opportunity to testify before you today about the issues surrounding contracting and the industrial base.    My name is James Hoffman, and I am the president of Summer Consultants, a consulting mechanical, electrical, and plumbing engineering firm located in McLean, Virginia. Summer Consultants is a small business with 30 employees. Our practice focuses on the federal market for the past 50 years. My firm is an active member of the American Council of Engineering Companies, the voice of America's engineering community. ACEC oversees over 5,000 member firms, represents hundreds of thousands of engineers and other specialists throughout the country, are engaging a wide range of engineering works that propel the nation's economy, and enhance and safeguard America's quality of life. Almost 85 percent of these firms are small businesses.    Design build is a type of construction where engineers team with industry professionals. There are two forms of design build--two-step and one-step. Two-step requires the team submit qualification packages to the contracting officer in the first round. The contracting officer reviews them and notifies the teams if they are selected for the second round. At this point, the design build team develops expensive and detailed plans for the contractor to bid, generally without any reimbursement. Industry best practice has three to five finalists in the second round. In the recent years, there have been more than 10 finalists at some competitions as current law allows the contracting officer to increase the number of finalists without limitation. This causes problems for both the industry and for the government. My firm's marketing risk is inversely correlated to the number of finalists, and the contracting officer must review all the proposals and give feedback to each team member that does not win the project, which is time-consuming. This issue has driven many, including small businesses, out of the federal market.    One-step design build creates an even more precarious environment. One-step allows the owner to solicit complete proposals from the construction market without a qualifications review. This forces out small businesses as they cannot spend dollars on projects where there are too many competitors, many of which may not have the qualifications for the project. It is an inefficient process for the Federal Government as it asks the contracting officer to review multitudes of proposals. This Committee has been a strong supporter of this issue, and we ask the Committee to continue to improve the design build market by supporting the reintroduction of H.R. 2750.    The second issue, the Court of Federal Claims ruling on the nonmanufacturer rule, poses a challenge for the construction industry, as it is a service industry that typically did not have to address this rule in the past. The rule exists to ensure that a contract for goods is restricted to small businesses, rather than act as a pass-through for large entities. The course interpretation would require that any firm who is a prime contractor be responsible for their subcontractors' use of small business products, and potentially, the many different tiers of subcontractors as is undefined at this time.    The burden on this rule is staggering as I, as a business owner, would have to take the most conservative view to make sure that I am complying with the law. We have concerns that due to the unknown nature of this rule, that we can be penalized by an overbroad court ruling. ACEC asks the Committee to work with SBA on language to make sure that construction services and products continue to be excluded from the rule.    I urge Congress to reintroduce H.R. 2750 and enact it into law. I also encourage Congress to work with the SBA to limit the scope of the nonmanufacturing rule on service industries. These bills can help my firm and other engineering firms to serve our clients' needs and thrive.    Thank you for the opportunity to participate in today's hearing, and I would be happy to respond to any questions from the Committee members.    Mr. HOFFMAN. Yes, sir.    First of all, the first phase of competition is open to everyone. So everyone is able to participate. And then with respect to the second step, what we are going to find is that the most experienced architect, engineers, and construction contractors are going to step out if there are more than five construction contractors. So we are going to have less qualified people participating in federal projects because the opportunity to win that project with significant investments is dramatically diminished once you go beyond the three to five recommended in industry practices.    Mr. HOFFMAN. With respect to competition, the issue for us would be the design build piece. So everyone has the opportunity through sources--and small businesses can participate in that and it can be set aside. Irregardless of whether it is small business or it is unrestricted, small businesses can participate as part of larger teams, and everyone would benefit and the standard to follow the best practices of three to five bidders so that we can go ahead and make sure the best qualified teams are pursuing things.    Mr. HOFFMAN. I might add that with respect to engineering services, reverse auctions, they do not look at lifecycle cost analyses and total cost of ownership. So the lowest cost is not necessarily the best cost. So if we look at construction in facilities, that cost is a small fraction of the total ownership costs once you go ahead and look at ongoing operation and maintenance. And I would urge the Committee to consider that, and I think you can only focus on first cost reverse auctions. I have no idea how you are able to understand what the total cost is of ownership when you do that.    Mr. HOFFMAN. Actually, with respect to scale, I think if we talk to the various agencies, it is interesting. Many times the contracting officers and some of the project managers appear to be willing to embrace the utilization of small businesses, but then they also need to sell it to their customers, and their customers can be more risk adverse. Certainly, we have seen a good many sources sought and a good many opportunities for small businesses, at least in our sector, to participate, and we appreciate that.    With respect to policy changes, again, in our testimony, we would suggest the reintroduction of H.R. 2750 and the clarification of the nonmanufacturing rule.    Mr. HOFFMAN. Thank you.    Actually, each one of those rules are in our written testimony, and we would encourage the Committee to pursue and pass those proposed reforms. And that would be what we would be looking for, sir.