    Chairman CHABOT. Good morning. The Committee will come to order.    I would like to welcome back before the Committee the Inspector General of the Small Business Administration, the Honorable Peggy Gustafson. Over the past few weeks, the Committee, along with its Subcommittees, has held a series of hearings in response to a report by the Government Accountability Office, the GAO, regarding management deficiencies within the Small Business Administration. The GAO noted that many of the challenges identified in its report were first identified by the SBA's Office of the Inspector General.    Today, we will hear Inspector General Gustafson's unique perspective on the management of the SBA, as well as her insight into ways in which the SBA may more effectively and more efficiently assist small businesses.    I was troubled by the findings made in the GAO's report, and I think most of the members of this Committee were as well. What was particularly disturbing was just how many of the challenges identified in the report had already been identified by the Inspector General and were known by the SBA. In fact, reports and audits compiled by the Inspector General reveal that some of the most serious management challenges affecting the SBA were first highlighted over a decade ago. As these issues have gone unresolved, SBA programs have remained vulnerable to waste, fraud, and abuse, which undermines the agency's mission to support America's small businesses.    It is clear that the Inspector General plays a critical role in ensuring effective management of the SBA. By conducting audits to identify program mismanagement, by investigating fraud or other wrongdoing, or by recommending changes to increase the efficiency of SBA operations, she has provided independent and objective reviews of agency actions.    Now the SBA, under the watchful eye of this Committee, must act. By clarifying the specific areas in which improvement is needed and highlighting possible paths forward for the agency, the insights offered by the Inspector General are invaluable as the Committee continues to work with the SBA to develop meaningful solutions to its management and performance challenges.    I would like to thank you, Ms. Gustafson, for coming today, and we look forward to your testimony. I would now like to yield to the ranking member, Ms. Velazquez, for her opening remarks.    Chairman CHABOT. Thank you very much. The gentlelady yields back.    I will now take a moment to go over our timing rules here, which with one panel member are pretty easy. We operate by the 5-minute rule which we stick to, and we would ask you to stay within that if at all possible. There is a lighting system. The green light will be on for 4 minutes. The yellow light will come on for a minute to let you know that you have got about a minute to go, and the red light will come on. If you need a little more time since you are our sole witness that is okay. I ask Committee members if they have opening statements prepared to submit them for the record.    We are now pleased to welcome back to the Committee Inspector General Peggy Gustafson, who has served as the SBA's Inspector General since 2009. We very much appreciate you being with us, and you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman CHABOT. Thank you very much. We appreciate your time here, and now we will recognize some questions. I will recognize myself for 5 minutes for that purpose. You are right, we do owe the small businesses all across the country the best that we can provide and the best that the SBA can provide. You indicated their record as mixed, and mixed is not good enough. So they do need to do better, and also questions here is part of that process.    My first question would actually be, last week your office released a report in which you identified a number of weaknesses in the SBA's management information security. Specifically, you found that the SBA is not sufficiently tracking security incidences, nor is it properly reporting them to the United States Computer Emergency Readiness Team. Your office made a similar finding last year looking at the SBA's 2014 fiscal year. Could you expand upon that and address that issue and what you found?    Chairman CHABOT. Well, if I could just maybe--I have limited time.    Chairman CHABOT. I have 2 minutes to go. That is okay. You know, and I think the point is, and the important thing is they have a lot of sensitive information----    Chairman CHABOT. Bad actors are trying to get access to this information for all kinds of nefarious purposes. You know, we know that the Russians and the North Koreans and the Iranians and others want access to this, so the government has to do a better job.    Chairman CHABOT. The government has been hacked time and time again.    Chairman CHABOT. I assume you agree with everything----    Chairman CHABOT. Thank you. Let me follow up, also. Your reports have identified weaknesses in the SBA's incident reporting. Yet, in their most recent budget justification, the SBA claims to have had 100 percent success rate in timely reporting incidences during that time. Is there a way to explain how the SBA is making this claim? If the SBA is going to claim success in the face of failure, how can we be sure that they will actually address and resolve their management challenges?    Chairman CHABOT. We will.    Chairman CHABOT. Thank you. My time is about to expire, so rather than trample on somebody else's time, I am going to yield back. I will now recognize the ranking member, Ms. Velazquez, for 5 minutes.    Chairman CHABOT. The gentle----    Chairman CHABOT. You can complete your thought.    Chairman CHABOT. Thank you very much. The gentlelady's time is expired.    The gentleman from Mississippi, Mr. Kelly, is recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman CHABOT. The gentleman's time has expired. Thank you, gentleman.    The gentlelady from New York, Ms. Clarke, is recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman CHABOT. Thank you. The gentlelady yields back.    The gentleman from New York, Mr. Hanna, who is the chairman of the Subcommittee on Contracting and Workforce, is recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman CHABOT. Thank you. The gentleman from New York's time is expired.    Another member from New York, Ms. Meng, who is the ranking member of the Agriculture, Energy, and Trade Subcommittee. I think 80 or 90 percent of the people that have asked questions other than the chairman himself are from New York are here today.    Chairman CHABOT. The gentlelady is recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman CHABOT. The gentlelady's time has expired. Thank you very much.    The gentleman from Nevada, Mr. Hardy, who is the chairman of the Subcommittee on Investigations, Oversight, and Regulations, is recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman CHABOT. The gentleman's time is expired.    The gentleman from Kansas, Mr. Huelskamp, who is chairman of the Economic Growth, Tax, and Capital Access Committee, is recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman CHABOT. Thank you. The gentleman's time has expired. Thank you.    I would now like to yield up to 5 minutes to the gentlelady who has a few more questions.    Chairman CHABOT. Thank you. The gentlelady yields back.    I would like to note, as chair of this Committee and having worked with the gentlelady from New York, just to acknowledge how determined and how fiercely she has fought for her constituents in the matter of the devastation that was wreaked upon them by Hurricane Sandy, and they were challenged, many of them. Some were bureaucratic challenges. The SBA and others made it very difficult for people to rebuild, and she fought time and time again consistently, never gave up, and has not given up to this day, so I want to publicly recognize that. And they say we are never bipartisan in Congress, right?