    Ms. Kaptur. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Secretary McHugh and General Odierno, thank you so very much for your service to our country. And, General Odierno, I am informed this may be your last formal appearance before our subcommittee, and if that is so, thank you so very much for your service to our country. You won't remember, but I first met you when you were in theater in Iraq at the very beginning of that campaign.    General Odierno. I do.    Ms. Kaptur. And what a difficult journey this has all been for the world and certainly for our soldiers.    I wanted to ask you very quickly, on the issue of Iraq, today, whether you look at Tikrit and what is happening there or throughout Iraq, what percent do you think of the Iraq Army today is comprised of Iraqis who are of Shia or Sunni? If you could just estimate the percentage in the military, what would you guess it is today?    General Odierno. I think in the military it probably represents somewhere along the line of the population. It is probably about 60 to 70 percent Shia and about 20 to 25 percent Sunni and then about 5 to 10 percent Kurd.    Ms. Kaptur. I thank you very much for that. I think for all of us here, when we think about the future of that region, the political reality of Iraq has created a very unbalanced situation. And I don't know where it is all headed, but I have to say I am quite concerned.    General Odierno. If I could just add, ma'am, I apologize, but the real concern is these units, these Shia militias that are operating, frankly, independently of the Iraqi security forces, that aren't officially under the Iraqi security forces. We are not sure who they are reporting to, who is giving them--well, I think we know.    Ms. Kaptur. Were you surprised to see General Suleimani posing for pictures in Iraq?    General Odierno. I am very surprised. It is very disappointing. He has the blood of American soldiers on his hands. And it is very concerning to me, as well as some of the other people that are involved. Mohandis, who has been charged with the bombing of the U.S. Embassy in Kuwait, is also running around there, and it is very concerning to me as I watch this.    Ms. Kaptur. The politics of this has sort of preceded the security matters with which you were charged and are charged. It is very troubling to me, the mismatch between the politics of what is going on and what we are asking our military to do.    I wanted to pivot to the Guard and Reserve very quickly. I am very pleased to see that as Army restructures and Army Air restructures that there has been attention given, pretty significant attention, given to the role of the Guard and Reserve in future force. I obviously represent a great deal of it in Ohio, and we are very, very proud of them. I am concerned that the National Guard will lose 8 percent of its strength. And I am wondering if, for the record, you can provide additional information on which assets will be retained and what assets will be divested.    Ms. Kaptur. I will also just comment that in the region that I represent we have different bases, Reserve, Guard. Many of them all have mechanics. They are not necessarily collocated, but you can see a way of savings for basing trucks, basing planes. And the commanding officer of a Reserve unit sits over in Chicago while the unit might be in Toledo, Ohio, and I am going, ``This makes no sense.''    So the integration of Reserve, Guard units, along with regular force. We have our first unit commander of our F-16 unit at Toledo who is actually regular Army Air. This is the first time this has ever happened historically. So we see the integration happening. I want to encourage you along those lines. I have so much faith in our Guard and Reserve Forces. And thank you for including them in your restructuring. But can you tell us for the record what assets will be----    General Odierno. So what we do, ma'am, is first off, to your comment, as we get down to 450,000, which is in the President's budget, 54 percent of the Army will be in the Reserve and National Guard and 46 percent in the Active. We are the only service who has more structure in our Guard and Reserve than our Active, and that is because we are totally dependent on what they do.    What we do for structure is--I don't want to get into too much detail--we go total Army analysis, which identifies what we need. So what we then do is we divide that up between the Guard, Reserve, and the Active and provide that to the Guard and then we tell them, you have to give us this kind of force, this many combat brigades, this many engineering brigades, this much truck companies. And then we ask them, working with them, they determine where that structure will be inside of the Guard working with each State.    So I can't tell you specifically, because we work with the Guard, but what I can lay out for you is what is the structure in the Guard that we want to have, and then we work with the Guard to develop that very specific laydown from State to State.    Ms. Kaptur. I would just say also to my colleagues who may not represent Guard or Reserve but have big bases that are Regular Force, if you look at the threats we are facing globally, that also can sting us good here at home, I think it is really important that we think about the way that we deploy our Guard and Reserve, who may be needed in the future regionally. They know their communities very well. They need to be integrated with our Homeland Security and our regular police. And this is all ahead of us, but I think it provides us with a strength regionally in each of the places that we represent that is really very important.    General Odierno. And, ma'am, the final thing I would say is with the reduction in the Active Component to 46 percent of the force, in certain areas we are going to be more reliant on the Guard and Reserve than we ever have been before, and specifically in combat support, combat service support, because they probably in some case will be our first responders, because that is where the structure is. And so we have to work very carefully and closely with them to do the integration, as you pointed out.    Ms. Kaptur. I want to associate myself with whatever the Chairman said about Ukraine. And I want to ask General Odierno if you could provide for the record an answer to the question of, since Ukraine is not a member of NATO, what models are there militarily of providing a multinational security force outside of NATO to meet the threat at Ukraine's border. I would appreciate your thoughts on that.    Ms. Kaptur. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. Kaptur. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Welcome. Let me add my words of congratulations and thanks for the service of Dr. Travis and also General Horoho. Thank you both very much for your service to our country. This has been a very difficult period, and I know you have risen to the occasion admirably. We thank you. The people you serve most of all thank you. The American people thank you.    I wanted to ask if you have today or if you could provide to the record the amount of your budget overall that pharmaceuticals now consume compared to, let's say, 2000, the base year of 2000. We have heard today about the compounding pharmaceutical issue rising from $5 million to $700 million. That is really a staggering increase by any measure. But what about brand name drugs and generic? Do any of you have those numbers now or could you give us a general sense of how that has increased over the decade?    General Horoho. No. I was going to say, I will take that for the record of knowing the percentage from 2000 to now.    Ms. Kaptur. I am hearing the words you are saying, but I am not completely understanding what they mean.    General Robb. My sense is that you were asking how are we being good stewards of the taxpayers' money with the opportunities and the tools we have. And, again, through the modernization and, again, the upgrades of our management system, before we had the Army, the Navy, and the Air Force--again, doing a great job--but now we have brought those folks together in a more centralized approach.    Ms. Kaptur. All right. General Robb, if $700 million is being requested for this coming fiscal year for the costs of the compounding pharmaceuticals, would you expect the brand and generics to be triple that, double that? How large is the pharmaceutical portion of your budgets?    Ms. Kaptur. It is shocking to me that you don't know the number, actually.    Ms. Kaptur. All right.    Ms. Kaptur. I appreciate the specificity of your reply. And let me ask you this. In the area of psychiatric and neurological health, one of the most difficult diagnoses relates to those conditions. And I have evidence in my district, not in the military sector, but in the civilian, that because of the pressure on the application of using generics as opposed to brand name, many of those who have been diagnosed with very serious neuropsychiatric conditions and stabilized are being taken off their brand name medicines and given generics because of servicers, when the servicers get involved.    And I want to ask you, how are you protecting the patients that will come under your care from that kind of decision by insurance companies or servicers as opposed to doctors? I am concerned about costs, but I am also concerned about patient care. And if people are taken off brand name pharmaceuticals when they need them, what happens is it costs you more in the long run because they come back into the emergency rooms, if they are alive.    So could you address how you as physicians and medical care professionals are preventing that kind of abuse of the patients under your care in the neuropsychiatric arena?    General Horoho. So, ma'am, I will take that first, if that is okay, because I would like to, if I could just expand it a little bit, because part of the aggressiveness that we have been doing when we look at behavior health and psychological health is to really look and say how do we decrease reliance on pharmaceuticals in the first place, and then prescribe pharmaceuticals when they are absolutely needed.    And so we have actually had our primary care physicians that are trained in behavior health, we have embedded behavior health in our primary care, we are using acupressure, acupuncture, yoga, and mindfulness to be able to decrease the reliance on pharmaceutical. We have seen a 50 percent reduction in reliance in that area. We have seen, just in opiate usage, we were at 6 percent for a 6-month usage and we have gotten that down to 2.4 percent. And when you look at all the other things that come from relying too much on opiates----    Ms. Kaptur. What if they are bipolar, ma'am?    General Horoho. I still believe there is medication that absolutely needs to be used for bipolar, but I also believe part of what is more important is to do a comprehensive and holistic care of our servicemembers or their family members that have depression, that have bipolar, that have other behavior health issues.    We do look at is there a medication that will be able to have the outcome that we desire, is it generic or does it need to be the labeled medication, but how do we incorporate all these other pieces to it?    We have also used two other things that I think are very impactful. We have seen a 64 percent reduction in inpatient hospitalization by taking our healthcare providers outside of bricks and mortars and putting them in where our soldiers are actually working every day to increase that habitual relationship. And then we increased from a million outpatient visits to 2 million outpatient visits, which means people are seeking more care.    And so I think it has to be this holistic look, because we will never in the U.S. have enough behavior health providers to be able to treat all of the conditions that we have and the demand in the stressful world. And so my concern is, is that we do have to take it from a holistic approach and then look at applying the right medication in time to do that.    And so we do now have comparable when they leave the Active Duty and they go into the VA system, we now have an agreement with the VA where they can use the same type of behavior health medication that they were on while they were serving on Active Duty. That is a huge change over this last year.    Ms. Kaptur. Could I ask you to please look at the Ohio National Guard study that has been ongoing for several years now?    General Horoho. Yeah. I have got it.    Ms. Kaptur. Are you aware of that?    General Horoho. I am. And there has been actually some very good data that has come out of that of being able to link PTSD, childhood adversity, and then generic variants, and to look at how did those all come into play, because that then changes the treatment. And there has been work that has been done at looking at the lowest rate of psychiatric health service use in servicemembers, also having that tied to substance abuse disorder, and then saying how do we then insert our healthcare capabilities so that we decrease the reduction of reliance on alcohol and other substance abuse measures that are there.    And I think probably the biggest thing that has come out of that study is when we looked at the same model in civilian stressors were significantly predictive of subsequent alcohol use disorders, while traumatic events experienced during the following combat were not. And so I think when we look at the Reserves, the National Guard, I think it is important for us to factor in that piece of their life when we are really looking at health readiness for our servicemembers.    Ms. Kaptur. Would the gentleman yield on that point?    Ms. Kaptur. Could I kindly ask whether there is a complaint line in each of your departments for those who are having trouble with the servicer?    General Travis. Yes.    General Robb. Yes, sir.    General Horoho. Absolutely.    Ms. Kaptur. Yes. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Very quickly, I am going to tick off several items. General Horoho, thank you again for your service and for including a title in your testimony, transitioning from a healthcare system to a system for health. I like the way the discussion is going. I have had that very same discussion with the VA, and believe I represent the first VA clinic in the country, which we call a VA center, which is turning the old concept of sickness to wellness. And so we thank you for that very, very important perspective.    I wanted to also ask Admiral Nathan, could you repeat the number that you gave in my prior question on the cost of pharmaceuticals, what the projected amount is over what period of time, please?    Ms. Kaptur. Over the next 5 years?    Ms. Kaptur. I hope the American people are hearing that during this hearing.    Ms. Kaptur. I want to note that in the civilian sector, as well as this one obviously, the cost of pharmaceuticals is off the charts. I cannot believe what my constituents are dealing with, as well as the military, and it is beyond reason and many people simply can't afford it. So it is impacting this budget as well, and I just want to make a point of it.    I wanted to also ask, General Horoho, we talked a lot about neuropsychiatric conditions. And I support all of the supportive services that you are providing to your soldiers in the Regular Force and in the Guard. Can you provide for the record a listing--and maybe all the departments--of your in-patient and outpatient services in a year, what percent would fall into the category of, however you describe it, behavioral health, I call it neuropsychiatric care, what percentage of in-patient and outpatient visits every year relate to that?    And then subdivisions of that. I distinguish in my mind between TBI and between someone who has a very serious bipolar condition. But I am interested in how you would classify it.    General Horoho. Yes, ma'am. So when we look at our TBI and behavior health, we have actually made a move over the last 4 years to put those services together, because we believe it is very hard to tease out one from the other. And so what we are finding in our Intrepid Centers is that by having those two together along with neurocognitive behavior therapy, and then the other alternative therapies together, we are actually seeing very good success rate.    And we have done that on the battlefield in Afghanistan as well. We used to have them separate, and we put those together. And when we put those together and followed our protocols, Army, Navy, and Air Force, we actually had a 97 percent return-to-duty rate for those that had exposures to concussions.    And then we have seen a decrease with behavioral health, because instead of waiting for our soldiers to come back, we were actually treating them in theater and at the point when something happened. So we are trying to be much more aggressive in treating stressors in life, and then also the whole array of behavioral health diagnoses that are there.    Ms. Kaptur. Well, I would be real interested in the classification of how you would term these conditions.    General Horoho. Okay. We will be--    Ms. Kaptur. And then what is second, third, fourth on the list for each of your departments. That would be very, very interesting.    General Horoho. We will be glad to.    Ms. Kaptur. I wanted to also ask General Travis, in the area of human performance, could you elaborate a bit on the concept of human performance and the link of technologies used in missions performed by airmen and what actions you have taken to create the shift in focus to human performance? What are you finding?    General Travis. I will keep this brief, and that is hard, because this is something that is a passion I think with me, and certainly those that I work with now. And it applies across the Services, I believe, and we have all kind of acknowledged this today and in our previous discussions.    But in particular, RP operators, remotely piloted vehicles, who now we are projecting air power from thousands of miles away, and you will have young airmen who are sitting in a dark room with a bright screen with a top secret security clearance who are, no kidding, watching people who do us harm or our allies harm and making decisions or communicating information to commanders in the field to make decisions that is part of the kill chain.    And so these airmen--and 90 percent of them are very young airmen--are wonderfully skilled, very talented, but they step out of that battle space and they are in battle in places like Nevada or New Mexico or you name it, Virginia, California. And many, frankly, now, Reserve and Guard units are doing the same thing.    We felt compelled by the need to support these airmen the way they project air power now. And I only named those two career fields. We are looking really across the spectrum of how we present air power these days. We now have embedded not just mental health providers and a technician who have top secret security clearances, but also perhaps a family practice doc, flight doc, and a medical tech also with a security clearance. The line actually paid for these positions, paid for their clearances.    I might also add in two of our intel groups that I visited, the mental health providers also have a therapy dog. And they have space on the floor, they have the right clearance, they are right there with those airmen who now understand that is their doc. And you talk about a way to break down stigma, they don't have to go to a clinic and say, hey, I am having trouble. They don't do that. They actually know their doc, they actually may talk to them during their break, their mandatory break from their shift. And then if they really do need intervention other than just the little talk they might have there, you know, they will make an appointment with them the next day to their doc--it might be 5 in the morning--and they will get the help they need.    By the way, the chief, the command chief that works in one of these wings told me that in the past year we prevented two suicides in her unit. That tells me we also then prevented or mitigated a lot of other bad behavior that I alluded to earlier, you know, drug abuse, alcohol abuse, just on wellness, frankly, in a very high stress career field that now really is how we do war. It is not like it used to be.    Ms. Kaptur. One of the interesting findings that we had in the Ohio Guard study was that because we do not have a draft and people voluntarily enlist, that it actually was shocking to me the number of people coming into the military who have had violent experiences in their own life, multiple times, and how this impacts behavior inside the military. That is a change. That is a generational change. So I just wanted to put that on the record.    And finally, Mr. Chairman, take 5 seconds to say I was going to ask the departmental health service group to let me know what you pay every year for Heparin per bag and Depakote and Lamictal, brand name medications used in neuropsychiatric care. I would like to know what we are paying for those. They are critical to many patients, and I am just curious what the per unit charge is.    Ms. Kaptur. I would observe that it is still----    Ms. Kaptur. This is not a terribly serious comment, but notice which end of the aisle is here, this part of the bench.    Ms. Kaptur. Yes. Yes. I just wanted to assure the Congressman that coming from Ohio and being one of the advocates for Wright-Pat and the human performance program. Thank you for coming today. Thank you for coming before our subcommittee and expressing in very clear terms why this research is so very important.    And finally, after so many decades, we are paying attention to the impacts of this kind of heroism really on human health, both short term and long term. And all I can say, I kept thinking as I was listening to you, in my single flight on an F-16, the pressure and what happens to the body, frankly, I couldn't do that job. The average citizen has no idea of the physical impacts that some of these missions require of the individual.    And so thank you so very much for taking the time to come before us today and advocate for our airmen and our seamen. Thank you.    Ms. Kaptur. Ohio.