    Mr. Mullin. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And thank you for being here today and thank you for hanging over as we had to run and vote. They don't seem to care about hearings. They just call votes whenever.    Anyways, look, there is a couple of questions that I think is very important to us so we can get an understanding. One, if you could answer this the best you can. I understand that on March 21st, 2014, HHS issued a proposed rule for making payments that are required by law under the reinsurance program. It is my understanding that this rule accurately reflect what was required by statute, the payments being made in three areas, one to the Treasury, insurance companies and to cover administration costs; is that correct?    Mr. Mullin. You believe so?    Mr. Mullin. I mean that is what the law is, right?    Mr. Mullin. Then ten days later HHS issued another proposed rule that completely changed what was proposed in the first rule. Now the payments would go to the insurance companies and the Treasury would only get payments until a certain threshold was made for the insurance companies; is that correct?    Mr. Mullin. Can you explain why?    Mr. Mullin. What do you mean silent? It specifically addressed the three issues. It doesn't speak, it is a statute. It is written.    Mr. Mullin. In the statute, it specifically says that it is to go to the Treasury, insurance company, and to cover administrating costs, not the insurance companies and then pay only after a certain threshold. That wasn't specified in it; is that correct?    Mr. Mullin. No, no. The statute, not the rule. Not what you guys issued, the statute.    Mr. Mullin. Yes. Well, you mentioned rule. Go ahead.    Mr. Mullin. Has that public comment been made public yet?    Mr. Mullin. The opinions have been made back, the response has been made back to the committee?    Mr. Mullin. OK.    Mr. Mullin. Now what did the public comments suggest?    Mr. Mullin. By whom, because that wasn't the intent of the original statute and that is I am asking the question. We obviously don't support it going back to the insurance companies. Intention was to help pay down the debt. And yet after a rule was issued, ten days later you reissued another rule stating basically what you guys felt needed to be done.    Mr. Mullin. Well, it is not an opinion it is a statute, which is why when it is law and when we have a question about it and we want clarification on it and we ask a committee, or we ask HHS for a response to it, we would like clarification. What we never get is clarification.    Mr. Mullin. So if there was clarification that needed to be clarified why wouldn't you come back to the committee and seek clarification on it? I mean, because a statute is a statute of what it was, and so other than issuing a rule and then ten days later coming back and issuing another rule, why wouldn't you just simply come back here? We feel like what happened is that HHS decided to ignore what the statute was, what the intent of Congress was and decided to make your own decisions.    Mr. Mullin. Well, then how else do you explain it? Because you never came back here, and we were asking questions and clarifications and we weren't receiving those.    Mr. Mullin. It is my understanding when the committee asked for clarification there was none issued.    Mr. Mullin. Well, we were still asking questions. We are here today trying to get the questions figured out.    Mr. Mullin. All right, thank you. I yield back.