    Chairman Hensarling. The Financial Services Committee will come to order. Without objection, the Chair is authorized to declare a recess of the committee at any time.    Today's hearing is for the purpose of receiving the Semi-Annual Report of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau     I want to thank Director Cordray for coming today to testify before us. I also want to acknowledge that votes are expected throughout his appearance today, so we will ask for your indulgence, Mr. Director.    I have been informed by the cloakroom that the next vote series will hopefully consist of only one vote. If that proves to be true, then we will not have to interrupt the hearing. And we will hopefully find some way to take turns here.    I wish to also inform Members that the Director has no hard stop of time, so he is making himself available to all Members.    I now recognize myself for 3 minutes to give an opening statement.    The CFPB undoubtably remains the single most powerful and least accountable Federal agency in all of Washington. When it comes to the credit cards, auto loans, and mortgages of hardworking taxpayers the CFPB has unbridled discretionary power, not only to make those loans less available and more expensive, but to absolutely take them away.    Consequently, Americans are losing both their financial independence and the protection of the rule of law. The Bureau is fundamentally unaccountable to the President because the Director can only be removed for a cause; fundamentally unaccountable to Congress because the Bureau's funding is not subject to appropriations; and fundamentally unaccountable to the courts because the Dodd-Frank Act requires courts to grant the CFPB deference regarding its interpretation of Federal consumer and financial law.    Thus, the Bureau regrettably remains unaccountable to the American people, and that is why we need the CFPB on budget and led by a bipartisan commission. Mere testimony is not the equivalent of accountability.    I was struck by a comment made by one of my Democratic colleagues, who argued during our committee's mark-up of our budget views and estimates that the Bureau needed to be protected from ``the whim of whomever are the legislators.''    I would remind all of my colleagues that the legislators are chosen by the American people under the provisions of our Constitution.    Powerful Washington bureaucrats must answer to the American people and not the other way around.    I find it most ironic to hear any Democrat arguing against democracy. I am reminded of a warning by author and theologian C.S. Lewis who said, ``Of all tyrannies, a tyranny sincerely exercised for the good of its victims may be the most oppressive.'' All of this, once again, begs the question, who will protect consumers from the overreach of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau?    Free checking has been cut in half. QM increasingly stands for ``quitting mortgages'' as community bank after community bank finds that they can no longer offer mortgages to many of their deserving customers.    Now, we are to the subject of overdraft protection. I heard from one of my constituents, Tamara from Athens, Texas, in the 5th Congressional District, ``I wish to keep the overdraft protection. I should have the right to choose.''    And that is really what this debate is all about, protecting the rights, the fundamental and economic liberties of the American citizen, so that we can seek economic growth, and they can find their financial independence.    True consumer protection requires access to competitive, transparent, and innovative markets which are vigorously policed for force, fraud, and deception. True consumer protection empowers consumers and respects their economic freedoms to make important, informed choices free from government interference and fiat.    The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Missouri, Mr. Clay, for 1\1/2\ minutes for an opening statement.    Chairman Hensarling. The gentleman yields back.    The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Texas, Mr. Neugebauer, the chairman of our Financial Institutions Subcommittee, for 2 minutes.    Chairman Hensarling. Reset the clock please so you can start--we will give the gentleman from Texas a do-over.    Chairman Hensarling. The time of the gentleman has expired.    The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Georgia, Mr. Scott, for 1 minute.    Chairman Hensarling. The time of the gentleman has expired.    The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Texas, Mr. Green, for one minute.    Chairman Hensarling. The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Connecticut, Mr. Himes, for 1\1/2\ minutes.    Chairman Hensarling. The time of the gentleman has expired. As we are essentially in the basement of the Visitor Center, your smartphone may not be quite so smart down here, I wish to alert Members that there is a single vote taking place on the Floor now, with 12 minutes, 38 seconds remaining. But we will go ahead and hear the testimony of the Director, and perhaps Members can take turns casting their one vote and returning.    So today, we welcome the testimony of the Honorable Richard Cordray, Director of the CFPB. He has previously testified before our committee, so I believe he needs no further introduction.    Director Cordray, without objection, your written statement will be made a part of the record, and you are now recognized to give an oral presentation of your testimony.    Chairman Hensarling. The Chair now recognizes himself for 5 minutes.    Director Cordray, we have spoken about the Qualified Mortgage rule on more than one occasion. Those of us on this side of the aisle have a great concern, ultimately, about how it will impact the ability of many of our constituents to access mortgage credit.    I will take note of the recent rules that you have respecting the rural designation. I think it is a step in the right direction. And I know that you don't often hear complimentary words from my mouth, so I thought--    Chairman Hensarling. --I would throw you a curveball there. I want to go back though, and we have spoken about this before, but as you well know the Federal Reserve came out with a study which I think dates back almost a year ago now which showed that 22 percent of those who bought a home in 2010, one out of every five borrowers, would no longer qualify under your debt-to-income (DTI) rule. And roughly one-third of African-Americans and roughly one-third of Hispanic borrowers would not qualify as well.    So we have talked about this before, but you have had ample opportunity now to take a look at the study. Do you disagree with its methodology, or do you disagree with its conclusion, either one?    Chairman Hensarling. If I could stop you right there, as I understand it, for 6 more years you essentially exempt the rule for any mortgage that is bought by Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, so assuming they remain in conservatorship, in 6 years would the study be valid but for the fact that you essentially, for a lack of a better term, told the statute?    Chairman Hensarling. If Congress does not act on GSE reform then what is your intention 6 years hence because this gets--still, we could quibble over the percentages, but I assume that you think there is some validity to the fact that many of these people will no longer be able to access mortgage credit.    Chairman Hensarling. So you were saying that the Fed study is inconsistent with the rule that you adopted?    Chairman Hensarling. I understand that, but the Fannie and Freddie patch will end one day.    Chairman Hensarling. But if you are anticipating making adjustments, why put in place such a draconian rule in the first place? How is it a good rule if you are simply going to change it once it actually impacts hardworking American taxpayers?    Chairman Hensarling. I simply offer the coucil, again, as you well know. And I am very glad that you have your community banking advisory council.    There is a reason that so many community bankers now refer to the QM rule as ``quitting mortgages.'' And I think we are seeing that nationwide. In the small time I have remaining, with respect, apparently you are anticipating rolling out a payday lender rule which is discretionary under Dodd-Frank, not mandatory.    Payday lenders, as you well know, are regulated. They are just not regulated by you and your Bureau. Can you, if you are going to roll out a rule, tell me which particular States you believe do not adequately regulate payday lending so as to justify the preemption of this local power?    Chairman Hensarling. I think we both know that they are ``quitting mortgages.''    Chairman Hensarling. I understand that but what is the reason to preempt the current legal structure?    Chairman Hensarling. Are there specific States that you believe have inadequate protections? I believe there are roughly a dozen States that functionally outlaw it today. So, again, this is a discretionary rulemaking, as I understand it under Dodd-Frank, not mandatory. There is some reason that you are going to undertake this, so I can only assume that you feel that there are certain States that have inadequate protections, and I am curious as to which ones. And I assume that you have undertaken a study of which States are involved.    Chairman Hensarling. But there is no specific State that you find has an inadequate regulatory regime to protect consumers?    Chairman Hensarling. The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Texas, Mr. Green, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Hensarling. The time of the gentlelady has expired.    The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Missouri, Mr. Luetkemeyer, chairman of our Housing and Insurance Subcommittee.    Chairman Hensarling. The time of the gentleman has expired. The Chair now recognizes the gentlelady from New York, Mrs. Maloney, ranking member of our Capital Markets Subcommittee, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Hensarling. Go ahead and get your question out.    Chairman Hensarling. The time of the gentlelady has expired.    The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Wisconsin, Mr. Duffy, chairman of our Oversight and Investigations Subcommittee.    Chairman Hensarling. The time of the gentleman has expired.    The Chair now recognizes the gentlelady from New York, Ms. Velazquez, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Hensarling. The gentlelady yields back. The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Michigan, Mr. Huizenga, chairman of our Monetary Policy and Trade Subcommittee.    Chairman Hensarling. The time of the gentleman has expired. The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Massachusetts, Mr. Capuano.    Chairman Hensarling. The gentleman yields back. The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from New Jersey, Mr. Garrett, chairman of our Capital Markets Subcommittee.    Chairman Hensarling. The time of the gentleman has expired. The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Missouri, Mr. Clay, ranking member of our Financial Institutions Subcommittee.    Chairman Hensarling. I could bite on that one, but I won't. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New Mexico, Mr. Pearce.    Chairman Hensarling. The time of the gentleman has expired.    The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Florida, Mr. Posey.    Chairman Hensarling. The time of the gentleman has expired.    The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Missouri, Mr. Cleaver, ranking member of our Housing and Insurance Subcommittee.    Chairman Hensarling. The gentleman yields back.    The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Georgia, Mr. Westmoreland.    Chairman Hensarling. The Chair now recognizes the gentlelady from Ohio, Mrs. Beatty.    Chairman Hensarling. The time of the gentlelady has expired.    The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Ohio, Mr. Stivers.    Chairman Hensarling. The time of the gentleman has expired.    The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from California, Mr. Sherman.    Chairman Hensarling. The time of the gentleman has expired. The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Illinois, Mr. Hultgren.    Chairman Hensarling. The time of the gentleman has expired. The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Georgia, Mr. Scott.    Chairman Hensarling. The gentleman yields back. The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Tennessee, Mr. Fincher.    Chairman Hensarling. The time of the gentleman has expired.    The Chair now recognizes the gentlemen from Washington, Mr. Heck.    Chairman Hensarling. The time of the gentleman has expired. The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Colorado, Mr. Tipton.    Chairman Hensarling. The time of the gentleman has expired. The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Texas, Mr. Williams.    Chairman Hensarling. The time of the gentleman has expired.    The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Maine, Mr. Poliquin.    Chairman Hensarling. The time of the gentleman has expired.    Chairman Hensarling. The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Colorado, Mr. Perlmutter.    Chairman Hensarling. The time of the gentleman has expired. The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Arkansas, Mr. Hill.    Chairman Hensarling. The time of the gentleman has expired. The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from North Carolina, Mr. Pittenger.    Chairman Hensarling. The time--    Chairman Hensarling. The time of the gentleman has expired. The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Kentucky, Mr. Barr.    Chairman Hensarling. The time of the gentleman has expired.    The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Arizona, Mr. Schweikert.    Chairman Hensarling. The time of the gentleman has expired.    The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania, Mr. Rothfus.    Chairman Hensarling. The time of the gentleman has expired.    The Chair now recognizes the gentlelady from Missouri, Mrs. Wagner.    Chairman Hensarling. The time--    Chairman Hensarling. The time of the gentlelady has expired.    The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from South Carolina, Mr. Mulvaney.    Chairman Hensarling. The time of the gentleman has expired.    The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Florida, Mr. Ross.    Chairman Hensarling. The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from New Hampshire, Mr. Guinta.    Chairman Hensarling. The time of the gentleman has expired. There are no other Members in the queue, so I would like to thank--    Chairman Hensarling. Yes.    Chairman Hensarling. Perhaps we could do that off--    Chairman Hensarling. That can be communicated to the office. But I do wish to thank you, Dr. Cordray. Four hours is a long time to sit at a witness table.    The Chair notes that some Members may have additional questions for this witness, which they may wish to submit in writing. Without objection, the hearing record will remain open for 5 legislative days for Members to submit written questions to this witness and to place his responses in the record. Also, without objection, Members will have 5 legislative days to submit extraneous materials to the Chair for inclusion in the record.    This hearing stands adjourned.