    Mr. Mica. Did you want to yield to me for 6 and I can yield you 1? Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Again, we have agencies that do not comply with a request from Congress.    Mr. Meyer, I've got a copy here of--it's a small copy; I usually give these to students. It's the Constitution of the United States. Are you familiar with that document?    Mr. Mica. And I turn to, after the Preamble, ``We the people,'' to Article 1, Section 1. You may be familiar with that, too. It says: ``All legislative powers herein granted shall be vested in a Congress of the United States which shall consist of a Senate and House of Representatives.''    Are you aware of that?    Mr. Mica. And other than this document, these few pages, the first--this is the Constitution. All laws emanate from this document, don't they?    Mr. Mica. Yes.    Mr. Mica. I was here when we created, in fact, I helped author GSA. I helped name GSA and create it. We created that, I believe, before DHS. I spoke from this dais, when DHS came through here, and said: We shouldn't do it. It was a mistake to think it would be more efficient and economical to combine 21 agencies and over 200,000 people.    I turned out to be right, and we should dismantle that. We have the authority to do that, don't we?    My point is that we created DHS. We created TSA. Do you think the Congress and this committee has the right to investigate misconduct and mismanagement at the TSA and DHS?    Mr. Mica. Yeah. We created it; we have that right. But TSA, in fact, has failed--and DHS--every document request for production and also extensions of deadlines to produce documents of November 13, 2015; December 17, 2015; February 20, 2016; March 4, 2016; March 29, most recently, 2016, a few weeks ago. You've either failed to produce the--well, you've failed to produce the documents, even under the extended deadline requests.    Mr. Mica. Are you aware of that?    Mr. Mica. Oh, I heard that.    Mr. Mica. I heard that. I heard that. I clearly heard that. In fact, I wrote right at the top here, 21,000.    And that's the game they play, for the new members. I've been on this committee longer than anyone, and I can tell you I've never seen agencies--whether you're Democrat or Republican, Independent--this is something that is the worst gaming I have ever seen. They'll do two things. ``We produced 21,000 documents,'' but they didn't produce the documents we asked for. So they try to cloud the issues with saying, ``We presented 21,000 documents,'' but you did not produce the specific request that we have.    Now, then the other thing they'll say, ``Oh, we produced the witnesses,'' but they produced low-level witnesses, okay, or people who have no clue. Well, you've seen them. You've seen them, Mr. Cummings. They have no clue.    But this is fundamental to our responsibility of oversight. So this is the game that Mr. Meyer is playing and the others are playing. You've produced lots of paper. You've produced witnesses.    On Friday--now, in January, we asked the TSA witness to come in and testify. We called them back on Friday, I'm told by staff. Are you aware of that?    Mr. Mica. Are you aware what took place? Not only are they producing witnesses that won't be able to testify, those that are able to testify--members of the committee might know that there's a law that goes back, oh, practically to, what was it, 2000--I'm sorry, 1912--Lloyd-La Follette, and this says you can't pay someone if they intimidate someone to not give Congress proper information.    On Friday, your attorneys stopped a witness from giving information and testifying whether he was asked to decline giving information to this committee, which is in violation of Federal law. Are you aware of that?    Mr. Mica. Yeah. And that----    Mr. Mica. Again----    Mr. Mica. Again, we asked him if he was asked, again, to withhold information that we were entitled to. We believe we're entitled to--under the Constitution, under the laws, we created TSA, DHS, and other--other laws that have precedent, we have the right to question that witness, and the law also says that we do not have to pay salaries to people who intimidate people who do not give us the information we request.    And maybe we should start, Mr. Chairman, with withholding this gentleman's salary.    I yield back.