    Mr. Diaz-Balart. Thank you very much, Madam Chairwoman.    First, an observation, which is when this subcommittee spends hard-earned taxpayer money for health efforts around the world or education efforts--something that the ranking member is very key on--or security efforts or human rights efforts around the world, I think the Ebola crisis really demonstrates that we really do it for our national interest. It is to protect the interests of the United States, and I think that was a very clear demonstration of why it is important to look at elsewhere and try to deal with these issues sometimes over there so that we don't have to deal with them here. And that was a great example of that.    Now, there were some gaps, obviously, at the beginning. For example, we had a healthcare--facility here, I think it was only one, that was exposed here, and then we had a couple of healthcare workers who were exposed. It reminds me of, Hurricane Andrew in the State of Florida, where we were clearly ill prepared for the storm. After Andrew, Florida became, frankly, I will tell you, the national leader as far as preparedness for future storms.    What are the lessons that you have learned--I am talking about here domestically--so that, hopefully it won't happen again? The chances are that we will have something else and it might--not be Ebola, it may be something, frankly, even more deadly, even worse, even more contagious than Ebola. What are some of the lessons, that the case of the exposure of the healthcare workers taught us so that we are better prepared in the future when we do have another incident, which may not be Ebola, may be something more dangerous?    Mr. Diaz-Balart. I would imagine part of that is equipment, too. I mean, this is not----    Mr. Diaz-Balart. You just can't show up there without, you know, protective gear.    Mr. Diaz-Balart. Thank you very much, Madam Chairwoman.    Mr. Secretary, let me bring you a little bit closer to home, to this hemisphere, Cuba. As you know, U.S. law states that if certain conditions are met by the Castro regime, the embargo in essence goes away. The President has been stating, he said in the State of the Union that he wants the embargo just to go away, and he wants Congress to lift the embargo without fulfilling those conditions that are in the law.    So which of those conditions does this administration oppose? Or which of those conditions does this administration believe that the Cuban people do not deserve? Because let me tell you what they are. They are the release of all political prisoners. They are the legalization of political parties, independent press, and independent labor unions, and free elections.    Those are the conditions in law. The administration has said that we don't need to meet those conditions, that Congress should get rid of the sanctions without those conditions. Which one of those conditions does this administration think are too much to ask or unfair or the Cuban people do not deserve?    Mr. Diaz-Balart. Let's talk about that, if I may, Mr. Secretary. As you know, I apologize for interrupting but we don't have a lot of time.    Mr. Diaz-Balart. So as of the time of the President's December 17 announcement, there have been hundreds of political arrests, including more just this weekend, 200 last weekend, which include the arrests of over 80 Ladies in White, more than 90 from the Cuban Patriotic Union, including very well-known activists. By the way, at least 5 of the President's so-called 53 political prisoners that the President said is one of the things that he got out of this deal for the United States and for Cuba have been rearrested since then. And yet it seems that the administration is continuing to negotiate, even though the regime has not only continued their repression, has been escalating their repression, but even those that the President said were kind of the success story, that the Castro regime released, a number of them have been rearrested.    So, it would seem that the administration is looking forward to normalization at all costs, regardless of what the regime is doing. And is there anything that the Castro regime would do, could do, to stop this administration from normalizing? Which, as you know, normalizing relations with the United States for a terrorist regime, that is a pretty good gift. So what could they do, what should they do, what can they do that would stop the President and this administration from normalizing?    Mr. Diaz-Balart. Well, Mr. Secretary, there was a shipment of arms that went to North Korea that even the U.N. stated.    Mr. Diaz-Balart. So, I mean, I am sure you are aware of that, Mr. Secretary.    Mr. Diaz-Balart. You are aware that the Colombian military confiscated arms recently that were in the hands of the FARC?    Mr. Diaz-Balart. You are aware of that?    Mr. Diaz-Balart. That would qualify as an act of terrorism.    Mr. Diaz-Balart. And, Mr. Secretary, my time has clearly expired. I would not use China as a model to talk about when we talk about human rights. That is precisely what we do not. When you talk about the success of China, I will tell you that is not a success.    Mr. Diaz-Balart. You mentioned China. I did not, sir.    Mr. Diaz-Balart. Yes, we do.    Mr. Diaz-Balart. Yeah. And has that helped the human rights condition of the Chinese people?    Mr. Diaz-Balart. Has that helped the human rights condition of the Chinese people? That is a discussion for another time because my time is up. I would argue, Mr. Secretary, that it has not.    Thank you. I yield back.    Mr.  Diaz-Balart. And I will be very brief, Madam Chairwoman.    And, again, thank you for your service to our country. You have been serving our country for many, many years. A couple of points, and it sounded like you are very committed to the democracy programs. Is that correct?    Mr.  Diaz-Balart. All right. And, obviously, democracy programs seem to be--are in closed societies. They are not in Liechtenstein, right, so they tend to be potentially dangerous, and you have spoken about that.    With that in mind, I just want to bring you back to Venezuela. I don't have to tell you about the situation in Venezuela. The administration has been kind of taken aside. The Secretary of State said that he was compounded by the situation in Venezuela, and yet the House has consistently put--last year $8 million for democracy programs in Venezuela. The request from the administration is $5.5 million. Any chance that there will be an amendment to that request of $5.5 million since the administration is now realizing that we seem to have a serious issue with Venezuela and the lack of democracy therein?    Mr.  Diaz-Balart. Well, I am glad to hear that, I mean, about your commitment to that. This committee has always been committed to that. I think you are going to see--that emphasis, not only in Venezuela, but in Cuba and elsewhere, and look forward to working with you on that.    And I know I am out of time.    Mr. Diaz-Balart. Thank you very much, Madam Chairwoman.    Let me follow up on what Chairwoman Granger mentioned about Plan Colombia. I mean, I think everybody understands that it has been a huge success, potentially the greatest success story after the Marshall Plan. I mean, it has really been a huge success.    And, Ambassador, take some credit for it, because you were there, and I know a lot of the work that you did.    But, clearly, the foundation of Plan Colombia, as the Chairwoman stated, was security. Listen to President Uribe. He will tell you. It is security. It is security first, it is security second, it is security third.    And my concern is that I don't see that emphasis on security. And I don't disagree with what you all have talked about, that there are other components. But unless people feel secure--and I don't care how much opportunity we give, whether it is in Honduras or Guatemala, those gangs are still going to go to little girls and take them. Those gangs are still going to go to folks' families and murder them if they don't join the gangs, et cetera.    Ambassador, I agree with you. I think CARSI has done some really good things, and it is a long-term proposition. So my concern is I just don't see in this proposal, frankly, enough emphasis on that security component.    So I would just ask you, how is this different from Plan Colombia and how is it similar to Plan Colombia, particularly in the security aspect?    Mr. Diaz-Balart. I agree.    Mr. Diaz-Balart. And I don't disagree with you. And it is just that, when I look at this, I see, again, yes, there is obviously security, and I understand the security component has different aspects of it. But I just don't see enough emphasis on how to deal with these criminal enterprises. They are criminal enterprises. These are drug gangs, narco-terrorists, narcotrafficking, you know--and I just don't see enough of that. That is my concern.    So, since I have very little time, have you all been in contact with SOUTHCOM--Remember, I have SOUTHCOM in my district. How much of this has been put together, the security aspect--how much input has SOUTHCOM had? Do you all meet with them regularly?    And, then, is it their plan, is the security coming from them? Is it coming from you, Ambassador? Is it coming from you, the Department of State? How much of this is SOUTHCOM-driven?    Mr. Diaz-Balart. And my time is up. Thank you, Madam Chairman. I just do want to emphasize that unless we do have serious security, to your point, then everything else is wasted money.    Mr. Diaz-Balart. Thank you, Madam Chairwoman.    Actually, I wasn't going to bring the issue up of Cuba. Since a couple of my colleagues did and I have Secretary Jacobson here, let me bring it up.    Narcotrafficking. There are a number of Cuban high-level officials who have been indicted by U.S. Federal grand juries for narcotrafficking.    Rene Rodriguez Cruz, who was an official of the Cuban intelligence service and a former member of the Cuban Communist Party Central Committee, in your negotiations for normalization, is his return, his extradition to the United States, is that one of the conditions that you are asking for?    Mr. Diaz-Balart. Well----    Mr. Diaz-Balart. Right. And there are about 80 fugitives. I mean, there is three or four that are actual, you know, high-level----    Mr. Diaz-Balart . Regime members who were indicted by U.S. Federal grand juris for narcotrafficking. There are also fugitives from U.S. law----    Mr. Diaz-Balart . Including in the top 10----    Mr. Diaz-Balart . Most wanted terrorist list, Joanne Chesimard and others.    So my question is this. So you are going to normalize--before you are going to demand that these fugitives from American law, be returned. Whether it is those who have escaped from the United States, which are close to 80, or those who have been indicted, who are high-level officials. You can understand how some of us are a little taken back when the Department of State has gone to the extreme of sending back three high-level convicted spies, one of them who had a life sentence for conspiracy to commit murder, the murder of three Americans, and then went to the extreme of actually transporting sperm from a convicted spy. I don't know if, by the way, Madam Chairwoman, if you are aware of this. Our U.S. Government went to the extreme of transporting sperm from a convicted spy, again, who was in prison there for conspiracy to commit murder, the murder of three Americans, so that he could impregnate his wife in Cuba.    So we have gone to that extreme of releasing and sending to Cuba three high-level terrorists, and that was before normalization. That has already been done. And yet, for three high-level indicted members, senior officials of the Castro regime, that will not be talked about later, or about 80 fugitives of American law who are there, one of them as far as we can tell is even living--or has been living, in the Castro compound, again, who is on the FBI's most wanted terrorist list.    You are telling me that that will be brought up after you normalize, correct?    Mr. Diaz-Balart. Well, the administration did.    Mr. Diaz-Balart. Without getting into debate now, Madam Secretary, you do know that those were conditions established by the regime before. So, in other words, the Cuban regime established conditions before they would talk about normalization, including the return of those spies.    And, by the way, the families of the victims were told that this would not happen, and so they were lied to.    But the regime's conditions, preestablished conditions, were met by the administration. But the administration, again, has not conditioned anything, whether it was the return of the three indicted for narcoterrorism or the close to 80 fugitives from U.S. law.    That is something that will be discussed later, which, again, leads a lot of us to believe that these negotiations are, you know, frankly--it is what Senator Marco Rubio said. That is what happens when you send your speechwriter to negotiate with intelligence officers.    I yield back, Madam Chairwoman.    Mr. Diaz-Balart. Thank you very much.    Ambassador Power, good to see you. In this administration, you tend to be, sometimes the lonely voice in speaking up for human rights around the world, and I commend you for that.    I have a couple of specifics. Last week in the Summit of the Americas in Panama, a group of Cuban pro-democracy activists, as well as a number of American citizens, were attacked by, among others, the head of the Cuban Intelligence in Venezuela, Colonel Alexis Frutos Weeden.    By the way, after the attacks, the U.S. citizens were the ones detained. I have a picture here, Madam Chairwoman, of this colonel attacking an American citizen. By the way, there are multiple videos that show that it was not a fight. It was an actual attack, it has been shown already and expressed by the press.    So this is the head of Cuban Intelligence in Venezuela attacking a U.S. citizen. This picture is of two individuals. The one with the two black eyes is an American named Gus Monge. The other woman is a woman from the Damas de Blanco, the Ladies in White, named Leticia Ramos. They were among the attacked.    And, again, here we have a picture of the Americans and the Cubans who were accompanying them who were the ones who were detained for being attacked.    Here is my specific question. Now, that we know that it was members of the Cuban regime who attacked these folks, unprovoked, and now that we know that there are multiple videos showing that, what specifically is the United States going to do to hold the Cuban regime accountable for this egregious attack on American citizens--violent attack on American citizens and Cuban activists in Panama?    Ambassador Power. Thank you, Congressman. And thank you for being so outspoken on human rights in Cuba and well beyond.    Let me just say that, while I know that there are differences of opinion up here on some of the moves that the Obama administration has made with regard to Cuba--it is probably an understatement--we do sincerely believe that the engagement we now have with this regime is going to give us more leverage over time. That said, the human rights conditions in Cuba remain deeply disturbing.    Mr. Diaz-Balart. Madam Ambassador, my time is so limited. Specifically, we had Americans attacked, violently attacked. I showed you that. We know who attacked them. We have videos that show that they were attacked.    What specifically is the United States going to do to hold accountable those in the Cuban regime who attacked U.S. citizens?    Speaking of leverage, now, supposedly, we have more leverage. All right. What specifically are we going to do? What are we doing to hold those folks who attacked Americans? I don't remember, I am sure it happens, but it is rare when Americans are attacked by folks from another embassy where we have videos. What are we going to do to hold them accountable? What are we doing?    Ambassador Power. Well, first of all, I would welcome the facts that you have, which I don't have the details that you have. I did myself issue a statement, as, I believe, did the State Department, on the attack when it occurred.    Mr. Diaz-Balart. And we can usually count on you doing that, and I am grateful for that.    Ambassador Power. But I think, again, we now have channels in which these issues get raised. We are in a process of normalization. Right? We are not going from zero to 60 overnight. We are in constant dialogue with you. We are in constant dialog with Cuban civil society.    So, again, as this process moves forward, it is our job to show those individuals who exercise their peaceful rights that we have their backs, that we will defend them, and that we will raise incidents like this, again, through every channel that we now have with the Cuban authorities.    I will have to take back the question on this specific incident----    Mr. Diaz-Balart. Please, Ambassador.    Ambassador Power . On basis of the limited details that you----    Mr. Diaz-Balart. Please, Ambassador, very briefly in the 30 seconds that I have.    In July, a ship sending elicit arms to North Korea was captured, was intercepted in Panama. You have been very vocal on that.    What are the consequences for the Castro regime for sending elicit arms in violation of the U.N. Sanctions to North Korea?    So far, the consequences have been a meeting with the President of an hour, even though the President didn't meet with the Prime Minister of Israel when he was here, but he spent an hour with the dictator of Cuba and his family. So far, the consequences of the North Korean shipment or of all these other atrocities has been recognition, normalization.    What specifically are we going to do to make sure that the Castro regime is being held accountable for shipping elicit arms to North Korea?    Ambassador Power. Well, as you know, that incident occurred before the normalization process was announced in December. So, again, I think it does highlight that the--in the prior--with the prior administration's policy--this administration's prior policy in place, we still were----    Mr. Diaz-Balart. Except the negotiations have already taken place, Madam Ambassador.    Ambassador Power . Incidents along the lines that you are describing.    In New York, what we have done is condemned Cuba for its involvement in that incident. We have secured something that sounds very bureaucratic and technical, but in my world is important, which is an implementation notice out of the actual Sanctions Committee which documents Cuba's role in this, which is something they and the other parties involved strongly objected to. Our challenge, as you know, is the nature of the Security Council and the permanent memberships and those who stand in the way of more significant action.    But, again, these are precisely the kinds of incidents that we will not change our response to. We will continue to work through the Sanctions Committee. We will continue to speak out. We will not pull our punches on violations of international law.    Mr. Diaz-Balart. Ambassador, thank you.    Thank you, Madam Chairwoman.    Mr. Diaz-Balart. Thank you very much, Madam Chairwoman.    By the way, before I say anything else, I do need to thank Ms. Chartrand--I always get your name--Jennifer, your name wrong.    But during this crisis when the Americans were being attacked in Panama City, I contacted her, we contacted her. They put us in contact with the DCM in our Embassy in Panama, and they were exceedingly responsive. And I think it is important to note that. And so I am very grateful for that. So thank you.    Ambassador, you mentioned a number of issues with Russia, you know, Assad--I think that the concept that he was a reformer--that has been thrown out the window. You mentioned again the support for Assad, the Russian support for Assad. You know, we have got the weapons to Iran. There is a million things that we could mention. And I will forget many and you will forget many.    Obviously, the invasion of the Ukraine, their continuing aggression in the Ukraine, and they still have troops in Georgia. And so--and I will tell you the previous administration at first thought that Putin was a person that--you know, he looked into his eyes and read his soul and, eventually, he--President Bush realized and called him a very cold human being.    Have we reset the reset? And I am not saying this as a gotcha thing. Is there an understanding that--and I think, from your words, I mean, you clearly understand that. But is there an understanding that the--you know, treating and disregarding, which is what a reset--disregarding past abuses? And, remember, the reset was done right after the invasion of Georgia.    Is there a different attitude now as to how we deal with the Russians as opposed to kind of like, ``Well, don't worry about it. We are okay. We are buddies''? Is there a different understanding now of the true nature of a regime that I believe is a dictatorial human rights-abusing regime?    Ambassador Power. Well, I think Russia has taken actions that have resulted in not only the attempted lopping off of part of a neighbor, but the attempted neutering and evisceration of the Democratic progress that Russia had also made internally, you know, including throwing out USAID, which was a critical source of support for--and a lifeline for some of the lawyers groups and independent journalists and anticorruption crusaders within Russia.    So the relationship, of course, is now one that takes on these issues. I mean, back in 2009, if you had been told that, by virtue of U.S. and European sanctions, the ruble would have depreciated the extent to which it has, economic growth would have shriveled--I mean, Russia was going in a very different direction.    But I want to stress this isn't--I mean, sanctions, just as with Iran, are not an end in themselves. We are not interested in sanctions that are hurting the Russian economy for the sake of sanctions. We are interested in Putin ending his aggression in Ukraine.    Our dialogue with the Russians on Syria is rooted in an argument that has not proven persuasive up to this point, but which is that, actually, we both have an interest in seeing the end of the Assad regime because the Assad regime has made possible the growth of ISIS across Syria. And, indeed, it was a safe haven, of course, for those ISIS soldiers that then went into Iraq and took over Mosul and inflicted such suffering on so many.    So we still believe that our shared interest in combating terrorism, in ensuring that chemical weapons are not used and they don't become a routine weapon of war anywhere--and that includes chlorine--should allow us still, notwithstanding a very significant deterioration in the way that we engage with them by virtue of sanctions and by virtue of their aggression in Ukraine--we still believe that there have to be areas of tactical cooperation that we maintain, and the discussion earlier of sanctions evasion is just one example.    It is in our interest for Russia to be a country within the U.N. system that observes the international sanctions that Russia is a part of putting in place. We need--even if we want to put in place something that is of great interest to Congresswoman Lee and that others have mentioned, sanctions on the protagonists in South Sudan who are pulling ethnic Nuer or Dinka out of the house and just killing them because they are of the wrong ethnicity, we have to go through Russia in the Sanctions Committee of the United Nations Security Council.    So we don't have the option of just turning our back and writing off this country, but we are very clear-eyed about the differences and the very disturbing trends.    Mr. Diaz-Balart. Chairwoman, I want to thank you.