    Mr. Whaley. Chairman Sensenbrenner, Ranking Member Jackson Lee, distinguished Members of the Subcommittee, thank you for the opportunity to testify here today. I appreciate the opportunity to explain how DEA responds to allegations of employee misconduct.    I currently lead DEA's Office of Professional Responsibility, which conducts investigations of all allegations of misconduct against DEA employees. Misconduct is generally defined as any violation of the Federal, state, or local law, or any violation of DEA standards of conduct. OPR also monitors trends in employee conduct and behavior; makes recommendations to DEA's executive management when there are weaknesses in DEA's internal controls, policies or procedures; and serves as a liaison to the Office of the Inspector General at the Department of Justice, as well as to other law enforcement internal affairs units in furtherance of misconduct investigations.    As a career special agent with over 30 years of law enforcement experience, I take my role seriously. I want to protect the reputation of all the DEA special agents that act with integrity in fulfilling our vital mission by holding accountable those who don't. We are DEA's single point of contact for all accusations of misconduct against any DEA employee, contractor, or deputized task force officer. This is true regardless of the source of the allegations, whether they are made anonymously by other DEA employees, supervisors, or the general public.    I can assure you my office takes every allegation of misconduct seriously and has procedures in place to ensure that complete, thorough, and fair investigations are conducted. DEA's Office of Professional Responsibility is the first of three parts of DEA's Integrity Assurance Program. Our role is limited to the investigation of allegations of misconduct. The Office of Professional Responsibility has no role in the process of imposing discipline. We collect and document the facts without opinion or bias and forward that information to DEA's Board of Professional Conduct, which imposes discipline. The case is subsequently forwarded to the office of the deciding official, who determines any disciplinary action.    The Office of Professional Responsibility works closely with the Office of the Inspector General of the Department of Justice to ensure all allegations are appropriately investigated. For every allegation that we receive, OPR shares the allegation with the Office of the Inspector General. OIG reviews each accusation of misconduct and determines how the complaint will be investigated. They can choose to investigate the complaint unilaterally, refer the complaint back to DEA and monitor the investigation, or they can refer the complaint back to OPR for us to investigate.    While I understand we are here to talk generally about how misconduct allegations are handled by Federal law enforcement, the recent report by the Inspector General is also relevant. We must constantly learn lessons and seek to improve our efforts.    In addition to implementing all of the OIG recommendations, DEA has taken concrete steps to improve both the training we provide DEA employees, as well as how we coordinate investigations when allegations are made in an effort to avoid such problems in the future. These steps include ensuring that it is clearly understood by all DEA employees that this kind of behavior is unacceptable; outlining steps that employees and supervisors must take when incidents occur; increasing training for all employees, particularly those employees assigned overseas; further explaining the guidelines for disciplinary offenses; and improving internal procedures so appropriate individuals and field management and the Office of Security Programs and the Office of Professional Responsibility are promptly made aware of allegations so they can take appropriate action in a timely manner.    Consistent with the recent direction put forth by the Attorney General which seeks to not only improve the communication between my office and the Office of Security Programs, but also to review the security clearances of the investigative subjects cited in the OIG report, I am committed to continuing to review and push for changes to improve this process. I appreciate the feedback provided by the OIG and look forward to continuing to work with them to improve our systems.    Thank you for the opportunity to be here with you today. I look forward to your questions.    Mr. Whaley. Sir, that behavior that that agent engaged in is absolutely deplorable to me, and----    Mr. Whaley. In my opinion, he should have been fired. Yes, sir.    Mr. Whaley. Well, DEA's disciplinary system is comprised of three parts, the OPR----    Mr. Whaley. Yes.    Mr. Whaley. Sir, the decision to fire someone would be that of the deciding official. I thought the behavior exhibited by that man was deplorable, and if I had the power I would have fired him.    Mr. Whaley. But it would be up to the deciding official to----    Mr. Whaley. I was particularly offended by that case because you had an undercover police officer that was a witness against the agent, and I agree in that case that he should have been removed from service as well.    Mr. Whaley. Sir, in the instance you are referring to in Bogota, I was concerned not only by the sexual conduct engaged in by the agents with prostitutes and living quarters and the close proximity, but also the transactions that were going on between them. So in that case, yes, absolutely, I think they were under-punished.    Mr. Whaley. The investigation in Bogota happened in 2010, prior to the Cartagena in 2012, and both of them were decided at approximately the same time.    Mr. Whaley. I concur that the investigations cited in the OIG report were not done as thoroughly as they should have been. I can assure you that going forward I will personally ensure that the investigations are done as thoroughly as I can possibly control.    Mr. Whaley. I know that the instant case you discussed was handled civilly through the court system. It wasn't handled by OPR, but I certainly can see the privacy protection concerns being discussed by you, sir.    Mr. Whaley. Yes, sir. I hold DEA agents in the highest regard, and this is very embarrassing to me.    Mr. Whaley. In 2014, it is approximately 860 allegations of misconduct.    Mr. Whaley. I don't have an exact number here with me today, but----    Mr. Whaley. It is going to be approximately 160-some-odd.    Mr. Whaley. Somewhere in that range, yes.    Mr. Whaley. I could take that question back and have that researched for you, sir.    Mr. Whaley. I do know there have been some removals.    Mr. Whaley. I don't know the exact number, sir.    Mr. Whaley. No, sir, I don't.    Mr. Whaley. There have been a number of personnel incarcerated.    Mr. Whaley. I don't know the exact number, sir.    Mr. Whaley. Just like you, I am concerned about the behavior that was done down there. Like you said, the behavior happened, began in around 2001. It was reported to OPR in 2010 after the arrest of the corrupt CMP officers.    Mr. Whaley. That is correct.    Mr. Whaley. I don't believe there is a culture problem in DEA. None of the agents I have ever worked with, anywhere I have ever worked, have engaged in similar behavior. But there were different sets of incidents, one that ran from 2001 to approximately 2004, and then 2009-2010 to 2012.