    Dr. Cordova. Thank you very much, Chairman Culberson and Ranking Member Honda, Mr. Kilmer, and all the members of the staff. Good morning. And I must say Chairman Culberson and Ranking Member Honda that your words about NSF and its importance to the competitiveness of our country are music to our ears. They are just very, very important. So thank you very much for recognizing that and so stating.    I am very pleased to testify today on behalf of the National Science Foundation's fiscal year 2017 budget submission. In my written testimony I have addressed specific aspects of our budget request. NSF believes that this budget comprises a strong request that is responsive to both the national interest in science and science in the national interest. In my oral testimony I will discuss the recent discovery that you both mentioned that highlights the role of the National Science Foundation and the rewards of fundamental research.    As you know, Mr. Chairman, in early February I participated in the historic announcement of the first observation of gravitational waves by NSF's Laser Interferometer Gravitational-Wave Observatory, or LIGO. This observation is a sterling example of how and why NSF exists.    Gravitational waves are ripples in the fabric of space time, arriving at the Earth from cataclysmic events in the distant universe. Although Albert Einstein predicted their existence in 1916 their direct observation was a daunting, seeming impossible task. Einstein himself thought so. Nonetheless technological innovation combined with sound theoretical underpinnings were so tantalizing that NSF began funding research in this area in the 1970s. In the 1980s NSF committed to a full-blown observatory with two widely separated sites for positive confirmation of any detection. LIGO in fact was the first of what we call the MREFC projects, or Major Research Equipment Facilities Construction projects for NSF, and it prompted highly productive discussions with Congress. Even though NSF had never funded to that date anything on such a scale, the potential for transformative science was worth it.    With the National Science Board's approval and Congress' support, NSF built LIGO, one of the most precise scientific instruments ever developed, able to monitor the Earth's expansion and contraction to a tiny fraction of the width of the nucleus of an atom. This is a feat comparable to measuring the distance between our sun and the nearest star to about the width of a human hair. The detection of a gravitational wave was made a mere four days after turning on this advanced instrument. That wave arose in the final fraction of a second during a merger of two massive black holes approximately 1.3 billion years ago.    More than a thousand scientists worked in the LIGO scientific collaboration at universities around the states and in 14 other countries. I am pleased to add that nearly half of those scientists are from institutions and states represented by your subcommittee.    This discovery is truly a beginning, not an end. It confirms a major prediction of Einstein's General Theory of Relativity, marks the birth of gravitational wave astronomy, an entirely new way of looking at the universe. This historic achievement illustrates the importance of the National Science Foundation and really exemplifies its role in advancing discovery. The majesty of exploring our universe motivates such ambitious experiments but as with all fundamental science it also offers other benefits that are important to the nation.    For example, the science will advance education, inspiring students and developing the work force our society requires. I think that just as NASA's Moon shot enticed me and so many others of my generation to become scientists, so too will the LIGO result attract young people into science.    The fruits of NSF supported research drive our economy, enhance our security, and ensure our global leadership. As you know, basic research is uncertain and risky, but it can be revolutionary. LIGO is a striking example, but not the only one. Nobel Prizes that mark transformative discoveries, in fact, have been awarded to 217 researchers funded by the National Science Foundation. Fundamental research has transformed our world and will continue to change it in ways that we have not yet imagined.    Mr. Chairman, the budget request before you builds on the Foundation's strong success as the place where discovery and discoverers begin. Our 6.7 percent, or $500 million, increase will place special emphasis on the early career researchers needed to realize tomorrow's breakthroughs. With the fiscal year 2017 request we will be able to fund nearly a thousand early career faculty.    NSF always seeks ways to quicken the pace of discovery. Key to this is enabling early investigators to sustain momentum from their graduate training by investing in them early in their faculty appointments. This strategy would be a downpayment on sustaining our nation's long term competitiveness.    NSF funds thousands of small steps, some more successful than others. Einstein said, ``One should not pursue goals that are easily achieved. One must develop an instinct for what one can just barely achieve through one's greatest efforts.'' This was also the advice I got as a graduate student, aim high for understanding the really big stuff.    With your continued support NSF looks forward to making further discoveries like the one I just discussed that advance our understanding of the origin and evolution of our universe and everything within it, including ourselves.    This concludes my testimony and I will be pleased to answer any questions.    Dr. Cordova. Only very approximately because there are just two facilities, the one in Hanford, Washington and the other in Livingston, Louisiana. And so with just two we could describe a very large arc on the sky where the source could come from. So it excluded a large portion of the sky but it was not a small enough positioning to be able to really say with any definiteness where the source came from. So that is why we need other observatories. And you might know that there is a gravitational wave observatory that is coming online in Italy towards the end of this year and there are others in the early stages in Japan and even India has expressed a desire to be involved. So the more that we have widely distributed around the globe the more precise the positioning will be able to be done. It is just triangulation, basically, and we need more.    Dr. Cordova. The U.S. investment over all time and it has been a long time, four decades, is about $1.1 billion. And we have had contributions of approximately $400 million from the 14 other countries I mentioned. And that has paid for the facilities themselves, so that is between $400 million and $500 million. And the rest has been to fund all the people involved for that very long time.    Dr. Cordova. Why is it important? We want to understand at a very fundamental level the forces of nature and what was responsible for the origin and evolution of the universe and everything within it, including life itself. And we understand very well some aspects of the forces that exist, like electromagnetism, the weak force, the strong force. We understand gravity. But we do not have a unified theory of how all these forces work together. And this has been a pursuit that even Einstein thought about a lot, of how to unify gravity with the quantum mechanics that was just being developed around that time, around the 1920s and 1930s. And so there have been a number of theories, including string theory, that have tried to develop a unified theory that understands gravity and the other forces and quantum mechanics all together as one coherent theory to explain our universe. But that still is a mystery out there, like so many other mysteries we have.    So what this gravitational wave detection does is it opens a new way of observing the universe, namely the gravitational wave spectrum, which we hope, because of the precision of technology now in the new facilities I mentioned coming online, and improvements in our own facilities because that is surely coming as well, will become as well-developed as the electromagnetic spectrum for observation. We think of x-rays and gamma rays at the high frequency end of the electromagnetic spectrum, and then optical and ultraviolet radiation in the middle frequencies, the ones we are more sensitive to with our eyes, and then the long wavelength low frequency electromagnetic radiation like infrared and radio waves. So that is a very well explored spectrum. And as you know, NASA has pioneered it up in space above the atmosphere. But we have not similarly been able to exploit the gravitational wave spectrum because we just have not had to date the technology that is required.    LIGO observes in a certain frequency regime, obviously one that can detect giant colliding black holes and we hope also supernova remnants. But gravitational observatories in space and observatories like the South Pole telescope can observe other parts that are at lower frequencies of the Gravitational-Wave spectrum. And hopefully we can put together a coherent picture of sources that we may not even know exist eventually with more detectors.    Dr. Cordova. They were detected really with the space program, the advent of the space program. So actually----    Dr. Cordova. Well x-rays detected, yes, here with radium and other elements that produce x-rays. But not x-rays from the universe. That is what I thought you meant.    Dr. Cordova. But x-rays obviously, and Madame Curie, and many others were involved, and Rontgen, and other scientists. So that was way back a couple of hundred years ago.    Dr. Cordova. Absolutely. But it was not until we got rockets----    Dr. Cordova . And then satellites above the atmosphere we could detect them from----    Dr. Cordova. Right.    Dr. Cordova. Yes.    Dr. Cordova. Yes.    Dr. Cordova. Yes, of actually a proton, one ten-thousandth the size of the width of a proton. Very, very sensitive, very tiny deviation in the fabric of space time.    Dr. Cordova. No, these are not. We would like to invite the committee to come and see the facility.    Dr. Cordova. You are thinking about the neutrinos. But these are above the ground facilities. The one in Japan is going to be underground, but ours are not. You can visit them and walk the length of the facilities, which is about four kilometers, each arm is. There are beautiful facilities in Louisiana. I have been to both facilities, and by the way, the one in Louisiana has a tremendous education visitors center. So the public can learn about what gravitational waves are and how the interferometer works and it has many different hands-on experiments for the public.    Dr. Cordova. Thank you, Mr. Honda. As you know, we very much value the opportunity to have science set the priorities for what we do. We think that is the healthiest way to ensure discoveries at the frontiers have this input from the science community. So let me start with how we set our priorities.    We have, as you know, a very vigorous science and engineering community, which is very diverse. And they come together in workshops and in decadal committees to help set priorities. They come together under the aegis of the National Academies of Science.    Dr. Cordova. Every ten years, yes. And they come together through their scientific societies, through the academies, and through our advisory committees, each directorate has such a committee too. So we take all this input and so that is the bottoms-up priority setting. And as you know, in some areas they are very clear about what is of the highest priority for making great advances for the next decade. And we generally follow suit. We try to adapt our budget request to follow the highest priorities in science.    Of course it is a very careful balancing act. We never know, as your own remark said when you opened, Mr. Honda, you never know where the next big discovery is going to come from. We fund all of science and engineering so we try to have a very balanced portfolio approach to what we fund and how we look at these priorities set by all the different communities.    We put them together in a budget that is carefully reviewed by our leadership of these different directorates and by their advisory committees. And it is eventually judged by the community themselves what that budget request is going to look like. And we are hopeful that it is interdisciplinary enough to allow the flexibility for discoveries to be made that are very surprising. Sometimes we know what we are after, like detecting a gravitational wave, and sometimes these discoveries are amazing and we absolutely cannot predict where they come from.    So our major concerns regarding the designation of funding amounts within the Research and Related Activities account, which embraces the six directorates, are that it would undermine the cooperation that we see across our organizational units that is a defining characteristic of our current budget development process. And it would jeopardize the agency's flexibility to pursue promising emerging opportunities, and it would minimize the value of input from the scientific community through these different processes.    We think if we did have specific directorate level funding, it would make the whole process very highly politicized and we would lack a reliable mechanism for incorporating expert advice into science and our legislators would be. Instead of the science community coming together with proposals on what is of the highest priority from all the different disciplines, they would go directly to you and insist that their science was the highest priority. And it would be a very unstable way of funding science because when one committee is here and helping, and then it changes over and we have new people in the legislature, we could have ups and downs in funding that would make it very unstable to have consistent funding for science.    So for all those reasons we think it is really not a good idea and not supported by the science community to have directorate-level specific funding by directorates.    Dr. Cordova. Yes, Mr. Jolly. And hello, I am glad you are here. The Advanced Technological Education program is a very important way of embracing all the talent that is in our community colleges and ensuring that they are part of enhancing the STEM workforce. That is the short answer. We are just very concerned that we want to be inclusive, that is the main thing that NSF is concerned about. And to welcome all comers into potential science and engineering careers. And to also become science literate. There are a lot of opportunities in the workforce that are not only being a professor in a university that are extremely important in this highly technological society.    So the ATE program, I believe our request is something like $66 million for this year. It is just a very important part of our portfolio.    Dr. Cordova. Yes. Yes, it is. I have the person, Joan Ferrini-Mundy----    Dr. Cordova . Who is, yes, that is what I remember. The actuals are in 2013 it was $63 million, and as I said today it is $66 million. So I would consider that fairly level funding.    Dr. Cordova. Right.    Dr. Cordova. Right. Well I would like to take a different approach than the chairman took. And just to let you know, the chairman basically said we were not likely to get mandatory funding. But what the important thing is, if we were to get it, what we would use it for.    Dr. Cordova. It is stability funding. Our funding success rate, let us call it, the number of proposals that are successful as a fraction of the folks that are proposing them, has gone down in the last couple of decades from something like 40 percent to 20 percent overall. So that is a huge drop. And I know part of it of course is increasing the numbers of proposals, but that is after all what we are trying to do as a country, namely, get people more involved in making discoveries, discoveries that can lead to innovation. And so regarding the $400 million, we found when we did analysis of this statistic that it is actually the early investigators, that is those within a dozen years of their Ph.D., who have the lowest success rates. And that is for a variety of reasons. They are early. They are first-timers. They may not know all the ropes. It is a very vulnerable stage of their career----    Dr. Cordova . Because it is one where they could make the Nobel Prize discovery; they have got young, creative minds. And by not getting their proposal accepted, they could go in another direction and we could lose them to the science and engineering workforce. And so what we would do is direct that $400 million towards increasing the success rate of early investigators with a special emphasis on data-intensive training. Because we believe that understanding data, big data analysis and data science, is just so important to the future of our country in all fields.    Dr. Cordova. It is the latter, for sure. You know, if you just look at the levels of the funding for the different disciplines you can see that there is enormous difference between, say, math and physical sciences, which is at the high end, and social and behavioral sciences, which is the low end.    Dr. Cordova. With the science community and all of us coming together and over time, there is priority. But the priority is set by the potential for breakthrough and by the needs of communities. I mean, one can argue that some do not need big facilities, big telescopes, big ships and so forth.    Dr. Cordova. Right.    Dr. Cordova. Thank you, Mr. Kilmer.    Dr. Cordova. Well first of all, NSF definitely would agree that digital literacy is very, very important. We do team up with the National Academy. We do ask them to do many different studies and we think this is a very important area. We would welcome teaming with them.    We also, yesterday I met with the Secretary, Dr. King, of Education and we talked about this very subject in the context of a new program that we are funding together called Computer Science for All. You may have heard of it. We are just rolling it out. And Computer Science for All is about involving K through 12 more in computer science. And this is just getting going but we talked specifically about digital literacy and how important it is for teachers, too, and maybe some extra teacher training during summer months, should they wish, would also help and how that could help with digital literacy in schools. And then the last thing is NSF just announced a new program called INCLUDES. Its goal is to increase the access to everyone and specifically women and underrepresented minorities, lower socioeconomic students, that do not presently have access to STEM fields including computer science. And we just put out a call. I sent a letter to every university chancellor, and college president in the country, asking them for innovative proposals of how to do this. How to reach out in broad partnerships with the community and really move the needle on participation in STEM. So I see opportunities for innovation, including digital literacy, in that program as well.    Dr. Cordova. Yes. We think this is a very important program and opportunity. I believe we have something like $20 million extra in our request for the Cybersecurity Scholarships for Service program. I think what we are going to be emphasizing is how we can provide education and training for a reserve corps of the folks that do get these scholarships so that they can be called upon for service to agencies, others that need cybersecurity specialists. So that is where our money is going to go, to what kind of a program can we develop for a reserve.    And as far as working with universities, I have had a number of university presidents in my office who have described new curriculum. They are already on board. More recently the President of Stanford, John Hennessy, was describing a new curriculum at Stanford, but several others as well, that is focused on cybersecurity for students. So I think the combination of us providing scholarships with just the desire on the part of students. We are experiencing, our advisory committee to computer science tells me, a tidal wave of students interested in computer science in general and cybersecurity of course is a really important part of that.    Dr. Cordova. Yes.    Dr. Cordova. OK. So the----    Dr. Cordova. The decadal surveys are not for each agency. Really they are subject matter surveys and they apply to all the agencies that are engaged in funding that subject matter. So if you take astronomy and astrophysics, so I am really familiar with this one since I am an astrophysicist, and I participated in past decadal surveys for that field.    So they would put on the table the priorities of the community, independent of whether they could or should be funded by NASA or NSF or NOAA, USGS.    Dr. Cordova. Then we look at those priorities, we say what best matches what our specific mission and our facilities are? So in astronomy and astrophysics the kind of rough way of saying it is we mainly do stuff on the ground, whereas NASA is mainly focused on space. There are collaborations, of course, with both. And so in the most recent astronomy survey the LSST was named as the number one priority in the decadal survey.    Dr. Cordova. That is the Large Survey Synoptic Telescope. NSF is funding that one. It is a ground based telescope. It is being constructed in Chile. And so that is an example. And there would be other recommendations for NASA and so forth.    Dr. Cordova. No, NASA has other inputs as well that will be focused on NASA missions and will be priorities specifically for space. There are places where we are funding things together. But they would be like NASA utilization: to support its space missions they would be using some telescopes on the ground.    I wanted to mention another example, which is the ocean sciences decadal survey. That is a survey that we just got the results from about a year ago January. And there were recommendations for balancing infrastructure with PI science, individual investigators and so on. And their recommendation was that, because we had previously had on the table maybe building three new research vessels, was to do two vessels so we could lower the infrastructure and operating costs and focus the rest of the budget on individual investigator science.    Dr. Cordova. Yes, it was sponsored by the National Academy. But when you say produced, we and other agencies fund the National Academies to do studies. OK? So that is the way it works.    Dr. Cordova. Well I do not know how NOAA does it. They will have these decadal----    Dr. Cordova. We do. In fact we have a committee that we co-chair, an infrastructure committee. It is called the Interagency Working Group for Facilities and Infrastructure that NSF and NOAA co-chair, I believe. And this sets out the priorities for using all scientific inputs for the academic research fleets, actually for the whole Federal research fleet. And they produce a report every three years and I believe one is almost ready for Congress. It is about to be released. And so that will talk about specific things for NOAA, specific items for NSF, and ONR, and so forth. But yes, there is a lot of collaboration. It is just that we need to appreciate that we have different missions.    Dr. Cordova. Yes.    Dr. Cordova. Yes.    Dr. Cordova. It is very collaborative and these working groups they have written a very elaborate report. So I think I would call it formal----    Dr. Cordova . In that sense.    Dr. Cordova. Right.    Dr. Cordova. Yes.    Dr. Cordova. Yes.    Dr. Cordova. Right.    Dr. Cordova. Right.    Dr. Cordova. Yes.    Dr. Cordova. Yes.    Dr. Cordova. Right.    Dr. Cordova. Yes.    Dr. Cordova. Yes.    Dr. Cordova. Yes.    Dr. Cordova. Yes.    Dr. Cordova. Yes.    Dr. Cordova. Sure. Well, I think you all know that the Social, Behavioral, and Economic Sciences Directorate is the smallest, lowest funded of our research directorates; representing under five percent of the total of NSF's research and related activities account.    But its significance, its importance, to all the other fields belies that fact because we think that almost every area of science is increasingly dependent on social sciences coming into the picture to help make decisions, evaluations, assessments, and optimization of very important decisions.    For example, in how technology is used. As technology becomes more complex, it is increasingly important to have a social science component. Not just how it is used, but why and what kind of decisions have to be made. Also in public health, including personalized medicine, there are social science questions about how people are going to adapt to this, and what kind of decisions people have to make.    There are questions in energy independence, questions in cyber security--another committee had a hearing on this recently and it was discussed that half of the problem in cyber security is a social science problem--how systems are made more secure, and we protect our privacy and all, depends on people. And so understanding this, and how human beings behave in context, is important to understanding how to make ourselves more secure.    You asked for some examples. In social science I think there is a famous example of auction of the wireless spectrum, which is now a $60 billion industry, and the FCC has really benefitted from algorithms that were developed by our social scientists that are applied to the auctioning now.    Another area where social science has really helped us is matching algorithms to support kidney and other organ exchanges. Our social scientists have strategies for assigning students to public schools in urban settings. Those are three examples that are very important social science contributions.    And I think that, for me, it is very interesting that in all of our new initiatives that we have put forward, whether it is in risks and preparations for earthquakes and disasters, or our food, water, energy, nexus programs, or understanding the brain, that social science plays an enormous role together with the other sciences in making progress in science in these fields.    And the final example for social and behavioral sciences is in measurement and data linkage and integration. The Department of Defense has said, in its operation relevance document, that the fusion of both hard and soft forms of data is critical. The ability to fuse intelligence data with social media, mass media, and behavioral survey data is critical to forming a more comprehensive situational awareness.    For the geosciences, it could not be more important to understand everything about our planet, including the oceans, which is so important to our economy. It is important to our understanding our climate, it is important to understanding life itself because we suspect that the origins of life may be in our oceans, and we study extremophiles, very unusual organisms that live on the bottom of the ocean floor that can tell us a lot about how life evolved.    We study, of course, geology, and rocks, and minerals, and earthquakes. I mean, the planet comprises so much from the bottoms of the ocean to the top of the atmosphere that just has so many mysteries that we do not understand. And we have a big emphasis, of course, on planetary science, NASA does as well, but in order to understand other moons and planets we have to understand our own planet a lot better. So for human viability as well as our understanding of our solar system and planets and beyond, we really need to understand the geosciences.    Dr. Cordova. Thank you. Yes, it is a problem in many areas of the country including Alabama, like the American Southwest with its droughts and all, and in many places of the world.    So we started with our SEES program, which dealt with those resources, food, water, and energy, separately and we learned from those that you really have to--and that program is winding down this year--we learned from that program--which has been funded the last several years--that we really have to think of food, water, and energy as a total system.    You know, of course, water can produce energy and it also can consume energy, and food uses energy and water. We now have, with our revolution and capability in computer sciences--specifically data analysis and computer simulation--the ability to put together a more holistic picture of how all these quantities are dependent on each other and what kind of trade-offs can be made.    So there will be basic research that is done under food, energy, water, and understanding these connections better. And there will also be a lot more attention to computer simulation and modeling, and more attention to how one optimizes the decisions one has to make. So let me give you a very specific example to put some concreteness to it.    I was at a university where we funded a decision center, and it is in a middle of an area that has a lot of water shortage problems, has a nuclear power plant to boot, close by which needs water for cooling, it is in a big agricultural area, and it has to worry about both the aquifer as well as ground water that comes from another state.    So it wants to produce food, it wants to use water for all these different purposes. Every county in the state has slightly different needs depending on whether it has a strong aquifer that can last for some time, or it is getting water from another state and having to pay for it. How do you put all that together to make a model to optimize the decisions that mayors and elected officials, county officials, have to make?    And so they have all come together. It is a partnership of the whole state with the university leading it in order to do computer modeling on when and what situations of drought or more water, rainfall and all, one would be using one resource versus another resource. That is just one example.    Dr. Cordova. Right. Well, there are several ways to do that. One is the scientists themselves are good at having workshops, and I attended one in D.C. not more than a month ago on food, energy, and water. And they have all these great scientific proposals that they are asking NSF and others to fund, and I think they will make a lot of progress.    And so then the next step in getting that information out is to make sure that we do a good job of disseminating results. And, frankly, you have hit on a very important point, Ms. Roby, a lot of what we learn, we learn as scientists and we share it with other scientists. But especially in this area, and also risk and resilience where we are trying to have people be safer when they have disasters and be more prepared and utilize those results, is really going to depend on more communication.    So I am hopeful that we will, through all the social media that is available to us, put a real emphasis on communicating our results in very clear ways so that the public can use it. In this field, you learn more all the time, the more research you do. But the results we do have, and what we are learning from it, need to be put out to the public more. So thank you for underscoring that.    Dr. Cordova. Now the nation does have strong agriculture schools, a lot of our universities do, and they are the best, historically, from the old land grant concept, at getting out words to farmers and all. This would be a very good avenue also through their engagement with communities. And I know Alabama does as well.    Dr. Cordova. Hello.    Dr. Cordova. All right. Yes. Thank you, Mr. Fattah. So you might know that NSF has doubled its investments in research on the brain from $71 million to $147 million between the years 2012 to 2016. And we think that on a percentage basis, that is very, very responsive when compared with others. Our current roadmap for understanding the brain extends to fiscal year 2017, and we are going to spend much of this year assessing the investments we have made to determine which ones yield the most impactful science.    And this gets back to Ms. Roby's question too, indirectly, at some point you have to evaluate and assess what you have done, gather people around that understanding, and decide what directions to go next. When I get to your women example and inclusion of women, I will use that as another example, but let me continue on the brain for a bit.    In fiscal year 2016, Congress added $3 million to our request budget to fund this effort that you described. And NSF has supported and attended several workshops to determine how the neuroscience community would envision and benefit from a collective approach. Through these activities, the six research directorates--that is all of our directorates--released a Dear Colleague Letter just recently in the last few days called a Phased Approach for Developing a National Research Infrastructure for Neuroscience. We will see what that call brings out. And this articulates a vision for an effort that is supported across all our disciplines.    So we have been successful in formulating a strategy, and there is strong convergence for this vision. We are excited to finish our analysis and let you know where we see the real strength and new directions. As we go towards new programs on the brain, we want to learn from what we have invested in the past few years.    And on women. We have had a program for some time that is called ADVANCE, which is specific funding to universities to increase the progress of women through academic science careers. It has been very, very successful. That is, women starting out as assistant professors and how do you give them the encouragement, the mentorship, the funding in order for them to be successful as scientists, engineers, and then end up as full professors and leaders. And we have many metrics we can share with you that--how successful that has been.    I think, in my mind, the most successful part of that has been insisting on institutional commitment, because once you get the whole institution engaged from the very top--and I, as president of Purdue University, was the PI on our ADVANCE grant--that sends a big message to the whole university that this is something that the leadership cares about.    So we translate that aspect of it to a new program that you alluded to called INCLUDES. And we just put out the Dear Colleague Letter on INCLUDES. Again, I sent a letter to all the presidents and chancellors of universities asking them to be the PIs to make this an institutional commitment, and its goal is increasing the number of women and underrepresented minorities, the disabled, all people who are not part of the current statistics about who is in the science and engineering workforce, through really innovative programs.    And the other thing that we have learned from past programs we have done on broadening participation, is how important partnerships are with the broader community. This cannot be something that is done in one department of one college of one university; it has to be something that is done in a regional sense using what they call collective impact: the whole community really cares about this and comes together, all the way from K through 12, the community colleges definitely.    And some university presidents, Mr. Fattah, have a real vision about how to embrace community college students in this. Because some of our very brightest, but let's say financially handicapped students, end up in community colleges because that is where the resources are, and they are close to home, and so we want to engage them in this. So you can see that I have some passion around this and I am really hoping for some innovation in this space to do things more differently than we have done in the past.    Dr. Cordova. Thank you.    Dr. Cordova. I would have to get back to you on that. I do not know what, in detail, what kind of infrastructure. I know that our engineering directorate is very involved in this together with our geosciences directorate. And so part of this is about identifying risk and part of it is how we can become more resilient.    I know our computer sciences directorate is also very involved and they are doing modeling on what we know and how to improve our knowledge ahead of time for disasters. And our social and behavioral sciences is telling us how people can adapt their behaviors to impending disasters, or ones that have already happened, in order to save lives. I know we fund drone-like things to go into disaster areas.    Dr. Cordova. But as far as other forms of infrastructure, I just don't know what that would be.    Dr. Cordova. Sure.    Dr. Cordova. Right. What I would surmise--and this goes back to the Chairman's comments about cooperation with other agencies, because this is certainly an area where a number of agencies are engaged--is that we do the basic research on understanding the phenomenon, and doing the modeling and the simulation, and we would translate that understanding to agencies that are more engaged in actually building things.    Dr. Cordova. And so that's what I would----    Dr. Cordova. And the evaluation of what kind of cement or asphalt to use, right?    Dr. Cordova. And we do fund centers on optimization of materials, on optimization of power and different power supplies, and so forth. But we do not actually make the things----    Dr. Cordova . And then others.    Dr. Cordova. Sure.    Dr. Cordova. Yes. Well, so I alluded earlier to an interagency working group on facilities and infrastructure for the ocean sciences. And we presently have something on the order of 30, or 30 and a few, vessels that are in the academic fleet, and that is not NSF alone, we just have a small portion of that, but everybody, agencies, academic institutions, and so on. That number is going to go down over the next decade or two--two decades, to about 18 vessels, so about half. So we start out about 35 and it is down to about 18.    The vessels that we have are very old and they are just falling apart, and some of them are sold off for other uses, and some of them are scrapped. And so this interagency group is always looking ahead, in the planning sense that the Chairman alluded to, with how do you plan for the next decade. What kind of vessels do we really need?    So we have come up with these smaller research vessels, which are very efficient, can do observations more quickly, scientific observations, and are less costly than other bigger ships that are not so nimble, and these will be able to do many, many deployments out into the ocean, and many different types of science.    We had a decadal review from the ocean sciences that said that we should build two of these in order to replace a number of research vessels. So that is in our 2017 budget is to get started with those two research vessels. They are more near-the-coastline-type vessels, and they will be deployed as needed around our coastline, because there's only two of them.    Dr. Cordova. Yes.    Dr. Cordova. Mr. Honda, we have a very vibrant computer and computing and information science and engineering directorate, and they have been supporting high performance computing and its evolution, incorporating newer technology and newer ways of handling software for a very long time.    We believe that--let me put it this way. When I look over NSF and what are the really new things, new contributions, that we can make to the nation, I think you hit on an area that is at the core of everything that we do, and it is going to make just a tremendous difference.    We already have, of course, with NSF Net, which followed ARPANET, made a transformation in taking something that was very localized for a specific group of people and making it available nationwide. NSF was a seminal part of the whole computer infrastructure revolution, and we have kept up with that kind of profile by funding really powerful supercomputers across the nation: Texas, like the one at UT Austin, Stampede, and the Blue Waters at the University of Illinois, and Comet in San Diego, all around the nation, Wyoming, and so forth, each of which has a different capability, a different way of functioning, and, therefore, different access by the scientific community, depending on what their scientific question, what their goal is.    And so these are very, very utilized--in fact, hard to keep up with the demand on these--that the real feature of these is that they incorporate the newest technology, the newest software platforms. They are always evolving because we have very, very smart people in the computer community that come together constantly and have new ways of making operations much more efficient. Presently under review are a couple of supercomputers and how to refurbish them and go to the next level. And so I think we are very much leading this field and being led by scientists in this.    And one of the other really encouraging things to see is that our facilities can be made better by advanced computing, and we have brought together--again with the science community's leadership--groups of people from very different fields to talk about how we can have platforms that are more common and that are shared in order to make our facilities, like NEON, LSST, the solar observatory, all the big facilities that we have, to make them function faster and more optimally and have access for the community.    As you know, big data is just getting more and more important, and it presents opportunities for discoveries in itself, and so we are right on that frontier. We just funded a half dozen big data centers across the country, and so that's another approach besides building the computers themselves is to have approaches to analyzing and extracting maximum information from all the big data that is being generated, by us and everybody else.    I think you can sense the excitement that we have for this. It is a very exciting frontier, and I have really challenged the computer directorate to come up with some big, bold ideas for the next decade that will be transformative in the architecture of the software that will be embraced to do big data faster and to be on top of the very latest developments in this. You know we can't use last century's architecture anymore, we have to really look everywhere for the latest developments.    Dr. Cordova. Yes, Mr. Chairman, we have done several things in the past year and a half or so. But let me start with the establishing language for the National Science Foundation, which is our mission. And that is a mission by definition, as we were established by Congress, to serve the national interest; so the language says ``to promote the progress of science; to advance the national health, prosperity, and welfare; to secure the national defense and for other purposes.'' So all NSF funded research and education must further the national interest by contributing to that mission, NSF's mission.    I have taken several steps to ensure that the national interest permeates NSF and our peer review process to make it more explicit. More than a year ago, I implemented a written policy for NSF staff. So this would be in what is a manual that our program officers use to ensure that every award includes, ``a non-technical description of the project, which explains the project's significance and importance.'' This description also serves as a public justification for NSF funding by articulating how the project serves the national interest, as stated by NSF's mission ``to promote the progress of science,'' and so on.    And in January, our public guidance was updated to conform with the established policy by requiring that, ``an NSF award abstract with its title is an NSF document that describes the project, and justifies the expenditure of Federal funds, by articulating how the project serves the national interest.'' So those words ``serve the national interest,'' are both in the policy for internal guidance to our program officers and in the external guidance to the community. In fact, I released what we call important notices to the community every so often, and one called Number 137, was to all the presidents of universities reminding them of just the language that I said.    In addition, we have made a number of changes. We are right on top of how the titles should be written and we have done statistics on how many titles have changed to make it clear that they serve the national interest; and the abstracts too. And let me give you just one statistic. This past year, our review showed that the titles of 24 percent of our proposals were changed in order to make them clearer, and many more, a fraction-wise, of the abstracts because we now have a new rule that an abstract has to have a non-technical paragraph as well as a technical paragraph.    And the non-technical paragraph addresses the justification that follows our solicitation requirements. I want to say, on the solicitation requirements--because it is very, very interesting with respect to the bill--that every solicitation says that the proposal will be judged on intellectual merit, so that is serving the progress of science--that is the scientific argument--and that it will be justified on the basis of broader impact. And we actually define in the solicitation what broader impact means.    We have ten things listed under broader impact; eight of those things are listed in the bill itself. So we are already including, in our language for the solicitation, all of those things in the bill, plus a couple more on education and the STEM workforce that are not included in the bill, as a justification. And so I think all those things, the guidance, the policy, the changes, the cooperation of all the staff, and the solicitation announcement itself, has all the elements that are in the bill.    Dr. Cordova. I can get back to you with more detail on the specific sub-awards. I know for the overall awards that we are about to do incurred costs audits and all.    Dr. Cordova. But I would like to get back to you on the specific sub-award question.    Dr. Cordova. Uh-huh. And you said very, very well, Mr. Honda, the importance of diversity. Big business has stepped up and said how important it is to our economic health to have a diverse work force. And, as you know, industry is very concerned about having more women in leadership positions, specifically.    And certainly in science, it is just tremendously important that we include the different approaches of people in order to do very innovative and new things, and not just be doing what we have been doing in the past.    So your question is about examples. We have--I mentioned already our food, energy, water initiative, which includes many directorates in it, and that has a big social science component in it for-- and as Ms. Roby was saying, how do you assess what you have learned? How do you get the information out? What do people do with the information? And is that enough? Is that enough to change things and to really optimize our use of these very precious resources and how they are interdependent?    I mentioned our initiative on risk and resilience, and how important it is to have social scientists assess--well, it is great to know a tornado is coming, and even something about its probable pathway and intensity, but if people do not know what they should do, and when they should do it, and how to respond afterwards, then lives can be lost. And many assessments have shown that, in the case of disasters, new knowledge is not necessarily saving lives, but it is new understanding of what to do with that knowledge that can save lives.    We have programs I have not mentioned. Programs like our BioMaPS program, which is an interdisciplinary opportunity between our biological directorate and our math and physical sciences--that is the MaPS part of it--to do projects in synthetic biology to understand materials better, especially to develop biologically inspired new materials, would be one example.    And there--I think social science also has a role to play, and I have seen it at universities, actually be a part of such collaborations to assess how can technology be used to benefit us rather than be used in ways that are potentially harmful. And students now at some universities are being required to take ethics courses so that they can help make those kind of decisions.    As I said earlier, I think social sciences is permeating the ways that we think about just about everything that is a grand challenge that has to do with people. And so I expect that it is going to become even more important to our portfolio in the future than it is now.    Dr. Cordova. Uh-huh. Well, as you know, the whole process of having opportunity for entities to propose for new management was because we didn't think things were headed in the right direction because of scheduling and cost overruns. And there were, of course, potential schedule and especially potential cost overruns. The schedule is related to cost, and it looked like the schedule was getting out of hand.    And so we had a very intensive process, and we selected a new management entity, Battelle. We have signed an initial agreement, an initial award, to them that was just put into place last Friday so they can assume management responsibility for the project. There will be a 90-day transition period where the final costs to construct and operate NEON will be negotiated between Battelle and the National Science Foundation.    And that has always been the plan--to get them on board as soon as possible because, in their proposal, they have new ideas about how to accelerate the scheduling and, thereby, it may not cost as much. So it is just essential to get them going as soon as possible, but we also have to give them the opportunity to really understand the full cost.    As far as the science is concerned, when we realized last spring/summer that we were facing a potential $80 million cost overrun, we asked the advisory committee to the biology directorate to stand up a task force, if you will, a subcommittee, under their aegis, of top scientists. I mean, these are National Academy standing scientists from around the country to come together and to look at what was proposed originally for NEON and what the budget constraints and all were now, and that we did not want to have a cost overrun, and considering that there was a de-scoping plan on the table, could they assess the de-scoped plan and let us know whether there was a lot of transformative science to be had with the de-scoped plan.    And so they did that. They did that on an amazingly short time scale, which just shows the power of the science community to come together and to quickly do such an important assessment. And they came back, and they said that absolutely that they thought that great science could be achieved with the proposed de-scoping from the number of sites that you mentioned, but no more de-scoping because we do have to preserve the original mission of NEON.    And so we think that by accelerating schedule and also--just to go back to the discussion about computers, and Mr. Honda's questions about how we were involving the best computational capabilities--we think by revolutionizing the computer approaches to this observatory as well, that we can also realize some efficiency in gains.    And so, you know, time will out: we will find out how well we have done, but we think that Battelle has produced an exceptional proposal in every aspect, including involving the science community. And we have very high hopes, and with our very close involvement--and believe me, I have weekly meetings with my senior staff on NEON--that this is an all-hands effort to make sure that this problem is resolved in short order of any potential overruns, and that this program delivers incredible value to the public.    Dr. Cordova. Yes. Yes, very good. So a number of changes have been made in the project management at NSF. We have a new program officer, and that person then reports to a project leader who has all the certifications, is very, very competent in project management. We have transferred the location of the oversight of the project from the main office of biology to the biological infrastructure division where it can be treated as any other project and real project management can be assumed.    I have to say, our large facility office has been splendid under the leadership of Matt Hawkins, and they have hired more people who are certified to help not only with NEON, but with all of our large facilities. We have not talked in this hearing about the NAPA report. As you know, the National Academy of Public Administration gave us a report of recommendations for improving our oversight and management of large facilities, and we have also had biweekly meetings on implementing that plan.    So we are going to, in some sense, adopt every recommendation. Maybe not to the letter, some will be complex and challenging, but we intend to--we have adopted their recommendations as a whole. And those really apply to NEON as well. So we have a lot of changes.    And the last thing I will say is that what I was most concerned with is oversight up to the level of the Director. I want to know what is going on. We are a de-centralized, for the most part, institution. So you can think of a university where the colleges have a lot of decentralization: we are a lot like that.    Through this effort, we are trying to more centralize the things that really affect the entire agency, like large facilities. And so you will see at the end of the day, not today, not tomorrow, but certainly in the next several months, because we have groups working outside, external groups, doing studies of what kind of oversight and internal management structure is optimum, to make sure that everyone knows what everyone else is doing, what's going on more broadly.    Dr. Cordova. A very important one.    Dr. Cordova. Right.    Dr. Cordova. Thank you for the discussion of this issue. NSF and NASA have put out recent statements about sexual harassment and how we view this, so that is on our website, and we take a very strong position as does NASA. And we do say what our expectations are, and then we say that in principle, if universities--you know, we don't make individual grants, we make the grant to the university and then they fund the person--but that if universities do not take this seriously, we have the option to withdraw their funding. So that is one step we have done.    And another step is that in every case that where NSF is the funder, that we are working, as we really always have, through our office of diversity and inclusion, and with the Department of Education, because they have a lot of jurisdiction in this matter. And, by the way, I mentioned that I talked with Secretary King yesterday, and this was an issue I also brought up to him. And I think you are going to see more interaction on this issue with Department of Education as well.    So we take these cases very seriously. As you know, there are privacy laws that are involved, so we have to, you know, be careful about what we say goes out there. But each case is taken on its own merits, or demerits, and we are making adjudications--as far as our role allows us--with the Department of Education on what we can do to show how serious we are to universities and other entities we fund.    And the last thing, I think this is very important, is that the National Science and Technology Council has a committee on science, which I cochair with Francis Collins at NIH and Jo Handelsman at OSTP. And we, at our March 31st meeting of this month, we will take this up as one of the main issues and I will lead the discussion, so that everyone knows how seriously we take this.    Dr. Cordova. Yes, of course. But I meant the role as far as what kind of punishments would be meted out, that sort of thing, but, of course, it is. And it has affected women tremendously.