    Mr. Mulvaney. I thank you, Mr. Chairman, and Ranking Member Moore, and I thank all of you gentlemen for being here. Dr. Ravallion, I actually thank you most especially. Unbeknownst to you, you are a part of an important friendly competition between myself and the chairman.    You will notice that he has stepped out. As a person who holds a degree in economics from your fine institution, I will inform you that the competition now between witnesses from Georgetown University versus witnesses from Texas A&M is dramatically in the Hoyas favor. But the chairman left before I had a chance to have some fun at his expense.    I want to try and draw some themes together. If I heard this correctly--and that is what I enjoy about these hearings is actually trying to find out information--Dr. Karlan, Dr. Ravallion, and Mr. Morris, I think what I heard was that there was a common theme. I heard Dr. Ravallion talk about public common good. Dr. Karlan talked about microfinancing.    And if I looked for a theme between those two things, it might be that those two things, in my mind, are things that the private sector might not be doing. Certainly, they are not doing it for the public goods. And they are doing it a little bit, I think, in micro. And then I think about Mr. Morris' arguments saying, well, we need to be doing more and more. But then he uses a quote from 1981.    Dr. Ravallion, I think, mentioned that one of the biggest changes in the last 30 years has been the globalization of the economy, and the fact that a lot of what the World Bank, especially, used to do is now done by the private sector.    So, I want to drill down for a few minutes on this concept of filling in the gaps where the private sector does not provide liquidity, credit.    Dr. Karlan, am I right on that? What is the private sector doing with microcredit, and could the World Bank be doing more in a more effective way?    Mr. Mulvaney. And for the benefit of--    Mr. Mulvaney. And for the folks who might not be familiar with the term ``public good,'' why won't the private sector do it?    Mr. Mulvaney. Thank you, Dr. Karlan. Dr. Ravallion, I want to come back to something you said, because you talked about knowledge, which I understood, and I understood perhaps the connection between a development bank, like the World Bank, getting involved in that. But then you went someplace I want to press you on a little bit; you talked about health. You talked about the Ebola crisis.    And, just without knowing the answer to the question, is the bank really the best vehicle for doing that? Wouldn't a health organization be best suited to do that, instead of a development bank?    I get it on knowledge. You sort of lost me at health, and I am just asking you to fill in the blanks.    Mr. Mulvaney. Give me an example of how the bank--what the bank could do to help build this public body of knowledge regarding health?    Mr. Mulvaney. Super. Gentlemen, thank you very much. I appreciate the input and I thank the chairman for the time.