    Mr. Ozment. Thank you, Chairman Ratcliffe, Ranking Member Richmond, and Chairman McCaul, Members of the committee. I appreciate the opportunity to appear before you today.    Like you, my fellow panelists, and countless Americans, I am deeply concerned about the recent compromise at OPM, and I am dedicated to ensuring that we take all necessary steps to protect our Federal workforce and to drive forward the cybersecurity of the entire Federal Government.    As a result, I want to focus these remarks on how DHS is accelerating our efforts to protect Federal agencies and help Federal agencies better protect themselves.    To begin, it is important to note that we are now making up for 20 years of underinvestment in cybersecurity across both the public and the private sector. At the same time, we are facing a major challenge in protecting our most sensitive information against sophisticated, well-resourced, and persistent adversaries. This is a complex problem without a simple solution.    To effectively address this challenge, our Federal agencies need to deploy defense-in-depth. Consider protecting a Government facility. Adequate security is not only a fence or a camera or locking the doors of a building, but a combination of these measures and others that, in aggregate, make it difficult for an adversary to gain physical access. Cybersecurity also requires multiple layers of security measures. No one measure is sufficient.    Under legislation passed by this Congress last year, Federal agencies are responsible for their own cybersecurity. To assist them, DHS provides a common baseline of cybersecurity across the civilian government.    It helps agencies manage their cyber risk through four key lines of effort:    First, we protect agencies by providing a common set of capabilities through the EINSTEIN and Continuous Diagnostics and Mitigation, or CDM, programs.    Second, we measure and motivate agencies to implement best practices.    Third, we serve as a hub for information sharing.    Finally, we provided incident response assistance when agencies suffer a cyber intrusion.    In my statement this morning, I will focus on the first area, how DHS provides a baseline of security through EINSTEIN and CDM. I have described the other three areas in my written statement, and I am happy to take your questions on them. Our first line of defense against cyber threats is the EINSTEIN system, which protects agencies at their perimeters.    Returning to the analogy of a Government facility that I mentioned earlier, EINSTEIN 1 is similar to a camera at the road onto the facility that records all traffic and identifies anomalies in the numbers of cars. EINSTEIN 2 adds the ability to detect suspicious cars based upon a watch list. EINSTEIN 2 does not stop the cars, but sounds the alarm if a suspicious car enters the facility.    Agencies report that EINSTEIN 1 and 2 are screening over 90 percent of all Federal civilian traffic. EINSTEIN 1 and 2 played a key role in identifying the recent compromise at the Department of Interior.    The latest phase of the program, known as EINSTEIN 3A, is akin to a guard post at the highway that leads to multiple Government facilities. EINSTEIN 3A uses Classified information to look at the cars and compare them with a watch list. EINSTEIN 3A then actively blocks prohibited cars from entering the facility.    As the Chairman noted, we are accelerating our efforts to protect all civilian agencies with EINSTEIN 3A. The system currently protects 15 Federal civilian agencies with over 930,000 Federal personnel, or approximately 45 percent of the civilian government, with at least one security countermeasure.    We have added EINSTEIN 3A protections to over 20 percent of the Federal civilian government in the last 9 months alone. During this time, EINSTEIN 3A has blocked nearly 550,000 attempts to access potentially malicious websites.    EINSTEIN 3A is a signature-based system. It can only block attacks that it knows about. This is necessary, but not sufficient, for protecting the civilian government. We are also working on adding other technology to the EINSTEIN 3A platform that can block attacks that we have not previously seen.    As we accelerate EINSTEIN deployment, we also recognize that security cannot be achieved through only one type of tool. EINSTEIN is not a silver bullet, and it will never be able to block every threat. For example, it must be complemented with tools to monitor the inside of agency networks.    Our CDM, Continuous Diagnostics and Mitigation Program, helps address this challenge. We have purchased CDM Phase 1 capabilities for 8 agencies covering over 50 percent of the Federal civilian government, and we expect to purchase CDM for 97 percent of the Federal civilian government by the end of this fiscal year.    Now, there's a caveat. The deadlines that I've just given you are when DHS will provide a capability. It takes a few additional months for each agency to fully implement both EINSTEIN and CDM once the services are available. Of course, agencies must supplement EINSTEIN and CDM with additional tools appropriate to the needs of the agency.    I want to thank you again for the legislation Congress passed in December 2014. As you know, additional legislation is needed. This committee and the House have passed a bill authorizing EINSTEIN and establishing DHS as the portal for liability-protected information-sharing between the private sector and the Government. We need information sharing and EINSTEIN authorization legislation passed.    I'd like to conclude by noting that Federal agencies are a rich target and will continue to experience frequent attempted intrusions. As our detection methods improve, we will detect more incidents, incidents that are already occurring, we just didn't know it yet.    The recent breach at OPM is emblematic of this trend, as OPM was able to detect the intrusion by implementing best practices recommended by DHS. We are accelerating the deployment of the tools we have, and we are bringing cutting-edge capabilities on-line. We are asking our partner agencies and Congress to take action and work with us to strengthen the cybersecurity of our Federal agencies.    Thank you again for the opportunity to appear before you today. I look toward to any questions.    Mr. Ozment. Mr. Chairman, I will defer to OPM to speak to the specifics of their decision making, but I can talk to you about some of the tradeoffs that CIOs, in general, face with legacy systems.    As I mentioned in my opening remarks, looking across the public and private sector, broadly I would say that, for the last 20 years, both Government and industry have underinvested in cybersecurity. So, frankly, there is a backlog of cybersecurity work that needs to be done. That requires significant investment.    If an organization also has legacy systems that require investment to upgrade to more modern systems, the bill and resources required to do that can be extraordinary.    So all CIOs are faced with extreme demands for a capability that they have to balance with the need to manage risks appropriately and, of course, in a world of limited resources.    Speaking specifically to encryption, I would note that, in the case of this particular intrusion at OPM, the adversary compromised what is known as an administrative credential.    Think about this as a computer network being an apartment building where each user has a key to their own apartment, but there's a superintendent who has keys to all the apartments in the building. The adversary compromised, essentially copied, the superintendent's key ring and, therefore, had legitimate access to the information on the network.    Mr. Ozment. As both Mr. Wilshusen and I mentioned in our opening remarks, you need defense-in-depth. You need multiple layers of security. Both encryption and multi-factor authentication are important layers of security.    You cannot confidently say that you can prevent any given intrusion, but the more layers of security you have, the more difficult you make it for an adversary.    I do believe that multi-factor authentication is an important security technique, and that is one reason why OMB, for example, is highlighting that in their 30-day sprint.    Mr. Ozment. I don't know that I can say the breach could have been prevented. I think some of the damage could have been mitigated. In fact, some of the damage was mitigated when OPM rolled out multi-factor authentication in January 2015.    Mr. Ozment. That's right. So you can employ what is generally known as insider threat detection technology.    Mr. Ozment. I do not know for sure whether those were employed at OPM or not.    Mr. Ozment. But insider threat technology will stop either a legitimate user who is behaving illegitimately or a legitimate user whose accounts have been compromised. It is not perfect, and you often have false positives that you have to investigate. But, again, it is a useful layer of security to add.    Mr. Ozment. My organization within the Department of Homeland Security has an annual budget for fiscal year 2016 of approximately $900 million. Some of that budget goes to emergency communications, essentially ensuring that the phone lines work in the case of a crisis, which, depending on your definition of cybersecurity, could be included or not included.    Mr. Ozment. From my perspective, sir, I think we are going to have to continue to invest for two reasons. One is that we are catching up on many years of underinvestment. The second one is this is risk management. It is not risk elimination.    So the adversaries are not going to go away in cyber space. As we improve our defenses, they will improve their offense. So we will have to continue to invest to maintain pace with an adversary who is also investing.    Mr. Ozment. Thank you.    You will find that our budget requests for cybersecurity in the Department have been growing steadily over the years, and I would not be surprised for them to continue to grow.    You put your finger on an important challenge, which is that we have a responsibility both to the private sector, to the Federal civilian government, and, also, to our State, local, Tribal, and territorial government colleagues.    The good news is, as we improve our Federal cybersecurity, we learn things that will also help us support our private sector and State, local, Tribal, and territorial colleagues. This is where cyber information sharing becomes so important.    When we use the EINSTEIN or CDM programs and detect a threat and learn about a new threat, with the information-sharing legislation, we'll be able to share that information outward.    At the same time, when an adversary attacks a private-sector network and they share that information with the Government, if we're able to receive it, we can then use that information to protect Government networks.    So there's absolutely a synergy between our work in the private sector and our work in the Government. The crux of that synergy is taking information that one entity learns and sharing it with the Government or vice versa.    Mr. Ozment. Yes, sir, it did. I can go into more detail if you'd like.    Mr. Ozment. So, in this instance, first, OPM and the Department of Interior are not covered by EINSTEIN 3 yet, which is the system that blocks intrusions. We are working with the Department of Interior to roll that out aggressively. It just became available to them this winter.    It is not yet available to the OPM because we have not yet completed the work with that internet service provider who services OPM.    Now, what happened in this incident is OPM rolled out security capabilities in accordance with a mitigation plan we provided them in May 2014. As they rolled out those capabilities, they caught an intruder on their networks and they shared the cyber threat indicators with us.    We took those cyber threat indicators and put them into the EINSTEIN system. With EINSTEIN 2, we looked back in time and saw that the Department of Interior had also suffered an intrusion, as evidenced by these threat indicators.    We then used EINSTEIN 1 to help us pinpoint what was exfiltrated and from which computers at the Department of Interior. In this case, it turned out to be OPM data that was being stored at a data center at the Department of Interior. That is the 4.2 million personnel records that you read about in the media.    So the trick with EINSTEIN is, as it currently is built, it has to know about a threat before it can detect or block it. This is what it was designed to do. It is a necessary tool. It is not a sufficient tool.    So even as we finish rolling out EINSTEIN across the breadth of the Government, we are also focused on the depth of capability that it offers. One layer of depth that we need to provide is a layer that will help us detect and block intrusions that we have not previously seen.    That gets riskier because you have false positives when you are doing that. That means that we will block legitimate traffic. That could be a problem, but that is a risk we will have to take.    Mr. Ozment. Representative, that is an accurate assessment of the situation.    EINSTEIN goes around the entire Federal civilian government. At that distance from an individual agency, it's not possible to identify ``This is good traffic only, and we'll only let in the known good traffic.''    Because departments and agencies conduct such wildly different business, it's not possible to identify ``This is what is appropriate and acceptable and only let this happen.'' Even within a single department in an agency that is probably not possible.    There may be parts within the department or agency, smaller systems or organizations, that have a limited remit that would be able to say ``This is all that we do. And, therefore, we only accept this type of traffic or communications from these computers'' or something of that nature.    Mr. Ozment. Encryption is absolutely a best practice that agencies should follow, although I would highlight that you always have a limited cybersecurity budget. Let's say its $100. There's always $200 of layers of security you could buy.    So you look at a particular system and look at what's the best value. You select the layers that provide the best value based on the needs of that system.    Mr. Ozment. So Federal Network Resilience is part of my organization that manages, in part, the annual FISMA reporting.    So prior to the March 2014 breach, we collect data that agencies report on their cybersecurity, and we use that data with OMB to construct the annual FISMA report and, also, to hold cyber stat sessions, sessions where we bring agencies to the White House and essentially go through their cybersecurity posture and work with them to address any challenges.    Mr. Ozment. I will have to come back to you on the date of our last cyber stat with OPM. We have had one, but I don't recall the date of the cyber stat surrounding the March 2014.    Mr. Ozment. I'm going to have to defer to the intelligence community any questions about which actor in specific and even, to a degree, the specifics about the relationships between incidents.    What I will absolutely say is there are clearly relationships between the Government incidents, including the two that we are talking about today, and other recent incidents targeting the PII, the personally identifiable information, of Government employees.    Mr. Ozment. So I would actually echo the points that Mr. Wilshusen made. I would flag that it's, in part, the complexity of software----    Mr. Ozment. No problem.    I would flag that it's the complexity of software, which means that, even as we build it, it's insecure. Even if we could build individual pieces of software securely, we, as a Nation, don't know how to compose those into larger systems that are themselves secure. This is a place where both the Government and the private sector are.    We're in a world right now where we rely upon information technology. We're not able to manage securely the complexity of that technology, but neither can we back away from that technology. So we are in a world where we will have to manage the risks, but we will not be able to prevent intrusions.    Mr. Ozment. I agree with Mr. Wilshusen. So I won't belabor the first two points.    I'll add to the final point that there is a constant tension between centralization and decentralization in IT and, also, between homogeneity and heterogeneity in the sense of do you have a few systems of the same type or systems of very different types.    It really depends on what you're trying to accomplish in the broader environment. So I don't think there's a right answer there. I think we should absolutely, however, consider that question when we design our networks.    Mr. Ozment. I think, Mr. Langevin, Mr. Perry represents--you get to the crux of the matter, which is we have the formal authority to compel. We do not have a stick to enforce that compulsory order.    That being said, I don't know that it's possible for one department to be given that sort of compulsory ability with some sort of budgetary authority over another department, the way our overarching system is structured. So in the sense of our ability to issue compulsory orders, I think we do have that existing authority.    I would highlight the two areas where we absolutely are lacking in necessary authorities right now are authorizing legislation for the EINSTEIN program, which this committee sponsored and passed and the House has passed, and, also, the information-sharing legislation, again, which this committee sponsored and the House has passed.