    Mr. Palmer. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Got a couple of questions then I want to make some comments. It has been mentioned how well the economy has been doing. I would just like to point out that under this administration the economy will have averaged 1.55 percent growth through two terms and it will be the first administration, I believe, in the history of the United States which there was never even one quarter in which the economy grew at least three percent. One out of every six working age males are unemployed. And in terms of the unemployment rate, I do not think they count people who simply quit looking for work. And we could go on.    Mr. Spriggs mentioned infrastructure. We passed an $860-something billion stimulus bill back early in the first term of this administration. And various reports have indicated just over 3 percent of that actually went to infrastructure when it was supposed to be shovel-ready jobs. So we had an opportunity to do something about infrastructure but chose to spend the money elsewhere. So, I take some exception to that. And then we were talking about Head Start.    The government's own studies indicated that Head Start, by the time kids reach the fourth grade show no impact. And regard overall to education, one of the issues, Dr. Lindsay, that I have with what is going on in higher education is the amount of money that States and parents and students are having to spend on remedial education. I think it is about 30 percent of the students who enter college today are having to take remedial courses and that is basically taking a high school course but paying for it at college cost. You want to comment on that?    Mr. Palmer. In my district we have a couple, two or three centers, technology-related, vocational related for high school students in Blount County in particular. You have got young people graduating from high school that know how to weld and their first jobs are earning $50,000 to $60,000 a year. And the thing that I have tried to emphasize is that those students can go into those jobs but they could still go to a 2 year college or they could go to college later. It gives them a chance to earn money and save up, pay for their education. Because, as I found out, the more mature you are the better student you become. But these are people that are starting businesses.    Mr. Palmer. Well, we need more lawyers.    Mr. Palmer. Well, I am the first person in my family on either side to do to college. My dad was a logger. He had about an eighth grade education. That is what I spent my summers doing and it was a lot of motivation to go to college. Dr. Smith, quickly, opting out of government funding with health care has greatly improved your practice and pricing structure. You mentioned the electronic medical records coding, reporting mandates combined with low and formulistic pricing that had a distorting effect on healthcare markets and access to care and certain specialists. Can you speak to that? And I would like for you also to speak to ICD10 and the prospects of ICD11.