    Mr. Engel. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Secretary, welcome back. We are fortunate to have you as our top diplomat as we face so many challenges around the world. Whether it is violent extremism or nuclear proliferation, health epidemics or climate change, these are challenges that threaten our security and values, and that demands robust investment in international affairs. That is why the President has put forward a strong international affairs budget, and that is why his proposal deserves the support of Congress.    The President's budget would end sequestration, something long overdue, including a 7.7 percent increase in international affairs spending. Why is this increase so important? The Kaiser Family Foundation reported recently that many Americans believe we spend much more on foreign assistance than we actually do.    Here are the facts: International affairs totals just over 1 percent of our Federal budget, and foreign aid accounts for less than 1 percent. With that narrow sliver of the pie, we are keeping Americans safe, strengthening ties around the world, and promoting American leadership abroad.    We are getting a pretty good bang for our buck. Still, we can always be more effective, more efficient, and more focused. And I would like to mention a few of my questions and concerns.    Let me start with institutional and bureaucratic challenges of the State Department. We need a Department that can adapt to evolving foreign policy and national security issues. We need diplomats equipped to deal with constantly changing demands.    Are we recruiting the best talent? Do our diplomats have the tools and training they need to do their jobs right? I am curious about how the Department will implement the forthcoming recommendations of the Quadrennial Diplomacy and Development Review.    On our response to the Ebola outbreak, Mr. Secretary, I want to applaud you, the State Department, USAID, and the thousands of heroic Americans who have played such an important role. This crisis has required tremendous resources, and our strategy is working. The situation in West Africa continues to improve, but we must remain vigilant until this scourge has been eliminated.    This crisis underscores the need for global health funding. Preventing future epidemics requires investment in research, infrastructure, and personnel. So I am disappointed by proposed cuts to global health programs dealing with tuberculosis, neglected tropical diseases, and other dangerous illnesses. I would like to find a way to avoid these cuts and keep giving these programs the resources they need.    Turning to Ukraine, I have serious doubts that the Minsk agreement will end this crisis. We have taken a handful of incremental steps, but they have not been enough to get ahead of the crisis or deter further Russian aggression. The United States has a major interest in Europe's stability and security. Decades of American investment is on the line. I know dealing with the Kremlin is delicate, but we must not allow Ukraine to lose more territory or to fail economically.    In the Middle East, more than 11 million people have been driven from their homes in Syria and more than 200,000 have been killed. This crisis has spilled across borders. It has created large-scale vulnerability to sexual assault, child marriage, hunger, and other kinds of abuse and exploitation. The budget prioritizes this humanitarian disaster, but much more needs to be done by both the United States and regional partners.    This crisis has been fueled by political instability in Iraq and Syria. The new Iraqi Prime Minister has taken some steps to make Iraq's political system more inclusive, but we remain far from the point at which Sunnis, Shia, and Kurds feel like they have a stake in Iraq's future.    The way forward in Syria is even less clear, but we know one thing for certain. That country's future should not include Assad. As you have said, Mr. Secretary, he is a one-man super magnet for terrorism. So while we are going after ISIS or the Islamic state, we should not forget that Assad must go. He cannot be part of a Syria for the future.    On that note, I welcome the President's decision to send Congress a request for a new authorization to use military force, AUMF, against ISIS. The President's proposal is a reasonable starting point, and this committee will continue our efforts to review the language and the overall strategy to defeat ISIS. I look forward to working with you and my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to make sure we get this right.    Briefly, on Iran, I have said many times that my preference is a negotiated solution to the Iranian nuclear crisis. However, we are hearing troubling reports on the scale and duration of the program, that Iran may be allowed as part of a deal. As you have said many times, Mr. Secretary, no deal is better than a bad deal. And so we must ensure that Iran has no pathway to a nuclear weapon, and that's any deal we sign is a good deal.    And, finally, I want to commend the proposed $1.1 billion in funding to address root causes of child migration from Central America. We need to ensure that these resources are targeted toward the most vulnerable communities that the children are coming from across this sub-region.    And, finally, getting back to Europe and Ukraine and Russia, I really believe that NATO hangs in the balance. I think, if Putin continues to push Ukraine around and threaten other countries and NATO is not a sufficient deterrent, we are sort of sending the word to Putin that we are really a paper tiger.    So I wish you would talk about that a little bit because I really do believe the future of NATO hangs in the balance. Four countries give 2 percent of their budget to defense as is required, and that is very, very troubling in terms of NATO.    So I thank you, Mr. Chairman, and I look forward to the Secretary's testimony.    Mr. Engel. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And, again, welcome, Mr. Secretary.    Mr. Secretary, I mentioned to you just before the hearing began my concern about a report that was in yesterday's New York Times that says, ``Negotiators weigh plan to phase out nuclear limits on Iran.''    And, essentially, it is saying that we would possibly accept a fudging, so to speak, of how many years Iran would be prohibited from these various moves to have a nuclear weapon, whether it would be 10 years, 15 years, so on and so forth.    But it essentially would ease limits on Iran's production during the later years of an accord and saying that, by doing that, it would be an attempt to bridge the differences between the two sides over how long an agreement should last.    Can you talk about this. Because it is very disturbing. Obviously, I believe and others believe and I know you believe that the longest amount of time preventing Iran from gearing up to have a nuclear weapon is preferable. And if we are sort of fudging it, if those reports are true, at the end, it is very concerning.    You know, no one here, certainly not you, needs to be told about the threat of Iran and that Iran having a nuclear weapon would be a game-changer. We need to support our ally Israel. Iran is an existential threat to them.    And so, when I hear that the end portion of this agreement is sort of nebulous or we are going to be a little cloudy about it, it is very disturbing. So I would like your response to the report in the New York Times.    Mr. Engel. Mr. Secretary, I want to ask you a final question about Ukraine. I believe that the United States should provide Ukraine with defensive weapons. I know that Germany and France have resisted it. I really think that whathas happened with Ukraine--under the 1994, as you well know, Budapest Memorandum, Ukraine gave up their nuclear weapons with assurances from the U.S., the U.K., China, and Russia that they would be protected.    We haven't, in my opinion, lived up to the 1994 Budapest Memorandum at all. And, as I said in my opening remark, I think that the credibility of NATO is hanging in the balance with Putin bullying all the countries around Ukraine.    I am wondering if you could--you can comment on the defensive weapons to Ukraine to help them repel Putin's aggression.