    Mr. Cook. Thank you, Madam Chairman.    Many of the questions or comments are things that I was going to address, and I just want to follow through on that. I think Mr. Higgins made some great comments about that. I think we are all concerned because of the size of the nuclear weapons and everything else, and there is a part of me that wants to say, you know, in all fairness, Pakistan has been a great ally of ours, particularly from the military standpoint, and we never would have gotten that equipment out of Iraq because there was only one way to go, and that was through Pakistan. We kind of overlooked that, and, of course, I still think the only country that is going to control Afghanistan's destiny is Pakistan. Whether you hate them, like them or not, that to me--and I see you are shaking your head, and you agree with that--all those things considered, I am going to throw something which really, really scares me. And there has been talk that in light of the Iranian deal and the nuclear weapons in a Persian country, in a Shiite country, in your opinion, is there any possibility that Pakistan would not just give the technology but actually sell nuclear weapons to the Sunni states with money--particularly, and I won't name them, but I think we all know who they are--that this proliferation would start on a scale that would just change the whole calculus of the region?    Mr. Cook. Thank you.    Switching gears a little bit, just like everybody on this committee, I am afraid that there is one agency in Pakistan that I think the vast majority of us are afraid of, and that is because of their past history, and that is ISI, and their corruption, their agenda, and everything else, and more than that, the amount of influence that they have on the Pakistani Government in terms of intrigue--I can go on and on and on--but just in terms of certain decisions. Can you give me any warm and fuzzy feeling about an organization I think most of us are very, very nervous about? I am from San Bernardino. I am worried about the madrassas again. One of the terrorists came from there. And I just--that more than anything else in terms of one of the power factors in Pakistan, I am very, very, very nervous and cynical about. Thank you.    Mr. Cook. Thank you very much. I know they are going to cut me off, but thank you for answering my questions.