    Mr. Bridenstine. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Every day I am in Congress I am surprised, most recently by Mr. Garamendi, my good friend from California, who I have high regard for, who I think is a great thinker, although we might not always agree, if very often at all. I don't know.    But you know, his declaratory policy of if you use a nuclear weapon you are history, it is very Reaganesque and I am impressed by that. And I would--I say that very complimentary.    What I would like to discuss are some of the things that we have in common. The ranking member mentioned that the command and control element seemed to be an issue where there is a lot of commonality, which is very important for us because where there is commonality we can start looking at budgets, at policy, at programs that we can put together.    And when you look at the command and control, it seems like everybody is in agreement that we need resiliency, that we need survivability.    You know, we have, you know, a space-based architecture for command and control that would be survivable and resilient. There is an AOA that has been in the Pentagon now for a long time. We have been trying to get that from the Pentagon. It has been very difficult getting it.    But I wanted to draw on a statement from Mr. Colby. You recommend that the United States develop, quote--``more resilient space assets, more terrestrial and air-breathing platforms for C4ISR and more modular and disaggregated architecture.''    I think I would agree with all of that assessment. Can you describe specific investments you would support? And do we need a layered architecture to back up the current system?    Mr. Bridenstine. Well, thank you.    Dr. Blechman, one of the things I am interested in that you recommended is that the United States develop low-cost space-launch capabilities to help with reconstitution. Can you describe how this committee might be helpful in those low-cost, what are the investments that might be necessary to get low-cost, space-launch capabilities?    Mr. Bridenstine. So in my last minute, I have a provocative question that might make my colleague from California upset with me.    Mr. Bridenstine. The Comprehensive Test-Ban Treaty is something that Secretary Kerry has been pushing for the Senate to ratify historically. And I think there are very challenging implications if we were to go that direction.    And I was wondering if I could hear from Mr. Colby, Dr. Murdock, and Dr. Payne. I have got 30 seconds remaining, so maybe I can take that for the record.    But Dr. Murdock, would you be willing to take that question? The implications if we go forward with a Comprehensive Test-Ban Treaty, and instead of testing we rely on, I guess, computer models?