    Mr. Doyle. I want to thank my friend for yielding time. I also want to thank Congressman Rothfus from my home state for appearing before our committee today and for his work on this important issue. I have seen these coal refuse piles first hand and I have witnessed significant benefit processing waste coal can provide to these sites.    Our State, Pennsylvania, is home to nearly three-quarters of the active coal refuse power plants in the country. There are more than 5,000 coal refuse sites that cover approximately 184,000 acres throughout our state and pose a significant threat to local habitats and communities.    As many of you on this committee know, I'm an all-of-the-above guy when it comes to our energy portfolio and coal refuse power plants provide an additional benefit in that they improve the local environment. I think they are an important part of Pennsylvania's power system and help ensure we are good stewards of our land and water. This bill would certainly help ensure their continued use in years to come. I would note to my colleagues that this bill is also significantly improved from previous versions.    Cleaning up these waste coal piles is a major priority for our state and we need to figure this difficult problem out. However, I also want to ensure that we are protecting our air, not playing favorites when it comes to picking power sources and preserving important regulations in the regulatory process.    I still have some remaining concerns on aspects of these bills. But I want to thank Congressman Rothfus for highlighting the importance of this pressing issue for Pennsylvania that is before our committee today, and I yield back.    Mr. Doyle. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I just want to maybe just go a little further with that, Mr. Brisini.    You acknowledged that some of these coal refuse plants that burn bituminous coal--even some that burn bituminous coal are able to meet MATS and CSAPR and they have not asked for an extension to comply with the regs. You imply in your testimony that is so because they are burning low sulfur bituminous coal refuse. Are there any other distinguishing features at these plants that are able to comply? Are there any technologies that other plants could adopt to mitigate the release of these pollutants and comply with the standards?    Mr. Doyle. So you are saying that there are no new technologies that are available that would allow them to comply?    Mr. Doyle. Couldn't some of these plants add another type of fuel or make the waste coal their secondary fuel source so that it reduces the sulfur or HCL and helps them comply with the standards?    Is there an alternative way to deal with this?    Mr. Doyle. OK. Thank you. I want to ask Mr. Walke, too.    Mr. Walke, I understand and appreciate your concern that states maintain their rights under the Clean Air Act. But you know, in my state, particularly in Pennsylvania, many elected officials strongly value these coal refuse plants on both sides of the aisle, I might add, and our own DEP, Pennsylvania's Department of DEP, submitted official comments to the EPA urging special consideration of the coal refuse-fired facilities under CSAPR. In their comments they explain the importance of these facilities to restoring the environment and preventing acid mine drainage. They ultimately concluded that constructing a rule that results in the closure of these facilities will have significant impacts on my state's ability to restore these mine-affected areas to benefit our state and our downstream neighbors.    What do you recommend the Pennsylvania DEP should do, going forward?    Mr. Doyle. So they would have to submit a new SIP. Is that what you are saying?    Mr. Doyle. It sounded that way when you said it.    Mr. Doyle. So that gets them though CSAPR but how does that get them to comply with MATS?    Mr. Doyle. Mr. Chairman, thank you for your indulgence.