    Ms. Bonamici. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman. Thank you all for your testimony.    Mr. Becker, you said in your testimony you emphasize that voters should feel confident in our voting system, and we certainly have heard a lot of messages about the importance of that confidence here today and how it will lead to greater participation, and certainly that's good for democracy. I think just getting the information out to the public that the voting machines themselves are not connected to the Internet is going to help. I think there's a misconception about that.    Well, I'm from Oregon, and we all vote by mail in Oregon. We've done that for more than a decade. It's a very secure process. It also makes it very easy for Oregonians to vote. The Secretary of State's office mails paper ballots to each and every registered voter a couple of weeks before the election, along with a voter's pamphlet with all the information about the candidates and the initiatives on the ballot so Oregonians have plenty of time to not only study the issues but then fill out their ballots and get them back in to be tallied by the local election offices.    And there are privacy and security measures at each step of the way. I was a trained election observer years ago and it gave me a lot of confidence to see each step of the way and to watch that tally happen at the elections office.    So I wanted to ask you a little bit about are there lessons to be learned from a State like Oregon that does use vote by mail with a paper ballot for everyone and really with a focus on the two different issues, there's the voter records and then there are actually what happens at the--with the ballot and the tally, the voting machine, if you want to talk a little bit about the lessons that can be learned from that system.    And then I also want to ask, Dr. Romine, I know NIST has mostly concentrated its work to date in standards development for the actual voting machines, but you're now, I understand, working to identify systems dealing with the voter registration systems. So--and just before you respond, both of you--I know Dr. Wallach mentioned something about the possibility of this selective disenfranchising of voters by deleting them from the database. It's really easy in Oregon for anybody to check whether they're still in the database, and getting the ballot early means that there would be an early notice that, well, maybe there was a problem assuming that somebody did get through a very secure system.    So, Mr. Becker, do you want to start and then Dr. Romine?    Ms. Bonamici. But just to--I don't mean to interrupt, but just to clarify, in Oregon if somebody wants to go vote at elections--at the elections office on elections day, they can do that. They can stand in the booth there and vote. Anybody can do that.    Ms. Bonamici. Most people don't because it's much easier to mail it.    Ms. Bonamici. Thank you. And, Dr. Romine, if you could briefly tell us what NIST is doing with regard to the actual voting machines now.    Ms. Bonamici. Thank you. I see my time is expired. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.