    Mr. King. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I appreciate this hearing, and I appreciate the witnesses. It raises my curiosity, Ms. Trujillo, when you talked about some of the aid being siphoned off in Africa, and I would ask if you could flesh that out a little bit more on which countries, and how that actually happened?    Mr. King. And what country?    Mr. King. Just----    Mr. King. That is fine. If you could get back to us after the hearing, that would be fine.    Mr. King. I wanted to also ask you about the coordination of food aid to those who are receiving anti-retroviral drugs. Can you talk a little bit about that kind of coordination, just for the benefit of the Committee, in case we haven't come across that, that those drugs are not particularly effective unless there is high protein food also that goes along with them. And if we ensure that the people that are taking anti-retroviral drugs also have access, especially to high protein food, then the drugs are effective. If they are not, the drugs aren't effective.    What about the level of coordination so that we are ensuring that high protein nutrition is available to the people that are also receiving medication that are HIV positive?    Mr. King. Is----    Mr. King. Yes.    Ms. Trujillo.--the level of coordination.    Mr. King. You are talking about a report that is written, or one that will be written?    Mr. King. Yes.    Ms. Trujillo.--for the purposes of determining if USAID is achieving its intended results. For example, I spoke to a situation in Haiti where we identified that a consortium of implementers were using inconsistent distribution practices, and we noted a population of mothers with infants who should have been getting more nutritional assistance, more nutritional help, but they were overlooked because of these inconsistent practices.    Mr. King. Could you explain what an inconsistent distribution practice is when you use that vernacular?    Mr. King. Sometimes someone will come up with a very good idea and make it more efficient----    Mr. King. Yes. I am also interested: is there essentially a holistic view of this, particularly in Africa, where, if they had irrigation water, they have soil that would produce. Are you aware that there is any effort putting together a package that could eventually transition us out of this food aid and into the support for ag production so that they could sustain themselves?    Mr. King. That is fine, thank you. I will be very interested in that as that unfolds. I appreciate it, and I yield back, Mr. Chairman.    The Chairman. Thank you, Mr. King. Mr. Kelly? And again, welcome to the Subcommittee.