    Mr. Duffy. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Welcome, Mr. Lew. Obviously, you are the Treasury Secretary, not the coach of the Red Sox, and therefore we are not going to ask you questions about their failings. We would note that they are doing better than the Brewers, which says a lot about the Brewers.    But if you were the coach, we would expect you to answer the questions that we have about baseball. And when we asked questions, we would hope that you wouldn't give us answers about the history of baseball and how it came to be and you could talk about the history of Fenway. But you would actually answer the question of what is wrong with the Red Sox.    You had a lot of questions today about the liquidity in the bond market. And I think the chairman brought out, is this related to Volcker or other rules and regulations that have caused banks and traditional market makers to leave the space.    And I want to give you a chance to answer that question. Is this something that you are looking at? Do you think the rules and regulations that have come since the crisis have had any part in the lack of liquidity in the bond market?    Mr. Duffy. The Red Sox are complicated too.    Mr. Duffy. This is not a ``gotcha'' game at all. You identify risk in the markets, right? That is your job. And you do come in, and you talked about cyber, and you talked about other things that are very complicated, that we can't wrap our heads around, but you tell us where you see those risks.    And so it is a very simple question, because a lot of the commentators will say: Listen, it is complicated. There are a lot of reasons why there is a lack of liquidity in the bond market. But they will unanimously point out that one of the causes could be the new regulatory regime and its impact.    The commentators can talk about this, but you are not willing to answer that question today?    Mr. Duffy. You do this really well. So I ask you about liquidity in the bond market, and I mention commentators, then you will start to talk to me about commentators and the history of commentating and the articles that are written.    Listen, are you unwilling to answer this question because the do-gooders who are looking for risk are actually the ones who are potentially creating the risk in the market? And so, if you tell us, yes, this could be a cause of the lack of liquidity in the bond market, you have to look at yourself. You have to look at the regulatory regime that has taken place since the financial crisis, and you don't want to admit that today.    That is not badgering. I think that is a fair question. And to say that it is too complicated to answer, I don't understand that, Mr. Lew. Give us a straight-up shot. What is it? Yes or no?    Mr. Duffy. I don't know whether you were a tap dancer when you were young. I didn't ask if it was the principal. This goes back to what the chairman was saying. You are playing with words. Is it a contributing factor, which goes back to the point the chairman made, is it a contributing factor, the rules and regulations? Are you looking at that? Is it a contributing factor? Not the main factor, not the only factor, but a contributing factor? Yes or no?    Mr. Duffy. I know. I know.    Mr. Duffy. I am going to ask you a yes-or-no question. Are you looking at FSOC, yes or no, at whether the rules and regulations are having some impact on the lack of liquidity in the bond market?    Mr. Duffy. So you are looking at that?    Mr. Duffy. So this is one?    Mr. Duffy. Mr. Lew, this isn't complicated stuff. We ask you simple questions and I think we are entitled to get straight answers from you. And I think if you think, listen, the rules and regulations that come have no impact, the commentators are wrong, banks and market makers have left the space, but that has no direct correlation with the lack of liquidity, tell us that.    Mr. Duffy. Is it creating a risk too?    Mr. Duffy. One quick question: Do you support TPA like the President?    Mr. Duffy. Duly noted.    I yield back.