    Mr. Royce. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Last month, in a hearing before the committee about due process issues with the FSOC, Professor Jonathan Macey of Yale Law School stated that with respect to the actions that the FSOC have already taken, there is a significant danger of increasing rather than decreasing systemic risk.    His point, as he explained, was that this was because the FSOC is ignoring certain risk mitigation strategies and herding entities into particular risk strategies, which decreases diversification and then increases the systemic risk.    This could also happen indirectly with companies making choices to merge, sharing in the cost of compliance and creating greater economies of scale. We have seen this in the banking sector, or more directly, with the implied or explicit backing of the government, as in the case with the GSEs.    So I was going to ask Mr. Curry, do you view the potential for regulators to create systemic risk as a problem, and what actions have you taken to make sure that--and I will also ask Chair Matz, that the FSOC's designations and enhanced prudential standards of the Fed are not increasing systemic risk, per the thesis that the Yale professor puts forward.    Mr. Royce. And Chair Matz, if you could just weigh in there?    Mr. Royce. And lastly, I will just ask Chair White, do you agree that this is a problem? Would you like to weigh in on it?    Mr. Royce. Now I am trying to better understand how the interaction on another subject here, between the Office of Financial Research and FSOC members works. After criticism by this committee in public on an OFR report regarding the asset management industry, the FSOC sought public views on the industry, and later issued a request or notice and comment on asset management products and activities.    Separately, the SEC put out the OFR report for public comment. Can I ask the panel, do any of you see a reason why all OFR public reports should not be open to the public notice and comment? Does anyone take exception to that concept?    For the record, Mr. Chairman, I would like to say that the witnesses, for the record, saw no reason to continue the practice of OFR not allowing for public comment on their reports. That is the point I wanted to make. I think it is important that they do so.    If I have time here, the FSOC has not designated any asset managers as SIFIs, which is a step I support, as these firms operate with little leverage, if any, and the risks they manage are borne by those whose funds they invest.    But the FSOC is now apparently considering the industry under activities base regulation, the second prong of Section 113 of the Dodd-Frank Act, rather than material financial distress, the first prong.    My question is not about asset managers but rather how FSOC came to this decision and why a similar process wasn't used when designating insurance companies?    Mr. Woodall, is it fair for the FSOC to offer different amounts of process to different industries, and why not take the same amount of time and get it right?    Mr. Royce. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And thank you, Mr. Woodall.