    Mr. Trott. Thank you, Chairman, and also, Ranking Member, for organizing this hearing.    And, Mr. Shelanski, thank you for appearing today and for your work on behalf of our country. You have a very impressive background, so there's no question. A Ph.D. in economics from Berkeley, and clerking for Scalia, of Counsel to Davis Polk, and many great accomplishments. Have you ever run a business though?    Mr. Trott. You spent 2 years in private practice, right?    Mr. Trott. So never signed a paycheck. Never managed to a bottom line or a budget?    Mr. Trott. Okay. So I took a family business with six people, grow it into companies with about 2,000 people. We couldn't have done it today. Couldn't have done it. Even if we could've done it and made a profit, wouldn't have wanted--their heavily regulated businesses wouldn't have wanted to take the risk.    So let me share with you--at a high level, do you think that--you know, you cited in your opening statement that over the last 6 years, all the benefits to the economy with President Obama's regulatory efforts. Do you think, with respect to small businesses in our country today, over the past 6 years, that the regulatory environment is supportive, or is it too onerous or just about right? Kind of the Goldilocks question for you.    Mr. Trott. Well, so that's a good segue. So last weekend in the district, I met with some independent party store and gas station owners. And, I was impressed with their knowledge. I thought only people in Washington understood all of our acronyms, but they had all the acronyms down. And, during the course of the meeting, they said to me, We cannot continue, Would never open another party store or gas station in today's environment--these are independent business owners in my district--because of the following acronyms: EPA, FDA, ACA, and of course, the Department of Labor and some of their rules and regulations coming at them.    So when I go home, I hear three questions: Why can't you get anything done in Congress? Why can't you stop President Obama? So I'm not going to ask you to opine on the first two questions. But if you give me some insight into the third question I get asked, which is, Can't you get Washington out of the way? I can't run my business in today's environment. What should I say to those folks about the future of small business in America and free enterprise, which I believe is the reason why we're the greatest country in the world?    Mr. Trott. No doubt.    Mr. Trott. Okay. So let's talk about major impact and rules that have major impact, which is the focus of your office. And, in connection with that, let's talk about the REINS Act. You're familiar with the REINS Act?    Mr. Trott. So tell me why that's a bad idea.    Mr. Trott. That hasn't gone so well because half of the President's vetoes have been of resolutions that we passed under the CRA, right?    Mr. Trott. But you would concede, if we had the REINS Act in place, it would give me a better answer when I go home, and I have to explain to small businesses why we haven't been able--we, the elected representatives of the people--haven't been able to weigh in on regulations that have an impact of over $100 million on our economy? I mean, that's a disconnect for me, because all I can point to is the fourth branch of government, that growing bureaucracy--which is, again, one of the questions I get hit with a lot, why has Washington gotten so big.    And, then the other--and I run out of time--but the other question I get when people come visit here, tourists and come to see our Capitol and the White House, is they comment on all the cranes that are in Washington. They have never seen so many cranes. We all know Washington didn't have a recession like Detroit did, and we all know that Washington continues to grow because government just grows and grows beyond--but I thank you again for being here, sir, and I yield back my time.