    Ms. Dempsey. Chairman Rouzer, Members of the Subcommittee, thank you for the opportunity to be here on behalf of the National Association of Manufacturers; the nation's largest industrial association, representing over 14,000 manufacturers in every state in the country.    Last year, U.S. manufacturing output reached a record of $2.1 trillion, supported over 12 million jobs, and, of course, relies substantially on inputs from our nation's farmers and agriculture producers for many of our food and beverage products.    I am also appearing today as co-chair of the COOL Reform Coalition, along with my colleague, Mr. Wenk, from the U.S. Chamber.    Let me focus on five points. First, trade and U.S. manufactured exports are a critical source of growth for U.S. manufacturing and other industries in America. U.S. manufactured exports reached a record level last year of $1.4 trillion, supporting millions of jobs. That growth has been supported by decades of--since the creation of the World Trade Organization and other market-opening trade agreements under which the United States and other nations agree to play by a basic set of rules. Second, Canada and Mexico are by far the nation's largest export markets for our nation's manufacturers. Last year alone, they purchased $485 billion in manufactured goods from the United States. Third, the United States' continued failure to bring the COOL rule for meat into compliance with its WTO obligation is threatening substantial quantities of manufacturing goods exports to our two closest trading partners. There is wide expectation that the WTO will, in fact, rule again that this rule is out of compliance with the basic rules.    They have been found out of compliance not just once already, but three times. Canada has put forth a proposed retaliatory list, which includes many manufactured products such as steel pipes, heating appliances, office furniture, and mattresses. Mexico has not set forth what products it would put on its list, but manufacturers have already witnessed firsthand Mexican retaliation in the trucking case, where Mexico imposed tariffs as high as 45 percent on many products, resulting in lost sales and lost jobs. Manufactured goods were listed on Mexico's trucking retaliation list, including office equipment and a wide range of home appliances. Fourth, to be successful globally, manufacturers needed a respected and enforced global trading system. The United States led the world in writing these rules, including the creation of the WTO in 1995, where binding dispute settlement was a primary U.S. objective. Enforcement of the rules-based trading system has already helped American workers, farmers, and manufacturers secure access to overseas markets, and grow our exports and jobs here in the United States. If countries including the United States do not live up to their obligations, the system will be weakened, and our businesses and our workers will face the penalty. Fifth, and finally, time is running out. It is imperative that Congress act quickly, or else put at risk very substantial levels, some believe billions, in U.S. exports to Canada and Mexico, and the industries and jobs of tens of thousands of workers that produce those goods.    With the threat of retaliation looming for our nation's manufacturers, the NAM and the COOL Reform Coalition urge Congress to bring the United States back into compliance with its WTO obligations fully and quickly through the repeal of these WTO inconsistent meat labeling provisions.    Thank you for the opportunity to testify today. I look forward to working with the Committee to resolve this important issue.    Ms. Dempsey. Yes, the NAM believes that the barrier is, in fact, a non-tariff trade barrier.    The Chairman. Mr. Wenk?    Ms. Dempsey. Let me start. I mean trade is absolutely vital not just to produce jobs in industries and agriculture and services and certainly manufacturing, but it helps give consumers in the United States choice of quality products, choice over price. The loss of new opportunities and existing opportunities in Canada and Mexico that we see resulting from the retaliatory tariffs that we fully expect Canada and Mexico to impose, and very likely in 2 months, it will be a short time, they have waited years on this to resolve this dispute, that will result in lost opportunities, less efficiency, less innovation both in our manufacturing sector and others.    Ms. Dempsey. I agree with Mr. Wenk, and would just add that just as in the United States, customers overseas oftentimes plan months in advance, and once a decision is made----    Ms. Dempsey. Yes. So then Canada and Mexico would not be WTO authorized to retaliate.    Ms. Dempsey. I would just say that it is critical from our perspective and that of the COOL Reform Coalition that we eliminate the possibility of retaliation immediately. And so if we put ourselves in a situation of developing yet another legislative mandate that is viewed as WTO inconsistent, and until one sees the details of such a rule it is very difficult to expect that Canada and Mexico are going to wait in terms of the retaliation. First and foremost, and as Mr. Wenk testified, our coalition has looked for lots of other alternatives along the way to try to promote resolution of this, but at this point, time has run out----    Ms. Dempsey. I would just say from the manufacturing perspective, we already face a lot of trade barriers overseas on which we are trying to get resolution. There is over $12 trillion traded in manufactured goods worldwide, and the United States has nine percent of that. That world trade in manufactured goods is about three times the size of all consumption of manufactured goods in the United States. So if we are going to grow our economy, we need to do more. And so putting the United States out of its traditional leadership role in the world economy to make us a bad actor will tell the rest of the world that they can go ahead and impose additional barriers. And in a time that we are negotiating two big trade agreements to try to level the playing field, to try to have fair trade so we can get better access to the world's markets, this type of action and our continued lack of compliance with WTO rules is really costing our leadership.