    Mr. Issa. Thank you. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Professor Turley, good to see you again.    Mr. Issa. I'm going to address this to you, and as we go up and down the dais, I have no doubt that many of the questions will be similar to this. But earlier today, we had a lengthy hearing in which DACA executive action that has not been stopped, but clearly, is not a court decision, and the Affordable Care Act, where there's been multiple decisions, so I'm going to focus on the Affordable Care Act for this afternoon.    In that hearing, we seem to hear, essentially, we commend the court led by Chief Justice Roberts, in ignoring a few words in the Act and looking at the meaning. And to a certain extent, that's what we're talking about this afternoon, that Chevron is, in fact, ignore the words, focus on the meaning. Would you say that's a fair recognition of what, if you will, the doctrine asks the Court to do, or the Court, under that doctrine, asks itself to do?    Mr. Issa. And that's where my question leads. Thank you, Professor. You've done it again. You've anticipated.    In this body, in future legislation, limiting the Court by deciding that what is in a particular law is all that there is, would use similar language to the Affordable Care Act. We would say, you know, if there's any ambiguity, come back to us, no extension beyond explicitly those granted shall be there.    The words would probably not be as simplistic and profound as the Constitution, where we've been arguing over what the State has and what the Federal Government has for years, but it would be similar. You know, Federal Government only gets such powers as are explicitly given to it, all the rest belongs to the States or the people.    If we cannot use the language of the Affordable Care Act to make it clear that we don't want limitations, unless, of course, we want them, which is what had happened in the first Affordable Care Act portion, how do we structure language as the body, the only body that can make law? How do we structure language to limit the excesses, erroneous conduct, or outright deliberative abuse of laws that allow for a regulatory creation?    Mr. Issa. But isn't that what was in the Affordable Care Act, that, in fact, the Court ignored by finding ambiguity and, thus, you know, applying the meaning? I mean, by the way, I'm one of those people that understands that the Republicans who voted against it knew what they didn't want, and the Democrats wanted the government to pay for it, make happen, and so on. I mean, I think Chief Justice Roberts, in a sense, hit one thing right in that case. He did order a solution that allowed the people who voted for that Act to get what they wanted, not what they wrote, but what they wanted.    So I sort of reiterate, if it didn't work there, what language would you say would be unambiguous enough to keep lifetime appointments from saying, we see it, but we don't read it. And I'll follow up, because my time is running out. But the second half of the question is, wouldn't the alternative of expressly having all regulations expire, not just all law, but all regulations expire within a period of time; in other words, can't we make an act and all future acts that say, you know, you may produce regulations, but those regulations have to be codified, otherwise, they're only good for the 5 years, or until the reauthorization of the act? Isn't, ultimately, a time limit on regulations a better solution than, in fact, trying to say, you won't go there when, in fact, there's a record that going there doesn't have a penalty sometimes?    Mr. Issa. Mr. Chairman, thank you very much. I appreciate--I would have liked to have heard from all the witnesses, but I understand the limited time, and I yield back.