    Mr. Quigley. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Thank you, Commissioner.    The phone scammers, I have heard the tapes actually played of people posing as IRS agents and scaring the hell out of people when they call them and tell them: If you don't do this right now or wire money to us to pay these back taxes, someone will be knocking at your door, you will be arrested. A real horror story in my district, in my State, and I know you know across the country.    I would love to hear what you are doing about that, but particularly because as we go forward with private sector collectors, the possibilities that people believe that these people are real become more evident and I think it actually complicates that problem.    Mr. Quigley. Excuse me, how will they differentiate themselves, besides the precorrespondence?    Mr. Quigley. You state the obvious. Hopefully, the letters will differentiate themselves: We are not going to call you and threaten you, we are not going to call you and demand you debit right away, we are not going to call. It has got to go into those specifics.    Mr. Quigley. Thank you.    I yield back.    Mr. Quigley. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Chairman, I can't help it. I wasn't going to get into this, but let me put this on a different picture and put it in the proper perspective. Simpson-Bowles, I believe, really only had one major vote on the House side, and that was Cooper-LaTourette, as I recall, and I was one of 38 Members of the House to vote for that. So the debt, the deficit, these are things that I am concerned about and put my vote on the line toward that end.    But let me just put the perspective, I think, what you are trying to get to is, as you relate to the deficit as it relates to GDP, I think what you are saying is, if a household of $25,000 annual income has $5,000 in debt, that is a whole lot different, a debt of $5,000, than it is a $50,000 income a year, correct? Is this what you are alluding to?    Mr. Quigley. And one last point on this. I am sure you don't have this--able to answer now, but since people are asking you for specific numbers--and if you don't have it, maybe you can get it to us. The total debt we have right now, could you tell us what percentage of that debt comes from the Iraq war and the tax cuts that came with it at the same time?    Mr. Quigley. I would like to know what percentage is----    Mr. Quigley. And I appreciate that. But at some point if you would get to us the raw numbers----    Mr. Quigley . Of how much we owe now, how much of that--now and as time goes on, what percentage of that will be from the expenses of invading Iraq and completing that war and the tax cuts that went. Because what I recall, in World War II we went to war and we recognized that wars are expensive and we raised taxes.    On a less pleasant note, let me talk about something locally in Illinois. Flooding is a regional issue. In the Chicagoland area, it is a bipartisan issue. I talk to my Republican colleagues and those that serve with me in the region.    One of the big solutions to that was the McCook reservoirs, supported on a bipartisan basis. Got funded from the administration for 3 straight years. We are concerned about spending money; had a three-to-one benefit-cost ratio, not just Chicago but 36 suburbs. Would have had 1.5 million structures, 5 million people. And the amount of damage we already had before these were completed is staggering.    Unfortunately, Assistant Secretary of the Army (civil works) Ms. Darcy omitted this in the 2017 funding for stage 2 under the extraordinary mistaken belief that stage 2 is related to water pollution control instead of the fact that it is for flood control, fully authorized and documented in the Corps' system as such. The project is being recommended by the Corps for flood protection.    At some point, as Senator Durbin and I have been talking about, but, again, on a bipartisan basis, we need your help to try to include these resources in the fiscal year 2017 workplan for the Corps of Engineers in that area.    Mr. Quigley. Concern is you stubbed your toe. This is a broken foot.    Mr. Quigley. Yeah.    Mr. Quigley. Thank you.    Mr. Quigley. Yes.    Mr. Quigley. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Welcome, Chair White. It was nice for Chairman Crenshaw to reference the Small Business Advocate Act. I am sure you are aware of it, and the fact that the House passed it on a bipartisan basis. I only assume the Senate will take it up. Can you tell us your stance on moving forward with this, and designating a small business advocate at the SEC?    Mr. Quigley. Let me reference another point. A recent study conducted by researchers at the University of Chicago and the University of Minnesota--seven percent of all active financial advisors have been disciplined for misconduct or fraud. The study also found that the advisors who have engaged in misconduct, of those, 38 percent are repeat offenders. I am sure you are aware of the concerns about these things. Are you aware of these studies, and what is the SEC currently doing, proposing to prevent financial fraud like this, especially for repeat offenders?    Mr. Quigley. I mean, how much of this is resources?    Mr. Quigley. I thank you for your service. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Quigley. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Welcome, Secretary Lew.    Mr. Quigley. Deep breath. In January, Secretary Kerry said that--he indicated that if Iran is found to be funding terrorism, they are, quote, ``going to have a problem in the U.S. Congress.'' Can you provide an update on Iran's current terror finance apparatus and speak to what the Treasury is doing to monitor and follow up with sanctions on Iran?    Mr. Quigley. Yeah, I mean, can you evaluate, to the extent you can publicly, the agency's ability to monitor this? It is a complicated world. Iran is elusive.    Mr. Quigley. I assume that after the Iran deal, and the first level of compliance, that there was a lot more work to be done, given the anticipation. It wasn't as much money as most had said that was going to be released or made available because it was tied up in so many other things, but are you gauging more activity after this compliance in effect, that resources, or more resources, are available to Iran?    Mr. Quigley. Very good. Thank you. My time is expired. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Thank you, Mr. Lew.