    Mr. Welch. Thank you very much. Sorry for my absence.    First of all, I want to thank the Commission for the tremendous work that you do. There are very hard, contentious issues. In the hope that we have on this committee--Bob Latta and I, of course, started the Rural Working Group--and I know the hope on your Commission is that you would find ways to work together in a contentious time.    But let me ask, Commissioner Pai, you had indicated your problem with the enforcement process now, and I heard you loud and clear. I just thought I would ask Mr. Wheeler, I would give you an opportunity to respond to that.    Because I assume all of you hope, against hope at times, that you can get a bipartisan votes. That eludes us on this panel more than we would like. It eludes you on your Commission more than you would like.    But, Mr. Wheeler, I would like you to at least have an opportunity to respond to Commissioner Pai.    Mr. Welch. Yes. All right. Thank you.    And, Commissioner Rosenworcel, I want to thank you.    Commissioner Rosenworcel came up to Vermont. People were impressed. You might want to have her in Indiana.    But you were talking about the homework gap. And that is, in fact, a big deal. What kind of progress are you making, and what can we do to be helpful?    Mr. Welch. OK.    And you also spoke in the beginning about ``dig once.''    I wonder, Mr. Pai and Mr. O'Rielly, that seems to me to be such a practical way to try to avoid cost and have the money spent really, Mr. O'Rielly, in the way you were suggesting, where other moneys were not properly spent.    Is that something we can make progress on? Ms. Eshoo has been a leader on this. But I will start with you, Mr. Pai, and then you, Mr. O'Rielly.    Mr. Welch. Well, Mr. Chairman, I hope we can really do that.    Mr. O'Rielly?    Mr. Welch. OK. So you are really recommending to this panel that we do everything we can to do something sensible to save money and expand access.    Mr. Welch. All right.    Mr. Chairman, I move the bill. We can get away with it. We are here.    Mr. Welch. I am not yielding. I still have another minute.    Mr. Welch. Mr. Wheeler, on the broadband speed, you know, there are two standards out there now, 10/1 versus 25/3. So that conflict is a conflict, and I am wondering if you can address that.    Mr. Welch. That is great.    I see my time is up, but I just want to at least thank--I can't ask my question--Commissioner Clyburn, who also came to Vermont and gave an outstanding presentation to all our utility folks.    So thank you very much, Commissioner.