    Mr. Pitts. The time of 10:15 having arrived, the subcommittee will come to order. The Chair will recognize himself for an opening statement.    Today's hearing is a sequel to our Health Subcommittee's earlier review of the implementation progress of the Medicare payment reforms as included in the Medicare Access and CHIP Reauthorization Act of 2015--MACRA--which repealed the sustainable growth rate and replaced it with new payment models and other reforms.    Through a variety of incentives, MACRA encourages physicians to engage in activities to improve quality, patient experience and outcomes and reduce costs.    Prior to MACRA, physicians not only faced the threat of unsustainable cuts from the SGR, but a series of well-meaning but uncoordinated requirements stacked on top of each other from a variety of reporting requirements.    MACRA seeks to consolidate, streamline and integrate these efforts into a single program. However, rather than wait until CMS issues a proposed rule on how they plan to implement these incentives and program changes, there are steps every practitioner can be taking right now.    Physicians should be thinking about ways they can modernize their practices and participate in current programs to act as a springboard for their preparation for MACRA.    Provider organizations should be developing measures to aid their members and help MACRA's goal of creating meaningful measurements that every provider feels are relevant to them.    Physicians should also start evaluating options available to them, whether the Merit-based Incentive Payment System--MIPS--or the Alternative Payment Methods--APMs--is right for them both for tomorrow and where they want to direct their practice in the future.    Our hearing today will examine options for ensuring the smoothest transition for our providers, based on what we know today. We expect to hear today from our witnesses who come from diverse backgrounds and training and practice from all over the country in rural and urban settings.    Each are practicing physicians in different arrangements and all have worked with their organizations to provide tools and best practices that other physicians can utilize and learn from to be better positioned to succeed under MACRA.    By the conclusion of today's hearing, our Health Subcommittee will have held two oversight hearings on the implementation of MACRA prior to the issuance of CMS' proposed rule.    As we have demonstrated in our commitment so far, the Energy and Commerce Committee will continue to be vigilant in our bipartisan oversight to ensure MACRA is a success and this will certainly not be our last hearing on the matter.    Mr. Pitts. My time is expired. I now yield to the ranking member, Mr. Green, 5 minutes for his opening statement.    Mr. Pitts. The Chair thanks the gentleman. Now, filling in for the chair of the committee, Dr. Burgess, 5 minutes for opening statement.    Mr. Pitts. The Chair thanks the gentleman.    The ranking member wants to say something.    Mr. Pitts. OK. The Chair now recognizes the ranking member of the full committee, Mr. Pallone, 5 minutes for opening statement.    Mr. Pitts. The Chair thanks the gentlelady. As usual, all the members' written opening statements will be made a part of the record. I'd like to submit the following documents for the record: statements from the American College of Cardiology, the American College of Surgeons, the Alliance of Specialty Medicine, the American Society of Clinical Oncology, the Advanced Practice Registered Nursing Organizations, the Infectious Diseases Society of America, and comments and a statement from the Medical Group Management Association.    Without objection, so ordered.    Mr. Pitts. We have one panel today. I'll introduce them in the order of their presentations.    First, Dr. Robert McLean, MD, FACP member of the Board of Regents, chair of the Medical Practice in Quality Committee, American College of Physicians; then Dr. Robert Wergin, MD, FAAFP, board chair of the American Academy of Family Physicians; Dr. Barbara McAneny, MD, immediate past chair of the American Medical Association, and finally, Dr. Jeffery Bailet, MD, MSPH, FACS, executive vice president of the Aurora Health Care, co-president of the Aurora Health Care Medical Group.    Thank you for coming today. Your written testimony will be made a part of the record. You'll be each given 5 minutes to summarize your testimony.    And so we'll begin by recognizing Dr. McLean for 5 minutes for his summary.    Mr. Pitts. The Chair thanks the gentleman. Thank you for your testimony.    We're still having trouble with the mics. So Dr. Wergin, make sure you pull that close to you and make sure the mic is on.    The Chair now recognizes Dr. Wergin, 5 minutes for an opening statement.    Mr. Pitts. The Chair thanks the gentleman.    Now recognizes Dr. McAneny, 5 minutes for her opening statement.    Mr. Pitts. The Chair thanks the gentlelady and now recognizes Dr. Bailet, 5 minutes for his opening statement.    Mr. Pitts. The Chair thanks the gentleman. Thanks to each of you for your opening statements. We'll now begin questioning. I'll recognize myself for 5 minutes for that purpose.    I'd like to begin with the APMs and then go to MIPS and we only have 5 minutes so we'll just go down the line. Dr. McLean, what can physicians do right now to position themselves to succeed under an APM?    Mr. Pitts. All right. That's good.    Dr. Wergin, what can physicians do right now to position themselves to succeed in MIPS?    Mr. Pitts. Thank you.    Dr. McAneny, as you may know, this is our second oversight hearing on MACRA even before the proposed rule and this committee will continue to be vigilant in our bipartisan oversight to ensure that MACRA is a success.    Can you speak from both your organization's perspective and that of a physician of why oversight is important and the message you believe it sends to the physician community?    Mr. Pitts. Before I go to Dr. Bailet, how would you characterize the general physician's knowledge on the repeal of SGR and the passage of MACRA?    Mr. Pitts. Thank you. Thank you.    Dr. Bailet, you note the importance of engaging with the specialist community in the development of APMs. Can you elaborate on where you see growth potential in the future for specialists playing a bigger role in new care delivery models?    Mr. Pitts. Thank you. My time has expired.    The Chair recognizes Mr. Green, 5 minutes for questions.    Mr. Pitts. Chair thanks the gentleman. I now recognize Dr. Burgess, 5 minutes for questions.    Mr. Pitts. You may proceed.    Mr. Pitts. The Chair thanks the gentleman and now recognizes the gentlelady from Florida, Ms. Castor, 5 minutes for questions.    Mr. Pitts. The gentlelady's time has expired. The Chair now recognizes the vice chair of the subcommittee, Mr. Guthrie, 5 minutes for questions.    Mr. Pitts. Go ahead.    Mr. Pitts. The Chair thanks the gentleman and now recognized the gentleman, Dr. Schrader, 5 minutes for questions.    Mr. Pitts. Chair thanks the gentleman and now recognizes the gentleman from Indiana, Dr. Bucshon, 5 minutes for questions.    Mr. Pitts. Chair thanks the gentleman and recognize Mr. Cardenas, 5 minutes for questions.    Mr. Pitts. Chair thanks the gentleman and now recognizes the gentlelady from North Carolina, Mrs. Ellmers, 5 minutes for questions.    Mr. Pitts. Chair thanks the gentlelady and now recognize the gentleman from Missouri, Mr. Long, 5 minutes for questions.    Mr. Pitts. Chair thanks the gentleman. That concludes the question from members present. We're going to go to one follow-up per side. Chair recognizes Dr. Burgess, 5 minutes for a follow-up question.    Mr. Pitts. All right. The Chair thanks the gentleman and now recognize Mr. Green, 5 minutes for questions follow-up.    Mr. Pitts. Chair thanks the gentleman. That concludes the follow-up questions. We will have other follow-up questions in writing that we'll send to you and other members who aren't here will have some questions.    We'll ask you please to respond promptly. I remind members they have ten business days to submit questions for the record and that means they should submit their questions by the close of business on Tuesday, May the 3rd.    Excellent hearing, very thorough testimony. Really exciting and optimistic hearing today. We'll monitor closely this implementation. This is the second hearing. We will have more.    We look forward to working with you. Thank you very much for coming and presenting your testimony and sharing your expertise with us.    Without objection, the subcommittee stands adjourned.