    Mr. Hultgren. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Thank you all so much for being here. I appreciate your time and expertise in this important discussion.    I want to address my first questions to Mr. Atkins, if I may.    Earlier this year you wrote an op-ed that ran in the Wall Street Journal that was titled, ``Equity Policy Needs Surgery, Not Band-Aids.'' Volatility, flash-crash risks, and bigger dark pools are the legacy of the SEC's Regulation NMS.    This, of course, was with respect to IEX's application to be a registered national security exchange. I have commended IEX for putting forth ideas considered by some to be effective adjustments to our market, but I have also remained unsure about how the investor exchange would function in an already complicated market structure.    In your op-ed, you remarked about a broken process at the SEC, and I will quote your op-ed where you said, ``Will the agency address equity market structure concerns comprehensively, as many Members of Congress and SEC Commissioners say is necessary, or will it make these far-reaching policy decisions in an opaque exchange application approval process?''    Over the last few months there have been some developments where your perspective would be valuable. One, the extended comment period for IEX's exchange application, to which they have made some modifications, ends today. Also, the comment period on the notice of interpretation for whether 1,000-microsecond delay should be de minimis for the purpose of Rule 611, the order protection rule, ends today.    So, Mr. Atkins, I have been frustrated with the Commission that it has been slow to act on changes to market structure, but do you think in general, changes to market rules through an exchange application process will result in good public policy?    Mr. Hultgren. Following up on that, or continuing, the New York Stock Exchange recently filed with the SEC to use a replica of the Discretionary Pegged order that is included in IEX's application, which was made public through an exchange application process. Does this raise intellectual property concerns? It would seem the New York Stock Exchange could potentially make use of the D-Peg before IEX is granted exchange status, which would disadvantage IEX.    Mr. Hultgren. Isn't the use of the D-Peg and a notice of interpretation on the definition of ``immediate evidence'' that the exchange application process is being used to rush consideration and changes to market rules, and would notice and comment rulemaking, not just an interpretation, be more appropriate?    Mr. Hultgren. As a free market conservative who wants to see competition and innovation rewarded by the markets, what advice would you give to IEX and its supporters?    Mr. Hultgren. Good. Thank you.    Switching gears a little bit, I am going to address my next question to Mr. Keating.    I have some questions about implementation of the JOBS Act. What are the most burdensome provisions of Title III in the JOBS Act? And do these burdens make crowdfunding useless to small businesses seeking equity financing?    Mr. Hultgren. What are the most burdensome provisions of Title III in the JOBS Act, and do these burdens make crowdfunding useless to small businesses seeking equity financing?    Mr. Hultgren. Great.    My time has expired. I yield back. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.