    Mr. Nadler. I thank the Chairman.    I want to go into a little of the history here, first of all. I was one of the leaders in the fight for RFRA back in 1993. And along with former Congressman, now Florida Supreme Court Justice Charles Canaday, I was the principal author, along with Charles, of RLUIPA. And the congressional intent at that time--and we did pass it by UC on the floor, with only Charles and I being on the floor at the time, as the last act before we adjourned in 2000.    The U.S. Supreme Court's ruling in Hobby Lobby essentially punched a hole in the Constitution, in my opinion. It took the principle of religious liberty, enshrined in our First Amendment and in RFRA and RLUIPA, and turned it on its head.    The Religious Freedom Restoration Act was intended to be used as a shield, not a sword. It was designed to protect individuals' ability to exercise their religion. It was not intended to allow any of us to impose our religious beliefs on someone else or to use our religion to harm other people.    And I think Mr. Tebbe's distinction between who pays the price, the government or a third-party individual, is exactly apropos.    When we passed RFRA in 1993, it was not intended to excuse for-profit businesses from complying with our laws. Religious belief was not understood to excuse restaurants or hotels from following our civil rights laws enacted in the 1960's or an Amish employer from having to pay into the Social Security system in the 1980's, and I think Ms. Windham mentioned that case.    No matter how sincerely held the religious belief, employers should not be allowed to use their beliefs as a reason to refuse to hire people of the ``wrong,'' in quotes, race or religion or to deny employees access to critical preventative healthcare services required to be provided by law.    Now, let me ask a couple of questions here.    By the way, let me mention that all the cases mentioned by Ms. Windham as RLUIPA cases--the prison beard case, the eagle feather case, the land use cases that were mentioned--all of them, I certainly agree with the outcome. And all of them were well within the purpose--they were exactly why we passed RFRA and why we passed RLUIPA.    The Hobby Lobby case, which is the first case that imposes a burden on third parties, is the exception--not the exception. It's the new--it's an extension of the law, because we never intended that third parties should bear the burden. And Mr. Tebbe made that distinction.    Let me ask you this. We generally provide exemptions in the law. We say that a church--you can't discriminate on religion in hiring, for example. But if you're a church, you can discriminate in hiring as long as the person has to do with the ministry. In other words, you can say, ``We insist on Catholics to be priests.'' You can't say, ``We insist on Catholics to be the janitor.''    Where does that end?    Mr. Nadler. And the statute recognizes that. If the statute did not recognize that, would that be a constitutional requirement?    Mr. Nadler. Now, let me ask you a different question.    Mr. Nadler. We would certainly say that the corner bakery or--let's be bigger--the large bakery could not refuse to hire a Black person or a Jewish person or anybody on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, faith, et cetera.    Could they refuse--the bakery--could they refuse to sell a wedding cake to a couple of whose marriage they disapprove, let's say a same-sex couple? If so, why? If not, how do you distinguish that from--or, if so, how do you distinguish that from the refusal to hire the wrong person?    Mr. Nadler. And would the Hobby Lobby doctrine, if Hobby Lobby were applied, would you think that would change that result?    Mr. Nadler. That's another problem.    My last question: Mr. Baylor, I don't remember if it was you or Ms. Windham or somebody cited a number of the zoning cases designed to exclude orthodox Jewish institutions from certain areas and that they were rejected on the basis of RLUIPA, quite properly. Maybe it was Mr. Parshall who cited those cases and Ms. Windham.    And those kinds of cases were one of the reasons we passed RLUIPA in advance. And I think the Court decisions saying you can't do that were quite proper and correct. And I congratulate any of you sitting here who had anything to do with those cases.    Now, Mr. Parshall, several years ago, a developer announced plans to build a Muslim community center named Park51 in New York City near Ground Zero in my district. The project satisfied all zoning requirements and was legally authorized to move forward with construction, but there was significant backlash to the project, specifically because it was a building to be used by Muslims, and some people said that's a terrible thing. You know, given its proximity to Ground Zero, it is terrible because, after all, it was Muslims who destroyed the World Trade Center, and it's bad to have a Muslim mosque or whatever close to it.    Although your organization usually argues that zoning and historic landmark laws may not be used to stop the building of religious structures, in that case it filed a lawsuit arguing that zoning and landmark laws should be used to bar the construction of the Muslim community center. In fact, you filed a lawsuit to prevent the structure from being built.    Now, this is the very scenario that RLUIPA was meant to protect. A building project was being contested simply because of the religious belief of those who would use it. What was unusual in this case is that, usually, when someone opposes a religious building project, they're not honest enough to admit the reason is that it's religious. They find some other excuse, density or whatever. Here they were very clear about it; we don't want a Muslim----    Mr. Nadler. We don't want a Muslim structure nearby.    RLUIPA is there to ensure that this minority religious group is not treated differently because of what they believe, et cetera. But the ACLJ not only refused to----    Mr. Nadler. I'm almost finished. I have one more sentence to the question--but actively sought to prevent their use of the property.    How is blocking the building of a Muslim community center supporting religious freedom? And why would you think that RLUIPA did not protect the religious group in this case?