    Mr. Carter. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank all of you for being here. Ms. Merriweather, you are a beam of sunshine in our day today. Thank you for being here and thank you for your story. You know it is a honor for us to serve as representatives of the people, but like anything else, sometimes it can be a grind, and sometimes we wonder if we are making a difference, but it is stories like yours that keep us going. Thank you.    I want to ask you, do you know of any other stories similar to yours? Have there been other people, friends of yours, that you have known? You put it so well. I have always said poverty breeds poverty, and we have to break that cycle, and you said that, that cycle has been broken. Do you know of any other examples?    Mr. Carter. Well, thank you again. Mr. Bryan, I had the honor of serving in the Georgia state legislature for 10 years. I was a co-sponsor of both the voucher bill and the special needs scholarship bill, and we passed both of those bills, and that we have in effect now, and that I understand you have in effect in North Carolina as well.    Can you tell me about the success of that program? Has it been successful, and what do you attribute it to?    Mr. Carter. You see more parental involvement, you see more excitement, if you will?    Mr. Carter. Great. Mr. Robinson, in some of your recently published work, you say an estimated 18,500 families, children, educators, and charter school employees gathered in Brooklyn, Brooklyn, New York, I assume, to rally in support of charter schools, after the Mayor attempted to stop the growth of charter schools; is that correct?    Mr. Carter. That to me seems to be a clear sign that there is a lot of positive growth and the support behind the charter schools and behind their expansion is there. What I want to ask you is this, when you see that, what about the remaining, the schools that remain? What do you see happen?    I am a big free market guy. I believe in competition. What I am trying to ask is what do you see happen to those other schools?    Mr. Carter. Right, so competition works. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.