    Mr. Rohrabacher. The Chair now recognizes Mr. Weber.    Mr. Rohrabacher . Your last question.    Mr. Rohrabacher. Thank you. Do any of you, either of you, know of cases--do you believe that Americans at Gitmo were involved with criminal mistreatment of the detainees?    Mr. Rohrabacher. Okay. So but the President has made it a national security imperative that we close Gitmo and this, we are told, that he has to close Gitmo because it has such a bad reputation. But yet from what you just said we know that those charges are not true. Is that right?    We have a propaganda campaign going on by the enemies of the United States and detractors of the United States against us, claiming that there was some kind of major criminal mistreatment of prisoners in Guantanamo and neither one of you know of an example of that or the fact is if there was one or two instances it certainly didn't reflect what was going on in Guantanamo, correct?    Mr. Rohrabacher. Right.    Mr. Rohrabacher. Well, let me correct it. Not only did a lot of people think that but there are people who hate our country who are promoting that knowing it is not true.    Let's get this in your mind. This isn't nice American politics. This isn't a criminal matter, although the President would like to think of these terrorists as being American criminals, Americans who have made a criminal act.    This is people who hate our way of life, they are engaged in an organized effort to terrorize Western civilization by murdering large numbers of noncombatants.    Mr. Rohrabacher. This is what we are trying to do. We are trying to handle this and what we get is a President who makes a national security imperative to give in to those people who propagandize and by doing that add some sort of credibility to whom?    To the charge that our people who are working in Guantanamo are a bunch of ghouls who are torturing these people. I totally--yeah, there may be one or two instances where somebody lost their temper or did something wrong.    But by and large, you know and we know that the prisoners in Guantanamo have been treated extraordinarily well. The President, by making it a national security imperative, has basically demonstrated that the propaganda, by people who hate us, will succeed and it will be seen and is seen as a sign of weakness by terrorists all over the world.    This very act that we are talking about is encouraging those people who will murder noncombatants, especially Americans. Let's get back to the number of 532 released by Bush.    Now, among those I know, for example, a lot of people were picked up. The Uighurs from Afghanistan had been picked up. They were in Afghanistan at the time of our operations. There were a lot of situations like that.    Obama has released 159. I think it is a bit disconcerting, again, when this administration insists on treating these terrorists and those involved in terrorist activities as nothing more than criminals.    You know, they are nothing more than like criminals would be in the United States. That's why, perhaps, the President finds it impossible to say the words ``radical Islamic terrorist'' because that is different than just some criminal who had committed an act of violence or murder in the United States.    And by doing so, again, seeing as a weakness, the President is actually encouraging terrorists around the world to take advantage of this weakness, take advantage of the fact we are willing to retreat if you just have a propaganda campaign.    I am glad to hear that we actually are suggesting that our guys didn't commit all sorts of horrible acts against these people. But of the 159 that were released--that have been released, what is disconcerting is when I hear that we don't have proof and it is been determined that this number of people have not--these people haven't committed any of these other acts after they've been released.    I, like Mr. Issa, find that totally--it is absurd, it is so bad. The fact is that we--if we are waiting for evidence to prove before we can say well, we think it is probable that they have been involved because we know what kind of people they are, that is one thing.    But what we are being told is unless we have overwhelming evidence that they have killed Americans or killed other innocent people, we are going to assume that they haven't.    Well, this is a way--this is not watching out for the security interests of the people of the United States. This is projecting weakness. This is going to make sure that more Americans die if by nothing else giving in and having the President of the United States insisting on treating terrorists as if they are American criminals, which will do nothing but encourage terrorism overseas. Thank you very much.