    Mr. Lombardi. Chairman Thornberry, Ranking Member Smith, members of the committee and staff, thank you for today's opportunity to discuss acquisition reform and particularly experimentation and agility. It is my pleasure to do so.    First, let me say that Dr. Bill LaPlante set our acquisition community on a brilliant course during his tenure, and I----    The Chairman. Mr. Lombardi, would you get that mike right in front of your mouth, please. Thank you.    Mr. Lombardi. Okay. Sorry about that.    First, let me say that Dr. Bill LaPlante set our acquisition community on a brilliant course during his tenure, and I look forward to build on that foundation. Through his focused efforts over the last few years, the data has shown that we have improved our acquisition performance. Our costs are trending down. We are meeting key performance parameters on our major programs greater than 90 percent. And we have garnered over $6 billion in cost savings, using these savings to secure greater capabilities and additional weapons in the hands of our warfighters.    In this endeavor, we are supported by the leadership of Frank Kendall, the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics. Our Air Force efforts are aligned to his Better Buying Power 3.0 initiatives, as well Secretary James' Bending the Cost Curve efforts, all which are designed to strengthen our ability to innovate, achieve technical excellence, and field dominant military capabilities.    In today's complex environment, rapid change is truly the norm. We believe incorporating strategic agility into the Air Force's acquisition enterprise will be the way to capitalize on this dynamic environment. In order to make most of these potential opportunities, we are focusing the Air Force's efforts in three key areas: First, strategic planning, prototyping, and experimentation; second, science and technology; and, finally, modular and open systems architecture.    Over the past 2 years, the Air Force has made great strides to improve the strategic planning process as evidenced by the release of the visionary 30-year strategy. We are also reinvigorating the use of prototype and experimentation with the purpose of providing warfighters with the opportunity to explore novel operational concepts, incentivize innovation in industry and government, and reduce risk and lead times to develop and field advanced weapon systems.    Our Air Force S&T Program plays an integral role in technology development, often fielding temporary operational prototypes to meet urgent warfighter needs. However, they are not the final solution but a stepping-stone to further develop a long-term solution that addresses aspects of producibility, reliability, and sustainability.    The Air Force also has more programs than ever implementing modular and open systems architecture approaches. Best practices to achieve this are, of course, the use of modular and open architecture designs, but also to include the use of standard interfaces and the use of block upgrade approaches to fielding. These methods should help shorten developmental timelines.    Such systems are designed to later upgrade, which can allow us to better manage our risk and schedule. We identified the advanced pilot trainer and the Joint STARS recap programs as strategic agility pilots that will utilize these approaches, much like the Long Range Strike Bomber is already doing.    To address the business-related challenges, we are prototyping a new acquisition approach called Open System Acquisition. It will enable aggressive competition toward rapid prototyping and utilize other transaction authority to create a consortium specifically focused on reaching nontraditional defense companies.    We tested this new process last year as a pilot initiative for the Air Force Distributed Common Ground System. Nineteen companies participated. We ultimately awarded it to two teams, both including nontraditional defense contractors who offer their products at approximately 80 percent of the original government cost estimate. Our efforts are now focused on formalizing this process and applying it to a broader sample of programs.    I firmly believe that the Air Force acquisition enterprise has and is building an even stronger engineering and program management culture that values the strategic agility as a core capability. We look to capitalize on the complex and dynamic environment of today and tomorrow to ensure our airmen have what they need to meet any challenge or any threat anywhere in the world.    In conclusion, I would like to take this opportunity to thank you for the authorities outlined in section 804 and 815 of the National Defense Authorization Act of 2016 as they support the direction that the Air Force and the Department are heading. And I thank you as well for your service to the United States and for your continued support to the military and civilian men and women who serve our great Nation.    Thank you, and looking forward to your questions.    The Chairman. Thank you.    I think Mr. Smith--I tend to agree with Mr. Smith. Two key things are that we need to thin out the bureaucracy so decisions can be made faster; and, secondly, we have got to allow people to make mistakes. One way to help with that is to be able to experiment in prototypes so that you see if something is going to work before you buy a bunch of them. That is the purpose, I think, of what we are talking here.    So let me ask each of you if you could just outline very briefly the three top things that could be done to improve your service's ability to experiment and take advantage of prototypes.    General.    General Williamson. Yes, sir.    So I want to start with this discussion about flexibility, and I would like to finish with an observation on risk. So this notion of flexibility applies in a couple of areas within the program, starting with early research. One of the challenges that we have is in the making sure that you lock down the requirements for whatever system. And so when you look at prototyping--and I don't intend to make this a primer--but it is really important to understand what type of prototyping we are talking about.    So if I were describe three, it would really be there is concept; there is developmental; and then there is operational prototyping. So in some cases, we have an idea for a program or for a capability that is needed, and these capabilities come in two areas. So, one, you want to address kind of a known threat, how can I quickly react to a known threat; and the second is, there is a technology opportunity for us to integrate into one of our systems.    And so as we look at those three types of prototyping, it is, how can we do that early enough in the process? How do we have the leverage and the flexibility to bring those into programs? And I want to highlight something that Mr. Smith said, and that is the risk piece.    The challenge that we have had in the past, sir, is that you want to have a direct tie to an investment that is made on the science and technology, on the prototyping and the experimentation, and you want to have a direct trace to a program of record, and you want to make sure that that technology is mature enough so that there is less risk in implementation.    But the reality is, is that in many cases, as I look at whether it is a subsystem or whether it is an end item, in some cases, it may be difficult to integrate; it may not be mature enough; and you may have to walk away from it.    And so the notion of risk, sir, becomes very important, because what I am finding--and I have watched this in our business for a while--is that unless that technology is mature enough to plug in, we are not willing to make the investment. And if it is not at the point where you have a great confidence, it is often hard to defend the funding associated, not only internally within the service but also at the Department and also to the American taxpayer----    The Chairman. Okay. So if I could summarize that, an improvement you think could be made is the ability to prototype early in technology development, even when it may not be connected to a program of record, or to experiment with technologies.    And then a different kind of experimentation in prototype is with more mature technology as you are approaching a larger acquisition. So there are kind of two kinds, and you need more ability to do the early, more experimental stuff without necessarily having it attached to a program of record.    General Williamson. Yes, sir, that is absolutely correct.    And just as an example, so for soldiers, for a dismounted soldier, the load that a soldier carries is really important. And so as we have more and more electronics on a soldier, one of the investments that we have to make is in batteries, in just purely power.    And so the investment that we make in efficient battery systems I may not be able to trace to every specific program that will use it, but there will be a number of programs that will leverage the efficiencies that are discovered. I need the capability to be able to experiment in those areas and then, as I get more definition, be able to apply it directly to a program.    The Chairman. Okay. That makes sense to me.    Mr. Stackley.    Mr. Lombardi. Yes, sir. Let me piggyback on both General Williamson's and Secretary Stackley's comments.    From the Air Force perspective, what we are looking at is it is all about a team support and it is all about a team support getting together earlier. There was the discussion about the requirements. And what we need to do is make sure--and as we are doing in our developmental planning type of activities, is bringing the operator and the requirements generator and the technologist and the acquisition community together early on so that we can take a look at where the S&T investments are right now, where the gaps actually are, where are the needs that the customer actually has, and start early on looking across the whole spectrum because it may not necessarily be a material solution. There may be that technology there that could rapidly go out into the field, but we need to understand how that technology would be operated. And then we need to take a look and make sure that we are developing the requirements set properly.    If you don't do the early prototyping and experimentation early on, what tends to happen is we tend to recreate the requirements set that was from the previous system that this is replacing. And that is the wrong answer. What we need to be doing is really looking forward to, what is this new technology going to enable us to do, and how can we employ it in a better fashion?    And so that is a key area where we have to be able to get the teams together early on. And we are working that within the Air Force in our enterprise collaboration teams and by virtue of bringing people together on very specific areas at first, and then we will take a look across the board.    But we are looking at, for example, our Air Superiority 2030 activities, which will allow us then to look at what might be the technology that is required later on and then how do we develop the CONOPS associated with executing that, and then that rolls into the actual developing of the requirements that we can go and build to.    Piggybacking on Secretary Stackley's comments on funding, the funding needs to be much more flexible. As was stated, we are already building our 2018 budget before the 2017 is even hitting the street here.    And in there, if we are really going to be able to look at that, our budget documentation, because this is in the R-docs , we tend to have to write to very specific areas. And as a result of that, we don't know 2 years out what specific areas that we are really going to want to attack. And as a result of that, then we end up having to come back in for reprogrammings or getting approval for new starts. And so if there is more flexibility in the language in the documentation that will allow us to start activities with less specific details, that would be very helpful for us. And then, again, as bringing in the use of nontraditional players, we have had some very--some good experiences with that.    I mentioned in my opening statement the Air Force DCGS . You know, what we have done is been able to do--by virtue of having open systems of architecture--be able to bring in nontraditional players that we typically don't see in our trade space. And so that is an important area for us to reach out to that community, and our DCGS office is actually reaching out to DIUx to understand where there are people who could actually--companies who could actually support them in developing new capabilities, agile capabilities to bring new capability to the DCGS.    Thank you.    The Chairman. Thank you.    I just mentioned on the flexible funding, I think, for me, I am interested in working with you all to figure out ways to do it, especially going back to early prototyping. We have to make sure there is the oversight mechanisms for the use of those funds because that is obviously our responsibility. But surely to goodness, we can find a way to meet your need and also our responsibilities at the same time.    Mr. Smith.    Mr. Lombardi. I would like to just add on this. And I think, dating back to about 20 years ago, I think there was a concern with respect to coming out of accounts like this where we were actually starting program of records.    And so I think, as Secretary Stackley says, I think it is very easy for us to come back together with a plan that would allow for all of us to have the flexibility that we need and the proper oversight for both the appropriation and the authorization committees to make sure that we are executing the funds in a logical and a very meaningful manner.    But I think that a lot of what has been happening in the past was based upon a fear of us actually launching off on program of record based upon doing a certain type of prototyping early on.    General Williamson. Sir, just to comment, I completely support the comments made by the other services. I do want to go back to something that was said earlier though, and that has to go to the culture in terms of risk tolerance and the culture of risk.    So we all sit around and talk about the various successes that come out of Silicon Valley, but what we don't often do is talk about the number of failures that occur. And so one of the things that has to happen is we have to not only come with the plan that has been described and the appropriate due diligence to support that plan, but we also have to be willing to, if we want to push the envelope, if we want to have a capability that is not the current state of the art that our adversaries have or have access to, but if we are willing to push the envelope, there has to be some acknowledgment that there is risk associated with some of these experiments.    And that culture, not just here, sir, but within our own service, within the Department, it has to be something that we are able to kind of quantify that risk but also appreciate that if you are going to push the envelope, there will be times where it doesn't come to fruition.    Mr. Lombardi. Yes, sir. I think, as we have talked before, is the importance of being able to bring together the technologists and the operator early on to really kind of understand where the real investments need to be in S&T to take care of near-term needs, but also look at where the long-term gaps are and where we need to be investing our S&T dollars. So I think by virtue of us being able to start more collaboratively bringing in the operator and the S&T with the acquisition community, we can start being able to bridge that gap.    But there is still, as we tend to call it, the ``valley of death'' going from S&T to a program of record. And by virtue of bringing the teams earlier together--because, as I said earlier, development and planning to us is a team sport, and you have got to be able to work together to determine whether the emerging technology can actually take care of the given need; are there CONOPS that can be done, or do we actually need to do increased investment? And that in turn helps them on the development of their requirements for us to be able to turn that technology and bring it forward into the program of record.    Mr. Lombardi. Yes, ma'am. As I mentioned--and you are correct that this was all done as part of the team up at Hanscom, the PEO up there, Steve Wert, as you are well aware. The DCGS program, what really helped us in being able to reach out to nontraditional companies was actually the fact that we had gone in and opened up the architecture with respect to the DCGS system. And by virtue of doing that, that opens up the capabilities of really going out to the nontraditional players because oftentimes, the nontraditional players are the ones who are going to provide you near-term really relevant applications or smaller components or anything. And so in the case of the DCGS, what was really interesting on this was that we were able to take a process that was actually--our DCGS is actually a system that takes in the intelligence and disseminates it out. It is disseminated out to not only our U.S. forces, but also coalition forces, and so the security levels are different. So what was happening was is this was a manual thing that was done over a half hour to an hour to be able to essentially take out elements of the reports to make sure it met each of the different players, different partners, and so by virtue of doing this application, we were able to get that work done in a matter of 30 seconds.    Mr. Lombardi. By virtue of going out and doing this as ``other transaction authority,'' we were able to reach out to and build a consortium, and of that, the consortiums were all playing together, and the consortium was built with traditional and nontraditional players. And by virtue of that, then they started teaming together, knowing where the real capability of each were, and it came together into--as I said, there were originally 19 different companies, but they then went into about 13 teams. And, ultimately, we have got us down to awarding of two. So it was really the use of the other transaction authority that allowed us to reach out to consortiums that were building upon themselves in this matter.    Mr. Lombardi. It was an experiment from that standpoint, but I think there is an opportunity here and particularly as we look at more and more of our systems having this open architecture approach, where we will be able to reach out and get to people who are really more of the nontraditional players because, in that case, we are going to actually own the standards. We are going to own the interfaces. We are going to own how everything is integrated in together. So by virtue of doing that, we can reach out to a better population of players to be able to support us.    Mr. Lombardi. Yes, ma'am.    Mr. Lombardi. Yes, sir. Big Safari has and continues to provide great capability for our Air Force and our warfighters. And you are right; the model has been one that has been very agile to be able to provide capability out to the warfighters in a very rapid pace. It is a model that we should continue to foster. I will have to get back with you, sir, with respect to the taking of the contracting element out of the Big Safari area, if you don't mind, because I would like to be able to study that a little bit further and understand what were the reasons associated with that.    Mr. Lombardi. Yes, sir. Let me look to that, and I will get back to you.    Mr. Lombardi. Sir, I would also add to that and, again, I think one of the key attributes that will allow us to speed up in some areas will be, again, use of modular open systems architecture, which will allow us then to build in the opportunities that as emerging technology becomes available, that we will be able to integrate it more easily into the systems that we have already developed.    Mr. Lombardi. Sir, I would tell you that the Air Force truly does understand the space business and understands how we need to operate in space. The DMSP 20 example that you put out is an unfortunate one in which you are absolutely correct, is that we have at a point where we are not able to be able to execute that satellite. But I would tell you that the Air Force has a tremendous understanding of the entire space business, and we are dedicated to be able to continue to provide that capability for our Nation.    Mr. Lombardi. Thank you, ma'am. In my statement, what I was really referring to was with respect to more of our systems that are more application-centric systems that have an open architecture associated with that, and so really it was changing the dynamic of using other transaction authorities to be able to reach out and build a consortium where we could actually reach out and get people who traditionally don't play in our business, and so that was really what I was referring to with respect to we need to look at--it is another approach. It won't work for everything, and we know that, but there are certain conditions in which having OTA type of acquisitions will work because it will allow us to broaden out where we are able to look for the right kind of vendors to be able to provide us the right kind of capabilities.    Mr. Lombardi. Yes, sir. Well, what that was, was again, as we were going out to--having the capability to monitor out into our missile fields, and so what this was able to do was provide a network between the UH-1 helicopters, the ground teams in the vehicles, and also at the sites themselves, to be able to communicate in a better fashion, in one in which a network that was a very capable network that we would be able to keep people informed of any incidents that were happening along any of the routes. And so it was something that our S&T folks put together in a very rapid instance and everything. And so as what we have learned from that is that, again, we can put out those self-generating types of networks on a regular basis and do it relatively easy. The issue long term we have to do is to make sure that as we do that, how do we develop out the sustainability and the support structures for those? And so that is the learning that we have to do is our S&T community does a great job in being able to provide rapid capability in certain instances, but then we have to figure out, how do we make this into a long-term, sustainable type of a system? And it causes all the ``ilities'' that you have to have with respect to that--the supply chain, all the sustainability and so forth. Those are the things we learn as we deploy those types of things. And then we test that, so it was something that we could use to continue to refine that capability, and so the lessons from that go back into the laboratory for them to then look at a next generation as we look to move forward into the future.    Mr. Lombardi. Right.    Mr. Lombardi. A lot of it is, but a lot of it is, as a lot of the things that we do, there are a lot of things that are off the shelf. The issue is the integration associated with that, and that is where a lot of times the real magic occurs, is, how do we integrate these types of capabilities together to form a system? And so while there is a lot of things that we can do to take off the shelf, it is still a lot of the hard part is the actual integration to make them into a true system.    Mr. Lombardi. Sir, if I could, I would like to take that for the record and get back with you on the exact timeline in which we did and if there is something we learned associated with that, if you don't mind.    Mr. Lombardi. Yes, sir, it is an area where we could look at experimentation with commercial solutions. And, in fact, I believe we are. And what I would like to do, if I could, is we would like to come back with you with our plan on how we are actually going to upgrade and provide that capability into the C-130s.    We have been out on the Hill discussing with certain Members with respect to how we need to modernize and provide that capability, and we would like to be able to provide that information to you as well.    Mr. Lombardi. Yes, sir. I think what both of the panel members have said is absolutely correct, is that there is a lot of dialogue that has to occur to understand really where the myths are because we have seen that in the past where people will just say that we own the data rights. And as we peel back the onion on it, we find out whether we have or have not paid for those.    And so it is really something that we need to continue to explore, but it is a real good communication to have with the program office and the contractor to be able to really get to the meat of where the real ownership of the data really is.    Mr. Lombardi. Yes, sir. In my statement, what I was really referring to was our process on developmental planning. And so, as I have mentioned before, developmental planning is really kind of a team sport where you have the requirements, the user, the S&T community, and the acquisition community coming together before we even know that there is going to be a material solution.    So, therefore, we are not even sure that there is going to be a need for a program of record. What we are really trying to do is understand, what is the user's need, and what are the best ways to be able to approach that? It may be continuing to invest in some areas of S&T. It is starting to do some prototyping. It may be that it is just simply a CONOPS change on some technology that is already available.    And so therefore----    Mr. Lombardi. The funding is really in our 6.4 line then, and it is what--we have a line that talks about technology transfer. And so, therefore, it is not necessarily tied specifically to a program of record yet, but it is an area where we continue to do our working to determine whether we do need a material solution or not.    Mr. Lombardi. I think it is greatly important. Again, I think, as you characterized it, sir, is that both the DOD and the intel community recognize a need to have to work together to be able to share important information across the national security space enterprise.    And so by virtue of bringing the right players together, we are actually doing this experimentation, as you mentioned, that began this past October and is, I believe, going to be completing in the May timeframe. And so at least that is the first phase of it.    And from that, then General Hyten and also USSTRATCOM all will come together to kind of take a look and see, what have we learned from this? But the initial phase has really been to try and understand how the interrelationships would be and how they are moving forward.    And so as we move forward with this, I know this is an area of interest for you, is as we get to a point where we have good information to be able to come forward, I think it would be very helpful to come see you and be able to provide you an insight on where we are at.    Mr. Lombardi. I think, as we have looked at things in the past, we have used both civil and our international partners to be able to gather information with respect to weather information, so forth. And so we will continue to look at all aspects with respect to how we can provide capability to our Nation with respect to these areas.