    Mr. DeSantis. The Subcommittee on National Security will come to order. Without objection, the chair is authorized to declare a recess at any time.    Today, the civilized world faces an unprecedented level of violence fueled by Islamic extremism. Recent reports indicate that over 30,000 people from over 100 different countries have traveled to the conflict zone in Syria and Iraq to wage jihad since 2011. This group includes over 4,500 westerners and over 250 Americans who have attempted or actually joined Islamic supremacist groups. Both Al Qaeda's global network and ISIS, among several other terrorist networks around the world, promote an ideology grounded in Islamic extremism and conquest.    As the Congressional Research Service has found, these terrorists use Islamist and ideological and/or religious justification for the belief in the establishment of a global caliphate, a jurisdiction governed by a Muslim civil and religious leader known as a caliph via violent means. As the ideology of militant Islam spreads, the threat to the U.S. and our allies, such as Israel, persists. Terrorist networks like Al Qaeda affiliates and ISIS, as well as extremists, clerics, and others, seek to spread this ideology in order to recruit, engage sympathizers, and criticize the West. Indeed, this propaganda is playing a role in promoting terrorist attacks in the U.S. where many homegrown cases of jihadi terrorism involve the use of social media.    Several sources indicate that there are 90,000 pro-ISIS tweets on a daily basis. While others suggest that there may be as many as 200,000 such tweets. Accounts belonging to other foreign terrorist organizations, such as Jabhat al-Nusra, Al Qaeda's branch in Syria, have a total of over 200,000 followers and are thriving. Official Twitter accounts belonging to Jabhat al-Nusra operate much like those belonging to ISIS, tweeting similar extremist content. ISIS' use of platforms like Twitter is highly effective. YouTube videos depicting violent acts against Westerners are used to incite others to take up arms and wage jihad.    While foreign fighters travel overseas for training and to make other terrorist connections, it's becoming apparent that Islamic recruits in the United States and other parts of the world who are unable to travel to these battlegrounds do not necessarily need to do so in order to receive training and inspiration. They can engage real time with jihadists on Twitter, watch ISIS's murderous propaganda on YouTube, view jihadi selfies on Instagram, or read religious justifications for the killing of civilians on Just Paste It. The question and answer Web site, ask.fm, has also become a popular platform for jihadists.    Unfortunately, ISIS's use of social media is believed to be resonating with vulnerable populations, particularly Muslim converts and susceptible alienated youth. However, radicalization of Americans cannot be narrowed to any single social or demographic profile. Instead, the Americans who are being radicalized to support and fight for Islamic extremists come from all walks of life. Those Americans who travel overseas to support terrorist groups can also incite others back home and abroad by their actions to conduct attacks and can themselves return back to the U.S. with training to complete terrorist attacks.    The bottom line is that these foreign fighters have been trained in combat, have strong ties to terrorist groups, and recruit others to join the fight. The U.S. Government has the ability under the law to revoke passports on several grounds, including reasons of national security. The administration has not indicated they plan to utilize immigration controls as other countries have in order to stop foreign fighters. Nor is the danger posed to the United States by foreign fighters limited to those terrorists and adherents to terrorists groups who are U.S. citizens. In order to enter the United States, citizens of most countries must obtain visas issued at overseas embassies and consulates by the State Department.    In 2014, the State Department issued almost 10 million visas to foreigners seeking temporary entry into America and nearly 500,000 immigrant visas for permanent residence. This process plays a crucial role in detecting individuals with terrorist ties and stopping them from entering the United States. Despite these safeguards, many of the subjects would have been convinced on terrorist charges in the United States since 9/11 are aliens who travel to America on visas, including student visas, tourist visas, and green cards. This danger is compounded by the large number of foreign fighters from visa-waiver countries who do not even need a visa to enter our country.    Federal and State governments as well as communities have begun to take action to mitigate the threat of terrorist propaganda on social media. However, they have experienced multiple challenges in combatting this threat. The unprecedented speed with which people are being radicalized by violent Islamic supremacists is difficult to keep up with and is straining the ability of government to monitor and intercept suspects. Jihadists using increasingly secure Web sites and applications, and communicating in code with Americans and westerners in the United States present even further challenges for law enforcement in tracking, identifying, and apprehending those who seek to engage in terrorist attacks.    In order to combat this trend, we must ensure that law enforcement has the necessary tools to do its job. Efforts to counter and deter unconventional information warfare must be joined with other government agencies' efforts to deal with the problem of terror on social media.    I thank our witnesses for their testimony today and look forward to examining issues related to the use of social media by terrorists, the extent that people are being radicalized, and what can be done to combat this growing problem.    I now recognize the ranking member of the Subcommittee on National Security, Mr. Lynch, for his opening statement.    Mr. DeSantis. Thank you.    Mr. DeSantis. I'll hold the record open for 5 legislative days for any members who would like to submit a written statement.    Mr. DeSantis. We'll now recognize our panel of witnesses. I'm pleased to welcome Ambassador Mark Wallace, chief executive office of the Counter Extremism Project, Mr. Walter Purdy, president of the Terrorism Research Center, Mr. Daveed Gartenstein-Ross, senior fellow at the Foundation for Defense of Democracies, Ambassador Alberto Fernandez, vice-president of the Middle East Media Research Institute. Welcome to you all.    Pursuant to committee rules, all witnesses will be sworn in before they testify. So if you could please stand and raise your right hands.    Do you solemnly swear that the testimony you're about to give will be the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth so help you God?    Thank you. Please be seated. All witnesses answered in the affirmative.    In order to allow time for discussion, please limit your testimony to 5 minutes. Your entire written statement will be made part of the record. Ambassador Wallace, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. DeSantis. Thank you, Ambassador Wallace.    Mr. DeSantis. Mr. Purdy, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. DeSantis. I appreciate it. We'll do the written comments. Your time is up. And we'll be sure to give you an opportunity in the question and answer to expand on that.    Mr. DeSantis. And, now, Mr. Gartenstein-Ross, you're recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. DeSantis. Thank you.    https://oversight.house.gov/hearing/radicalization-social-media-and-the rise-of-terrorism/]    Mr. DeSantis. Ambassador Fernandez, welcome. You're recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. DeSantis. Thank you.    Mr. DeSantis. The chair now recognizes himself for 5 minutes. Ambassador Wallace, you talked about how you can be in a queue if you report something to social media companies. But I noticed there was that incident, it was probably a month, month and a half ago, where you had an individual, a deranged individual, film him killing a newspaper reporter online. And he was posting that on social media. And that got taken down very quickly. And rightfully so. So they actually, they definitely have the capacity to do it. So why, what is keeping them from acting with that same swiftness when you're talking about terrorism?    Mr. DeSantis. There's this #CEPDigitalDistruption. Can you explain what that means and talk about the work you're doing to combat radicalization propaganda?    Mr. DeSantis. Mr. Purdy, you mentioned radicalization by people like Anwar al-Awlaki. What tools are used to radicalize individuals that I think that are the most concerning?    Mr. DeSantis. Great. My time is expired. I now recognize the ranking member, Mr. Lynch, for 5 minutes.    Mr. DeSantis. The gentleman's time has expired. The chair now recognized Mr. Duncan for 5 minutes.    Mr. DeSantis. The gentleman yields back. The chair now recognizes the gentleman from California, Mr. Lieu, for 5 minutes.    Mr. DeSantis. The gentleman yields back. The chair now recognizes the gentleman from Georgia for 5 minutes.    Mr. DeSantis. The gentleman yields back. The chair now recognizes the gentleman from Texas for 5 minutes.    Mr. DeSantis. We just have so many people in the queue. You know so, I appreciate it I know Steve and I are going to have some more questions, so we will go another round if the other members are inclined.    We have been talking about, and rightfully so, about the propaganda about this global caliphate, and it's a Sunni caliphate, but I've noted that Ayatollah Khamenei will tweet different things. And so, Mr. Gartenstein-Ross, what is the use of social media from the Shi'ite extremism side? Iran is establishing a de facto Shi'ite caliphate from Afghanistan border to the Mediterranei Sea. Are we seeing the same type of techniques being used with groups like Hezbollah and other Shi'ite-type militias in maybe Yemen or these places?    Mr. DeSantis. How has the social media affected terrorism by Palestinians against Israelis? You look at the intifada at the beginning of the last decade, yeah, we had the Internet and stuff, but you didn't have Twitter. You didn't have a lot of this stuff. Now I know that there's some significant problems that are going on. Are we seeing evidence that some of the Palestinian terrorists are using social media?    Mr. DeSantis. Yeah. Great. And then when someone gets killed, I know some of the headlines in the New York Times will say somebody was killed by a rock. They won't say how or what. But anyway, that's not a discussion for today.    I'm going to yield to Mr. Lynch for 5 minutes.    Mr. DeSantis. No.    Mr. DeSantis. No problem. I'd like to thank our witnesses for taking the time to appear before us today. If there's no further business, without objection, the subcommittee stands adjourned.