    Mr. Green. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank our witnesses for being here today.    Today we are examining legislation that will roll back a policy designed to give people access to calorie information when ordering and consuming prepared foods. Congress embraced this principle when it mandated that the nutrition information be included on packaged food more than 20 years ago. Providing the public with calorie information allows people to make informed choices about the food they eat.    The Affordable Care Act was enacted in 2010 to improve the health of American people and strengthen our healthcare system. The main substance of the landmark law centered on expanding access of affordable insurance and put to end some of the worst abuses of the insurance industry. It also contained many provisions to promote prevention measures and general wellness. We know that consumers make better health decisions when they are empowered with information.    Following this principle, Section 4205 of the Affordable Care Act requires chain restaurants and food establishments that sell prepared food to include calorie information on menus and menu boards. Menu labeling has become increasingly important in recent decades as people eat out much more often than before, and the obesity epidemic has reached a crisis level. It is a simple reform to ensure that consumers have access to the same information regardless of whether eating at home or outside their home.    As we will hear from witnesses today on how away-from-home foods have negatively impacted the diet and health of the American people. Without easily accessible and standard calorie information, it is difficult to make informed choices at the point of purchase.    The legislation we are considering today may weaken this important tool. When enacted, the provision built off of the thrust of the more than dozen State and local policies. H.R. 2017 could undermine the compromise negotiated between a wide diversity of interests and stakeholders. As written, it would have significant financial and public health burdens on consumers, industry, and ultimately on taxpayer-funded budgets.    Giving supermarkets and convenience stores and other food preparing establishments a blanket exemption to a uniform standard is unwarranted. It is unsupported by the wealth of research on the cost of compliance and real world evidence from chains and restaurants that have embraced the commonsense measures. It would create an uneven playing field for competition among the businesses.    I appreciate the concerns raised by stakeholders represented here today with menu labeling requirements. While I do not support the legislation being considered by the subcommittee, I am sympathetic to the concerns and the timing and implementation and enforcement.    Due to lack of guidance or understanding questions on the Agency's rule, I ask the FDA to provide at least a year additional time for food establishments to comply. The law does not include a statutory deadline. The FDA should extend the implementation period to give industry the time to review such guidance and address outstanding issues and comply with this important requirement.    Again, Mr. Chairman, thank you for calling the hearing, and when considering the legislation, we must always keep the priority of transforming our broken healthcare system into a true healthcare system in mind. And, again, I thank you and I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Green. No objection.    Mr. Green. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I want to remind the panel the Affordable Care Act was passed in 2010. It has taken the FDA a while to do it. Here we are 5 years later, and we still have a problem with obesity in our country. And some of the suggestions in here--we are not going to stop people from eating what they want to. I am going to go to Domino's or Dunkin or get enchiladas in Texas at one of our convenience stores.    But I think the bottom line, though, is we want people who are concerned about their obesity, their children's obesity, their parent's obesity, and that ultimately end in diabetes, and that is why it was part of the Affordable Care Act.    So I would like to see what we could do to be workable, but, again, you are right. I have been in a lot of convenience stores, but we do have some folks who are complying with it but we still need to make sure the consumers have that information. And maybe we need to present it in a better way. I don't know if a booklet on the counter because fast food stores are meant to be fast food. Nobody is going to leaf through a booklet while they are waiting for their hamburger.    But, Ms. Raskopf, I want to thank Dunkin' Donuts and the restaurant industry for your leadership on the issue and your work on the final law. Consistency in menu labeling requirements is not only critical for the industry, but also for consumers to ensure that the presentation of calorie information is easily understood and regardless of where they live or where they dine.    Much of the discussion on this issue has been focused on types of restaurant. Retail restaurant, food restaurants should be covered by these menu labeling requirements. However, it seems to me that our focus should be more on types of food that should be covered, and especially on consumer demand for ready-to-eat and prepared food continues to grow.    In your testimony, you note the similarity between supermarkets and restaurants. We have heard from supermarkets that the cost of compliance would be up to $1 billion in initial cost due to the number of items that would be undergoing in nutrition.    I have not heard that concern from restaurants. Ms. Raskopf, can you explain what the cost of compliance with FDA's final menu labeling rule would be for the Dunkin' Brands restaurant?    Mr. Green. OK. Dr. Wootan, there has been a lot of discussion regarding your scope of the menu labeling requirements and the definition of a restaurant and similar retail food establishments. The intent of the law was not to confine the scope solely to restaurants or other establishments primarily engaged in the sale of food, but rather it applied broadly to entities that sell food to consumers. This was the decision based largely on an increasing trend of American families spending their food dollars on items prepared outside the home. That has been going on for a couple of decades now. Not only my children but also I see my grandchildren.    Dr. Wootan, as someone that were involved in the drafting of the original legislation, is it clear that the law was intended to broadly cover restaurant-type food?    Mr. Green. OK.    Dr. Wootan, from a consumer perspective, can you discuss what do you think the impact is from having certain food establishments exempted?    Mr. Green. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.