    Ms. DeGette. Mr. Chairman, sadly, there are 6 minutes left on the vote on the floor, so I will consolidate my opening statement. I will ask unanimous consent to put the full statement in the record and also all the other statements of the other members. And I just want to register my displeasure with this process this morning not letting Members fully speak.    As the chairman said, we are continuing to examine the issue of inactivation and whether we have the proper scientific understanding and processes to ensure pathogens are inactivated by shipping or releasing them. Of course, this gained public attention following the Army's Dugway Proving Ground incident, where researchers for years had been shipping live anthrax to labs across the world inadvertently.    Researchers must inactivate pathogens for a variety of reasons. For example, Federal agencies, universities, and others inactivate disease-causing agents so that vaccine development and diagnostic testing can occur in lower safety labs. This work is critical for promoting medical advancements and bolstering public health preparedness. It is part of this committee's ongoing bipartisan efforts to accelerate the path of cures and medical breakthroughs.    But as valuable as this research may be, it can also be very dangerous. All of the agencies here today share the responsibility for making sure that harmful pathogens are being handled without posing a risk to the public. Now it is true we have all taken the inactivation events we are talking about today very seriously. I know all of the agencies here have been acting to try to implement reforms to ensure that past mistakes aren't repeated. I am eager to hear about those efforts, but I also want to know what more needs to be done to address the possible risk to public health.    The GAO is here to testify about their body of work, and what they have done is identify a number of issues around the reporting and referral of incidents regarding incomplete inactivation. For example, the number of incidents of incorrect inactivation is unknown. The GAO found that the Select Agent Program failed to identify at least 11 inactivation incidents in the last 12 years. How many more are there? We don't know.    I am really interested in hearing from the witnesses about their plans to implement the GAO's recommendations and how we can go further. I am also interested to hear about the scientific gaps that exist for the inactivation process for pathogens. High containment labs across the country still have not adopted a uniform approach to the inactivation of dangerous pathogens, which of course increases the risk that this may happen again.    This is something we just simply have to get right. And so I think research is really important to national security and the process of working with these pathogens must minimize all potential risk. I guess we are lucky that nobody has been injured or killed from exposure to these agents in the last few years, but just because we have had good luck doesn't mean that we should take this for granted. And I know nobody here does. I know nobody here does.    So I am looking forward to working with everybody here and I am looking forward to working with you and the other members of the committee, Mr. Chairman, to make sure that in fact we get this right. With that I will submit the rest of my statement for the record and the other opening statements of the other Democratic members.    Ms. DeGette. Thanks.    In reviewing the GAO's August 2016 report, there is now six additional recommendations to improve oversight of these high containment laboratories in the Select Agent Program. And we have seen a number of recommendations, you know, I have been on this subcommittee 20 years, so over the last 10 years we have seen a number of recommendations that were always trying to improve on the program.    And so having seen this over all these years, I have to ask. Does the existing structure with responsibilities spread across the different agencies really provide the oversight we need despite ongoing efforts? So I want to ask you a couple of questions about this, Dr. Persons. Successfully addressing the six recommendations is going to require considerable coordination across several agencies; is that correct?    Dr. Persons. That is correct.    Ms. DeGette. Do you believe that can be achieved, and if so, how?    Dr. Persons. I believe that it is possible to do coordination. Of course, GAO does a good deal of work not just on this topic but on Government coordination in general. I would simply say often coordination's easy to conceive of, sometimes challenging to do on these things. And I think as our recommendations show, we had key things that we found to try and address that; coordination being essential to most if not all of them.    Ms. DeGette. In earlier work you found that existing oversight of high containment laboratories is, quote, fragmented, at times duplicative, and relies on self-policing, end quote; is that correct?    Dr. Persons. That's correct.    Ms. DeGette. And given these ongoing efforts, I guess I am wondering if you believe the current structure provides adequate oversight with the adjustments that people are testifying about here today, or rather do we need a single oversight entity for this program?    Dr. Persons. So thank you for the question, Ms. DeGette. I think that the current system, it's important to go back and answer this in context. The way the Federal Select Agent Program evolved really goes back to the post-Oklahoma City bombing and then it layered in with legislation through the Patriot Act in post-9/11 and so on. And I think what was important, and this was confirmed by several of our experts that we spoke with, is just the context of biosecurity vis-a-vis biosafety, overimposed against, I mean.    So I think there is work to be done in the biosafety arena and, one, since inactivation is largely a biosafety related issue and I think it, as one type of incident, I think it exposed the challenges in the regulatory structure which is largely built around select agents, meaning those things that were a concern or a threat in a national homeland security sense.    Ms. DeGette. So to reiterate my question, given those challenges that you just described and the time frame, do you think it would be practicable to have a new, single oversight entity for oversight of these high containment labs?    Dr. Persons. Well, ma'am, we're right now, as you know for this committee, on our follow-on work companion to this we are looking at a comparative structure and we'll be able to say more in an evaluative sense about the sufficiency and the efficacy of what we're doing. We're looking internationally with partners who do this.    Ms. DeGette. So you don't--excuse me. You don't have a conclusion about whether we would need a single entity or not yet, but you are working on it. Is that fair?    Dr. Persons. I believe it would be a thing to seriously consider given the need in terms of again the biosafety domain and inculcating that.    Ms. DeGette. OK. Are there ways short of a single entity to better centralize the oversight and regulation of the Select Agent Program and high containment labs?    Dr. Persons. I'm not able to comment on that other than working within the existing system on our recommendations to make it better, which we do, as the various witnesses have testified here.    Ms. DeGette. Thank you. I would like to ask the rest of the witnesses what they think about this concept of a centralized agency to oversee this program. Dr. Sosin.    Ms. DeGette. Right, but you could authorize some agency to oversee it. Hi, I am Congress. Congress could authorize that. Do you think that is a good idea, yes or no?    Ms. DeGette. OK.    Dr. Monroe?    Ms. DeGette. So we would have to set it up.    Dr. Davidson.    Ms. DeGette. Mr. Potts.    Ms. DeGette. And you think we can coordinate enough to make it work?    Ms. DeGette. General Holcomb.    MG Holcomb. Within DoD we have done that work. We've consolidated oversight over all of the DoD labs regardless of service, so for us that's what makes sense.    Ms. DeGette. Thank you. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.