    Mr. Westerman. Thank you, Madam Chair, and I would also like to commend the panel today for your very informative testimony and also for the zeal that you have in working in cybersecurity, and I believe it's, you know, potentially the war of the future that we're fighting here in cybersecurity, and I'm from Arkansas, and just for personal reasons, Mr. Clinton, do you have any Arkansas ties just out of curiosity? Okay. And I've been listening to the testimony and the answers to the questions. I've got a 20-year-old college student, and I had a fascinating conversation over Christmas, and you guys were talking about how millennials are always connected, and he was telling me that that's a huge consideration where you take a job now, what the connectivity's feed is, you know, and that wasn't something we considered when I was getting out of college but it played a big key in where they would go to work and where they would eventually live. So I know we're in this connected world now.    To follow up on Mr. Swalwell's question, he was talking about being on offense and the prosecution, but from the technology side, is it all defensive or are there proactive ways to combat hackers before they make their attack?    Mr. Westerman. And also just to briefly follow up on a question that Ms. Bonamici was talking about as far as developing new workers for the cybersecurity workforce. Are your companies seeing a workforce shortage? Do you foresee a lot of growth for the future in that? Mr. Wood?    Mr. Westerman. All right.    Mr. Westerman. And Madam Chair, I'm out of time but I would like to plug our Congressional app challenge and encourage all Members to promote that in their district because it does help develop a new workforce for cybersecurity and a lot of other areas.    Chairwoman Comstock. Thank you, Mr. Westerman, and I will also join you in plugging that. I know it's on our website and our Facebook page, and I think the date is January 15th when things are due, right?    Mr. Westerman. Unless you extend it.    Chairwoman Comstock. Now I recognize Mr. Abraham.