    Chairman Babin. The Subcommittee on Space will come to order.    Without objection, the Chair is authorized to declare recesses of the Subcommittee at any time, and welcome to today's hearing titled ``Are We Losing the Space Race to China?''    I now recognize myself for five minutes for an opening statement.    After the Columbia accident, President George W. Bush sought to revitalize our nation's space program by challenging NASA to return to the Moon and then chart a course to Mars. Steady advances were made towards those goals with strong Congressional support for the Constellation program.    NASA made solid progress towards the development of the Ares I and Ares V vehicles. The Commercial Cargo program was initiated and the International Space Station neared completion.    All of that success came to a screeching halt when President Obama was sworn in. His fiscal year 2010 budget request slashed well over a billion dollars from the exploration budget.    He then tasked a blue ribbon commission to evaluate NASA's current plans. The panel found that the original plan was not executable, something that should have come as no surprise given the Obama Administration's budget cut. President Obama cancelled Constellation in its next budget request, redirected even more money to Earth Science to support its radical political agenda, and then guaranteed dependence on Russia for access to space for an extended period of time, which is still ongoing.    So what does this have to do with China? Well, this vacuum of leadership has led not only to extended dependence on Russia for access to space, but also facilitated the ascendance of China as a leading spacefaring nation. China has capitalized on this Administration's weakness by offering partnerships with other nations on missions, like a return to the Moon, which the United States chose to walk away from.    Rather than charting a bold course that inspires the international community to engage with us, the Obama Administration has alienated historic allies and potential partners alike. Only because of Congress is NASA building deep space exploration capabilities.    Unfortunately, the administration refuses to let NASA show any detailed plans for a Journey to Mars beyond a PowerPoint chart. China, on the other hand, has demonstrated a willingness to answer calls for collaboration with open arms. This has clearly strengthened their soft power and international standing.    China's near-term plans for space exploration continue their nation's philosophy of steady and measured progress, but their long-term goals are very ambitious. They have already placed astronauts in orbit five times, launched a space station, and placed a rover on the Moon. They have announced plans for a larger space station, a first-of-a-kind mission to the far side of the Moon, and potentially a manned mission to the Moon in the 2030s.    The Administration's abdication of leadership in space exploration has significant consequences. If we do not lead, someone else will. Leadership in space means security, technological prowess, and innovation. Our future prosperity depends on our leadership in space. If we do not lead, we will not set the terms and condition for those who follow.    When the United States explores and embarks on adventures of discovery, we take with us our ideologies and our principles. I, for one, want to ensure that space becomes a domain of freedom and liberty, not autocracy and oppression. If we do not lead, we will weaken our partnerships. I want countries to embark with us into the cosmos, rather than team with China as a last resort.    The Obama Administration has already told the Europeans that they are not interested in their Moon Village proposal. They've tried to walk away from their commitments to the Germans on SOFIA and actually abandoned ExoMars. International partners have memories. They also have options.    China is building a resume of accomplishments that positions them as a viable alternative. Given their recent provocative actions in the South China Sea, and the longstanding oppression of their own people, we should all be wary of perpetuating conditions that push other nations to partner with China.    Furthermore, we should ensure that any U.S. cooperation with China in space is mutually beneficial, appreciates the risk of technology exploitation, and fits into a larger strategic perspective that recognizes Chinese provocation.    Aside from recent tensions in the South China Sea, China also threatens our nation's cyber security. Couple that with their irresponsible antisatellite tests, one is hard-pressed to find a reason to reward their behavior with increased cooperation. We may not be in a space race with China. We may not even be competing with China in space, but the strategic choices we make clearly impact China's space capabilities, something that we should all pay attention to given that China's civil space activities are inseparable from their military.    I look forward to our witnesses' testimony today, and I thank them for appearing.    Chairman Babin. I now recognize the Ranking Member, the gentlewoman from Maryland, for an opening statement.    Chairman Babin. Thank you, Ms. Edwards.    And I now recognize the Chairman of our full Committee, Chairman Smith.    Chairman Babin. Thank you. I appreciate it, Mr. Chairman.    Okay. Now we'll move on to--I don't see our Ranking Member here so I want to introduce our witnesses at this time.    The first one is the Hon. Dennis C. Shea, our first witness today. He is Chairman of the U.S.-China Economic Security Review Commission. He was reappointed by Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell for a term expiring December 31st, 2016, and Mr. Shea's government service began in 1988 when he joined the Office of Senate Republican Leader Bob Dole as Counsel and subsequently becoming the Senator's Deputy Chief of Staff in the Office of the Senate Majority Leader. He's an attorney with more than 25 years of experience in government, in public policy, and the Founder of Shea Public Strategies LLC, a public affairs firm based in Alexandria, Virginia. Mr. Shea received his J.D. and an M.A. in history and a B.A. in government from Harvard University.    Mr. Mark Stokes, our second witness today, Executive Director of the Project 2049 Institute. Previously, he was Vice President and Taiwan Country Manager for Raytheon International and later, Founder and President of Quantum Pacific Enterprises, an international consulting firm. Mr. Stokes has also served as Team Chief and Senior Country Director of the People's Republic of China, Taiwan and Mongolia in the Office of Assistant Secretary of Defense for International Security Affairs. He holds a B.A. from Texas A&M University and graduate degrees in international relations and Asian studies from Boston University and the Naval Postgraduate School. Thank you for being here.    Mr. Dean Cheng, our third witness today, Senior Research Fellow in the Asian Studies Center at the Heritage Foundation. Prior to joining the Heritage Foundation, he was a Senior Analyst with the China Studies Division at the Center for Naval Analysis from 2001 to 2009. He specialized on Chinese military issues with a focus on Chinese military doctrine and space capabilities. He has written a number of papers and book chapters examining various aspects of Chinese security affairs including the Chinese military doctrine, the military and technological implications of the Chinese space program, and Chinese concepts of political warfare. Mr. Cheng earned a bachelor's degree in politics from Princeton University. Thank you for being here.    And then our final witness today is Dr. James Lewis, Senior Vice President and Program Director for the Strategic Technologies program at the Center for Strategic and International Studies, or CSIS. Prior to joining CSIS, Dr. Lewis worked at the Departments of State and Commerce as a Foreign Service Officer and as a member of the Senior Executive Service. His government experience included work on a range of political, military and Asian security issues as a negotiator on conventional-arms transfers and advanced military technology, and in developing policies for satellite exports, encryption, and the internet. Dr. Lewis received his Ph.D. from the University of Chicago.    So I now recognize Mr. Shea for five minutes to present his testimony. Mr. Shea.    Chairman Babin. Thank you, Mr. Shea.    I now recognize Mr. Stokes for five minutes to present his testimony. Mr. Stokes.    Chairman Babin. Thank you, Mr. Stokes.    Now I recognize Mr. Cheng for five minutes to present his testimony.    Chairman Babin. Thank you very much, Mr. Cheng.    I now recognize Dr. Lewis for five minutes to present his testimony.    Chairman Babin. Thank you very much, Dr. Lewis.    I thank all the witnesses for their testimony. I now recognize myself for five minutes.    Mr. Cheng, a July article in the Wall Street Journal reported that the Director General of the European Space Agency was open to the idea of cooperating with China onboard the International Space Station. China's long-term lunar plans are also consistent with Europe's lunar village concept. President Obama cancelled the Constellation program that would have returned the United States to the Moon and take astronauts onto Mars. In a speech announcing the cancellation, he argued against returning to the Moon by stating ``We've been there before,'' rather arrogantly, I thought.    The NASA Administrator has stated the U.S. does not have to be the country that says we're going, follow us, we're all going back to the surface of the Moon, but it's just that the United States has no intention of leading that effort. We will support and be along with anybody that goes.    The National Academy of Sciences' report, ``Pathways to Exploration,'' indicated that returning to the Moon would offer significant advantages as an intermediate step to Mars. It appears as though the Administration's policies are pushing our allies to cooperate with China rather than with us. Furthermore, it appears as though China may be adopting a more robust architecture for future exploration than the one proposed by this Administration.    What impact does that have on our nation's economic competitiveness, international standing, and national security?    Chairman Babin. Thank you very much.    And now, Mr. Stokes, Mr. Shea's testimony highlights that the Chinese military and civil space programs are tightly intertwined. Some of you have already alluded to this. But I would like to hear it again. If not the same organization, they're tightly intertwined.    Some argue for increased cooperation with China on civil space. Could this be done without directly benefiting Chinese military capabilities?    Chairman Babin. Amen. Okay. Thank you. Thank you very much.    And now, current U.S. plans called for a crewed mission to Mars in the 2030s, and from what we can tell, the Chinese plan to land a crew on the Moon in the same time frame. U.S. space exploration efforts have been characterized by uncertainty lately, particularly in the wake of the Administration's cancellation of Constellation, that would have returned the United States to the Moon no later than 2020 if the Administration had not raised NASA's exploration budget. Conversely, China has been fairly successful in accomplishing the goals that it sets for its space program, and Mr. Shea, in 15 years, could we find ourselves watching a Chinese astronaut land on the Moon when we are years away from a U.S. Mars mission and no capability to return to the Moon?    Chairman Babin. Okay. Thank you. And I think we'll go to the next question. Ms. Edwards, the gentlewoman from Maryland.    Chairman Babin. Thank you very much.    I now recognize the gentleman from Alabama, Mr. Brooks.    Chairman Babin. Thank you, Mr. Brooks.    I now recognize the gentleman from Virginia, Mr. Beyer.    Mr. Chair, I yield back.    Chairman Babin. Yes, sir. Thank you, Mr. Beyer.    I now recognize the gentleman from Oklahoma, Mr. Bridenstine.    Chairman Babin. The gentleman's time is expired. Thank you.    I now recognize the gentlewoman from Texas, Ms. Johnson.    Chairman Babin. Thank you.    I recognize the gentleman from California, Mr. Knight.    Chairman Babin. Yes, sir.    I now call on the gentleman from Colorado, Mr. Perlmutter.    Chairman Babin. Thank you, Mr. Perlmutter.    Now I recognize the gentleman from Ohio, Mr. Davidson.    Chairman Babin. Yes, sir.    Chairman Babin. Yes, sir. Thank you very much, Mr. Davidson.    Chairman Babin. You sure can. Go ahead.    Chairman Babin. Thank you, Mr. Perlmutter.    This concludes this hearing. It's been very informative, very educational. I want to thank the witnesses profusely for their valuable testimony and the members for your questions. The record will remain open for two weeks for additional comments and written questions from the members.    So this hearing is adjourned.