    Ms. DeGette. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman, for convening this hearing today.    As you noted, the opioid epidemic is nothing short of a public health crisis. In 2013, prescription painkillers were involved in over 16,000 overdose deaths, and heroin was involved in an additional 8,257 deaths. Over 2.1 million Americans live with a prescription opioid addiction while 467,000 Americans are addicted to heroin. These are devastating numbers, and they have been trending upwards for far too long.    These numbers only paint a partial picture of the heavy toll of the epidemic in our society. Throughout this country, countless families and communities have been shattered by opioid abuse, misuse and addiction. It is time that we really truly pursue best practices supported by scientific research that will reverse this problem.    Recent advances in science have shown us that addiction is a disease of the brain. This demands that we approach the problem not only as a public safety issue but also as a public health issue. Yes, we must stop drug smugglers and crack down on pill mills, but we also must work with prescribers to educate them and prevent the over-prescription of opioids for pain management. And most importantly, we must improve our ability to identify and treat people with substance abuse disorders.    In 2013, for example, only 1 in 10 Americans with a substance abuse disorder received any form of treatment. That is just unacceptable, and we should be asking why so few Americans are accessing the treatment they need.    Research indicates that medication-assisted treatment, or MAT, combined with counseling is the most effective way to treat opioid addiction. Studies further demonstrate that MAT reduces the risk of drug overdoses, infectious disease transmission, and engagement in criminal activities.    Despite this track record, in 2013, MATs were available in only 9 percent of substance abuse treatment facilities nationwide. Even more troubling are reports that some treatment facilities that adopt an abstinence-based approach to drug treatment do not allow patients to take MATs while enrolled in their programs. According to experts, a high percentage of opioid addicts in abstinence-based treatment return to opioid abuse within 1 year, and as you said, Mr. Chairman, even within a few weeks. Given the limited success of these programs in promoting long-term recovery in opioid addicts, we must ask some hard questions regarding how we should be spending our limited resources for treatment.    Finally, we know that patients with substance abuse disorders continue to face significant barriers to treatment. For example, right now there is a nationwide shortage of qualified substance abuse providers, particularly people who can prescribe MATs. Recent press reports also suggest that patients face long waiting lists for admission into treatment facilities, and according to the American Society of Addiction Medicine, both State Medicaid programs and private insurers have policies in place that are limiting patients' access to MATs. We need to better understand these barriers and what we can do at the federal level to address them.    There are some reasons for optimism, however. First, the Affordable Care Act has expanded access to substance abuse treatment for millions of Americans. Insurance companies are now required to provide coverage of treatment for substance abuse disorders just as they would for any chronic disease. These policies represent the largest extension of treatment access in a generation, and hopefully they will guide millions into successful recovery.    Second, we do have some sense of what works. Some of our witnesses today who have firsthand knowledge on what strategies are effective to treat and prevent substance abuse will talk about that. They know what has worked in their communities, and we need to have them help us inform the national discussion.    I do want to thank our witnesses today, Mr. Chairman. We have asked all of you to attend this hearing because of the important work that you are doing to raise drug awareness, break down the stigmas long associated with substance abuse disorders, and put people on the path to recovery.    Finally, Mr. Chairman, your continued oversight on this issue gives me reason to be optimistic that this committee can play a role in turning the tide. You have indicated your intention to conduct a series of hearings on this topic, and I am certainly glad to be your partner in this inquiry.    To that end, I suggest that our next hearing focus on state responses to the epidemic. There is significant variation from state to state on treatment quality, access and coverage. Some states are making progress but some are not, and we should hear the best practices. We also need to hear from federal agencies on these same topics.    This committee has an opportunity to make a meaningful difference in addressing the problem, and I am welcoming all of our joint efforts.    And with that, Mr. Chairman, I just want to let the witnesses know, this committee has a bill on the floor right now, so I have to run down and make a statement on the floor. I am leaving us in the capable hands of Mr. Kennedy, and I will be back after my statement. Thank you.    Ms. DeGette. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    Dr. Banta-Green, I was very interested in your testimony that when somebody becomes addicted to opiates, there are actually changes in their brain. Is that right? And I am assuming, Dr. Melton, you would agree with that as well from your testimony. You need to answer.    Ms. DeGette. Thank you. And so Dr. Banta-Green, I think this is why you are saying that somebody who is addicted to opiates, the best treatment is not just to have counseling or a 12-step program for most patients; they also need to have something to sort of rejigger their brain. Is that right? That is not a scientific term, by the way.    Ms. DeGette. Right.    Ms. DeGette. And would you agree with that, Dr. Melton?    Ms. DeGette. And so what we have learned is, and we have been referring to this, there was a recent article that said that abstinence-based treatment only works in about 10 percent of opiate addicts. Would you agree with that, Dr. Banta-Green?    Ms. DeGette. But it is a low percentage, right?    Ms. DeGette. OK.    Ms. DeGette. Yes, but the best protocol would be for these folks to have the option to have the medication-assisted treatment, the MAT, plus the counseling that Dr. Melton talked about?    Ms. DeGette. And were you aware that the MAT treatment was only available in about 9 percent of all substance abuse treatment facilities nationwide?    Ms. DeGette. And Dr. Melton, were you aware of that too?    Ms. DeGette. OK. And Mr. Brason?    Ms. DeGette. Now, Dr. Melton, you probably see this in your practice. One of the biggest problems that we have with the lack of the MAT treatment is in rural areas. Is that true in the areas where you practice?    Ms. DeGette. And Mr. Brason, you are nodding your head. Are you seeing that too?    Ms. DeGette. Now, I am hearing from folks--and you know, for those of us who are concerned about over-prescription of opiates, who are concerned about young people getting addicted to heroin and other opiates, the idea of substituting one for another like with methadone or other drugs, that sort of goes against our instincts, but in fact, I guess I will ask this question: Is the use of those medications simply replacing one addiction with another, Dr. Banta-Green?    Ms. DeGette. And Dr. Melton talked about how if you can get folks into adequate treatment with the MATs, then with the counseling, she said the goal would be sort of a 2-year process. One is to get them to be stabilized and thinking, and the other one is to get them off. Would you agree with that type of thought?    Ms. DeGette. OK.    Ms. DeGette. So Dr. Melton, what would you say about my question about is the use of these medications simply replacing one addiction for another?    Ms. DeGette. OK.    Ms. DeGette. And for some people, they don't even need the MATs, right?    Ms. DeGette. And you agree with that too, Mr. Brason?    Ms. DeGette. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. DeGette. I will follow up on what Ms. Brooks was just asking Mr. Fitz.    We have some drug courts in Denver too and actually the Denver district attorney is a good friend of mine, Mitch Morrissey. I don't know if you know him. But one thing----    Ms. DeGette. But one thing that drug courts do is, they will order people to go--I mean, one reason we have drug courts is exactly the problem that you talked about I think in response to Mr. Mullin's question. You see so much recidivism with drug abusers, right?    Ms. DeGette. I mean, it is a terrible problem. So one reason they have started drug courts is so that we can find a way to do the different kinds of treatment that all of the experts here talked--every single expert said it is not just a one-shot deal with people who get addicted to these opiates. Since it changes your brain, different people need types of treatment. But something that is unique about drug courts is that they are trying to send these offenders to programs. They are not just saying to folks, OK, now go get clean. I mean, they send them into programs, right?    Ms. DeGette. Right.    Ms. DeGette. Right, and that includes programs, which they may be given these medications, right?    Ms. DeGette. Dr. Banta-Green, you are nodding your head here. Did you want to talk about that?    Ms. DeGette. Right.    Ms. DeGette. And you might see less recidivism too.    Ms. DeGette. Just one more thing, Mr. Chairman. The Department of Justice has actually said in its discretionary grant program for drug courts that drug courts need to use these medication-assisted programs as part of it because it really is medicine, not drug addiction, and I guess I would like to put that into the record, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. DeGette. And let me just say, I really appreciate this panel coming. Congresswoman Brooks and I were saying during the vote how extremely helpful we thought all of your testimony was, so thank you, and I yield back.