    Ms. Chester Lamb. Thank you, Chairman Duncan, Ranking Member Sires, and members of the committee for your leadership and attention to this matter to Americans and throughout the United States. We have been waiting a long time.    My name is Carolyn Chester. I live in Omaha, Nebraska. I am a single, divorced mother of one teenaged son. And I have been the sole supporter of my family since 2010. I have a modest house. I live a modest lifestyle. And I drive a 16-year-old car.    I represent my family's claim, number 1704. My father was Edmond Chester, and he was the director of CBS News. But most of you probably have never heard of him. My father supervised famed reporters, such as Edward R. Murrow, Eric Sevareid, and Howard K. Smith, all recognizable names, but not his.    My father a true patriot and combatted communism as a soldier in World War I and an executive with CBS when he worked with our State Department's Office of Inter-American Affairs' Voice of America. When the Communists took Cuba, they also took over the radio stations, TV stations, newspapers, and they were able to manipulate and rewrite history. That is when the lies an slanders of those who were in Cuba before 1959 started.    My father's best friends were all patriots, and one of them was my godfather, General T. McInerney, who served as lieutenant colonel under General Eisenhower's staff and the director of public relations for the U.S. Department of Justice. Excuse me, I am a little nervous.    I was just 6 months old when my family's properties were taken. So I refer to the letter that my father wrote to the Foreign Claims Settlement Commission, which explains the circumstances. Their property was actually taken in January 1959, before Castro created laws to make it legal to steal. They took an 80-acre farm from the Isle of Pines, Cuban telephone stock, our cars, jewelry, furniture and all our personal possessions that were in our apartment in Miramar. My parents spoke frequently about Cuba and what happened to them, and they thought justice would be served during their lifetime, but it was not.    There was a time that our legislators and fellow Americans cared, but with time and memories passing, the confiscation has faded. It is almost as if the event has been erased from time and history. However, this still happened. It is very real, personal to us and just because it happened a long time ago does not mean it didn't happen because it did.    I know from speaking to people about the U.S. certified claims that most don't understand anything about it, but it is very simple: We are Americans who were living, working investing in Cuba when the Communists took over and took our properties. We were not at war with Cuba, and this was the first time in U.S. history that American properties were expropriated during peacetime. Families lost their livelihoods and suffered financial ruin for the loss of their possessions. Castro didn't just confiscate out properties, but he also took the hopes, dreams that our parents once had for our future. Excuse me.    The confiscation also affected my father's health. I was only 11 years old when his health began to decline. I remember that my father was in and out of hospital many times over the years, and my mother took care of him for many years, always hoping that he would improve. But he did not. Edmund Chester died 1973 when I was 15 years old. I never really knew what he died from, but looking back at it, I think it was from the Cuban loss and the stress. It caused him a series of strokes, and he also suffered from bouts of confusion. I remember one incident when I was just a little girl. He was frightened because he thought Castro's henchmen were in the house wanting to kill him, but nobody was there.    So it was not until much later on in life that I understood why he was so scared. In 1959, a group of Castro's men shot at our home as they drove into our driveway. I remember hearing about this when I got older, and I also remember seeing the bullet holes wall in our wall of our family home in Mount Dora, Florida. So his paranoia was not unwarranted.    After my father passed away, my mother was left alone to raise her children without any source of income. My mother did the best she could, and in the end, she sold everything, including personal items to survive and support us. We never faulted her for selling our inheritance in order to make ends meet. And in the end, we were left with debt to pay back her creditors. We didn't abandon our properties. They were taken from us. And in many cases, claimants' properties were taken at gunpoint by Castro's soldiers.    We didn't have any warning by our Government that the new Cuban Government was planning to steal our properties, yet apparently Castro's manifesto was writ 10 years ago and published in Mexico. He threatened that he would do this, and he did. And our Government failed to protect us, and now some 55 years later, here we are defending our claims. We are Americans who were the victims and not the culprits.    The notion that claimants should discount their claims in order to make way for commerce is unacceptable. We are not responsible for the economic failures of the communism since we have already paid with our family fortunes. Furthermore, punitive damages for the pain and suffering that this has caused our families, along with 55 years of waiting, should have been included in this determination of the value of our claims.    All foreign businesses have 50/50 partnerships with the Cuban Government, so that means profits are being split. So the United Kingdom and Canada, who are our allies, have enacted laws to protect their Cuban investments from our Helms-Burton Act. When a foreign company operating in Cuba opts--pays their workers' salaries, it must all go to the Cuban Government, who keeps 96 percent of it, leaving their worker with a pittance of their salary, and so they are treated as slaves.    The Cuban Government also collects loss of money skimming off the remittence sent by Cuban Americans to their relatives in Cuba. The Cuban Government does have a way to pay us back. They just don't want to because they are used to taking.    I know that many will still think that the Cuban Government is poor, and that's fine. But you must realize that once the floodgates of trade with the U.S. opens, there will be means to pay us back, and we will accept payments, as long as it is paid back in full.    It is also very disturbing for me to hear that those working uncomfortably close with the Cuban Government--Americans--tell us that we should only get pennies to our dollar. It is well-known fact that the junta running Cuba has hired expert international accountants and lawyers to hide their fortune in offshore accounts that can never be traced. Our Office of Foreign Asset Control has collected billions and billions in fines from banks and businesses that broke our laws. So a portion of that money should have been used to pay back the Americans.    Another solution would be to get another entity to pay our debt. There are a lot of U.S. conglomerates that are biting at the bit to do business with the Cubans. And if they want to get rid of us because they cause an obstacle, they should just pay--buy our debts and deal with the Castros themselves because we have been dealing with it for 55 years.    There is also Cuban money that was frozen a long time ago that should have been part of the legislation. But that was admitted. All we want is our payment for our claims set by the Foreign Claims Settlement. And I think 55 years of a lifetime is waiting too long.    Thank you for your attention in this matter. I am finally feeling like someone gives a damn. God bless you.    Ms. Chester Lamb. Thank you.    Ms. Chester Lamb. Everyone talks about Cuba, and who is behind this, and the President wants freedom. Honest to goodness, it is U.S. businesses and their multinational subsidiaries that have spent hundreds and hundreds of thousands on attorneys to lobby to end the embargo. A lot of this is--the people behind it is big business. And guess what, we are just an obstacle; move us out of the way so they can make way for commerce. So that is the biggest obstacle is that we are up against big money, and you know how that usually goes.    So that's why I appreciate the fact that you all are actually here trying to find justice for us because, in all my research--and I have been doing this since 2008--it is just amazing how many people are actually U.S. businesses that are in Cuba investing right now because American lawyers that are experts have shown them the loopholes. This is how you can invest in Cuba now. Why? Because when the economy opens up and trade opens up, you will have a foothold.    If you notice, by now everyone does, that the Cuban Communists, they control monopolies, so it is a perfect situation for a U.S. business to go in there and do business with the Cuban Government because, therefore, they are in a monopoly, and they have no competition. There is a lot of big money that is behind this, and they would like to see us go away. And that, to me, is the biggest obstacle.    Ms. Chester Lamb. I would ask him why he responded to my email by calling me a Cuban exile. I'm an American. I am not Cuban.    Then I would ask him why he's not paying attention to the law the Foreign Claims Settlement Commission due diligence many, many years. My parents had to go through a lot of work to prove what their losses were. Why is that being ignored? Why have we been ignored for so long?    I am actually tired of this issue. I don't really want to sit here for months and months to figure this out. I want it to be figured out. I want us to be paid, and somebody else figure it out because right now there's 5,913 claimants that you are dealing with. So you don't really want to deal with 5,913 people, I don't think. So we need to be paid, and if somebody else can take that debt since we have been holding it for 56 years, then they can deal with the Cuban Government because we are tired of waiting.    Ms. Chester Lamb. You know, it is kind of hard to fight the Castro propaganda machine. When you take over newspapers, and televisions and radio stations, it is really hard to rewrite history or change people's mind.    Ms. Chester Lamb. Right, exactly.