    Mr. Griffith. Thank you very much.    Let me start, Mr. Secretary, in saying you were here a previous time and indicated, after hearing a number of us from coal country talk about the problems that we were having, that your team was willing to work with us. They sat down with us. They even come to my district. Very much appreciate it. And we have a symposium that we are working on to have some of your folks come in and talk to the people who are in the industry in the district to figure out where we go in the future. So I greatly appreciate that. I appreciate you have already commented on my favorite, chemical looping, and other technologies that are out there.    In regard to the R&D, the Mission Innovation initiative that was launched by the administration in November to try to accomplish global clean energy innovation is working with a number of countries, China, South Korea, India, Indonesia, and Germany, who also recognize that coal is an important part of their electric generation into the future, and they share our northern hemisphere air with us. And I am just wondering what we can do because they are looking at coal long term. How do you intend to work within the initiative to develop cleaner coal technologies domestically so that then we can support international efforts to do the same? Be brief, because I got lots of questions.    Mr. Griffith. Thank you. You are one of the few who has followed through when they have said something in the committee about helping or at least looking at the problem.    Mr. Griffith. Look, I recognize that and commend you for it and appreciate it.    Mr. Griffith. I do appreciate that, and I will come back to that in a minute.    I am also concerned, Gina McCarthy, the Administrator of the EPA, has said that she is still going to move forward with expending taxpayer resources, despite the Supreme Court's recent ruling staying implementation of the Clean Power Plan. Is DOE following the letter and spirit of the stay request and stopping any coordination on the State level when it comes to compliance with the Clean Power Plan?    Mr. Griffith. I appreciate that. Can you tell me how many carbon capture and storage commercial-scale power projects are up and running today?    Mr. Griffith. All right. Because talking about Boundary Dam, my understanding is that the project----    Mr. Griffith. OK. But my understanding is Boundary Dam is currently the only operating post-combustion capture system in the world. And the EPA relied on that to make its determination that CCS is adequately demonstrated for commercial power production. But I am reading all these articles that say they are only hitting about 40 percent of where they thought they would be. I am just wondering if you can say, is that accurate to your understanding? Are they doing better than hitting about 40 percent of what they projected?    Mr. Griffith. I think----    Mr. Griffith. I would just say that, while you would expect some, 40 percent seems awfully low. And I think it may take them a little bit longer than 3 years.