    Ms. Spencer. Thank you, Madam Chair, Dr. Adams, members of the committee. Thank you for inviting me to testify today. I welcome this opportunity to discuss our commitment to accountability and good stewardship of taxpayer dollars.    Today, 345,000 Senior Corps and AmeriCorps members are serving in 50,000 locations across the Nation. These dedicated Americans serve in tough conditions to meet pressing local needs like tutoring and mentoring at-risk youth, responding to disasters, supporting veterans and their families, and much, much more, all while recruiting millions of additional volunteers to serve alongside them and multiply their impact.    National Service invests in local solutions. It provides human capital support to increase the impact of nonprofits and faith-based organizations and other community organizations. Governor-appointed state service commissions decide where most of the AmeriCorps resources are invested. Local groups recruit, select, and supervise their members. Mayors and county leaders are also an important part of our partnerships at the local level.    Congress created our agency years ago to empower citizens, solve problems, and expand opportunity. Our agency is built on smart, commonsense principles, local control, competition, public-private partnership, and a focus on results. And it's working.    I share the committee's view that our agency has a responsibility to ensure Federal funds are well managed. That has been my priority from day one. We have built a culture of accountability and strong systems of monitoring and oversight. These systems are working.    Misconduct is very rare, but when it happens, we take strong action. Accountability is more than compliance. It also means achieving our mission. We are investing funds more effectively to drive community impact by using evidence, increasing competition, and measuring performance.    My written testimony details our comprehensive risk-based system to prevent and detect issues and enforce our rules. But let me list just a few to highlight.    We start before a grant is ever made by doing a financial scan and reviewing past performance. Every direct grant is monitored for fiscal and programmatic compliance. Every year our staff conducts a risk assessment of our entire portfolio of grants to inform our monitoring plan. Grantees identified as having risk receive site visits, desk reviews, and other types of audits. In fact, 3,200 have occurred in the last 5 years. If issues are discovered, we enforce our rules. That can mean requiring corrective action plans, placing funds on hold, reporting activities to the inspector general, or even suspending or terminating a grant.    In recent years we have strengthened our monitoring and oversight in many ways through expanded grantee and staff training, better use of financial data, increased control on fixed-amount grants, improvements to our grants management system, better communication with our grantees and members, and more.    Several initiatives currently underway, we have just recently hired a chief risk officer; the first in our agency's history and one of only a few positions like it in the Federal Government. This executive will lead an office that oversees all of our risk assessment programs, an integrated coordinated approach to better manage our resources and decision-making. We believe we are ahead of the curve in developing an enterprise risk management program to help us take a holistic view of risk.    We are updating our grant management IT system. A key component will be to enhance and validate our grantee risk model. This will enable us to move from compliance-focused monitoring to a more nimble and targeted risk-based approach.    Given the priority we place on accountability, we are deeply disappointed that a grantee authorized National Service participants to engage in prohibited activities. We immediately referred this matter to the inspector general for investigation. Once the results were known, we suspended the grantee from enrolling new members, directed them to hire an independent oversight monitor, and required them to take several other corrective actions. The inspector general stated our response was robust.    The IG concluded that the noncompliance was extremely limited in scope involving six of nearly 1,600 members serving under this particular grantee over three years. It is important to put that in perspective. That is six members out of more than 1 million National Service positions in the same period. In fact, since this subcommittee's hearing five years ago, there have been nearly 2 million AmeriCorps members and Senior Corps positions granted. Members have served 820 million hours. They have made an extraordinary contribution to our communities and our Nation.    I hope that my testimony today assures the committee of our commitment to accountability and our interest in doing more and making improvements where needed. We look forward to working with you to further strengthen the impact of National Service. And as I always ask members of Congress, I welcome your advice and your guidance. Thank you, Madam Chair.    Ms. Spencer. Good day, Mr. Scott. According to the IG's investigation that was very thorough and swift, it illustrated that there were six AmeriCorps members at a limited scope of time. I don't know that we can delineate the exact amount of time, but if we were pressed we would probably say, combined, maybe as much as 10 hours.    Ms. Spencer. Total.    Ms. Spencer. Well, AmeriCorps members' stipends vary. These are full-time members. They receive approximately $12,600 a year. It is a living stipend, not a living wage. And then followed up with a college scholarship of around $5,700 at the close of their commitment.    Ms. Spencer. Seventeen hundred.    Ms. Spencer. That is correct.    Ms. Spencer. Around $6 million, approximately 525 full-time AmeriCorps members.    Ms. Spencer. Were legal?    Ms. Spencer. So several things occurred. Several years ago there was dialogue by Email back and forth, but looking back at that, not very clear to me. It talked about reproductive services, other things. I think looking back, both parties, the grantee and our staff, could have been more clear. But yes, they were told that it was against the rules to provide abortion services.    Ms. Spencer. The inspector general report alludes to in writing that it appeared there was some conversation on their part with outside legal counsel. She might be able to speak to that a little bit better than me.    Ms. Spencer. Several things have occurred over the course of several weeks, so allow me just to share the entire picture.    Ms. Spencer. May I continue? I know we are out of time, Madam Chair.    Chairwoman Foxx. Yes, ma'am.    Ms. Spencer. Thank you. So during this time period of this particular grantee, coincidentally, happened to be up for a new grant, the start of a brand new grant. They were notified a few days ago through the regular grant process that they will not receive a new grant in this process based on our regular grant process.    Now, they have an existing grant that is ongoing. It terminates on July 31st. So they have received a letter this morning reminding them that their grant terminates on July 31st and instructing them to end the AmeriCorps member service at the New York site where the inappropriate activity occurred.    Now normally a grantee would ask for a no-cost extension for a year as a normal process. I am not inclined to grant them a no-cost extension. But if they meet all of our demands over the coming days as they close out this grant--hiring a monitor, an ombudsman, not enrolling new members, all of these things; there is a long list of requirements--I am amenable to entertaining the thought of a short-term extension for 90 days. If I did so it would mean that 500 AmeriCorps members get to complete their full term of service.    I want to look at the AmeriCorps members and try to say, should they be completing their terms of service, their commitment they made to our country. Above the actions of one or two individuals at the agency, at the Community Health Corps Administration? So I am amenable to looking into that. So that is the current status at this point.    Chairwoman Foxx. The gentleman's time has expired. The gentleman from Tennessee, Dr. Roe, is recognized.    Ms. Spencer. July 31st.    Ms. Spencer. No.    Ms. Spencer. They just applied for one which was denied, and they just received that. That was a $6 million request, a little over $6 million request, and they were denied that.    Ms. Spencer. Thank you for that question, Congressman. Fortunately, we have an amazing array of successes all over the country with 345,000 National Service participants during a day. I have the joy of seeing those all over the country in rural and cities and travel communities serving in disasters, education. And a success would be something like this. A program meets all of our requirements. They have filed their financial reports on time. They have strong audits. They have proper management and oversight. They have strong outcomes. They are measuring their performance and reporting to us what--that--our larger programs are doing--    Ms. Spencer. Absolutely.    Ms. Spencer. Thank you.    Chairwoman Foxx. Thank you, Dr. Roe. Dr. Adams, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Ms. Spencer. Thank you, Dr. Adams. I am sure you are still referencing the Community Health Corps or just in general review processes?    Ms. Spencer. For this particular.    Ms. Spencer. They did have a desk audit in 2014. So they are assigned a program officer as soon as they receive a grant from us. In this particular case, it is a direct grant that we are managing. It is not going through one of our Governor's Commissions on Volunteerism, which two-thirds of our grants are AmeriCorps grants, are managed through Governor's Commissions on Volunteerism. But this one is not. This is a direct grantor agency, so they are assigned a program officer.    That program officer reviews all of the terms and conditions with them. They provide direction to them to trainings, to opportunities to find information like on our Knowledge Network. We host nationwide trainings and regional trainings. They attend those. They do monthly check-ins. So it is a regular communication all the time. In this particular case, this grantee knew the rules.    Ms. Spencer. That's what is unfortunate.    Ms. Spencer. It happened and I read a string of Emails where there was communication back and forth. But if you look back today as sort of hindsight armchair quarterbacking, the language between the parties was sort of evasive. I think the parties should have just picked up the phone and say, what are you trying to do? Let us give you direct guidance. You may not do abortion services. That is not allowed according to the Serve America Act of which Congress has given us those rules.    So it looked like they were dancing around words and it was hard to understand. But they were told you could not perform abortion services.    Ms. Spencer. Uh-huh.    Ms. Spencer. No.    Ms. Spencer. Well, I think Congressman Roe makes a good point. You do have to look at the intent of an organization and how they are being managed. So I am concerned. What would guide my decision in the coming weeks would be are they following our demands? Are they meeting all of the requests that we have asked them to do of which the IG also made recommendations to us which we have adhered to? So I would watch and see. Are we working in good faith with one another? Are they being responsive? There are many things they could do to try to convince us that they will adhere to the rules.    Ms. Spencer. Oh, no, ma'am.    Ms. Spencer. As I understand it, an abortion doula. And this is things that I am learning about, too, but was seated with these women during the--    Ms. Spencer. I am sorry, what would--    Ms. Spencer. Well, you know, I looked at all of the other things that the Community Health Corps does. They do diabetes screenings. They do breastfeeding courses. They do well-baby care education. They do support to veterans, support for seniors. They do obesity prevention. You know, this is why it is a mystery to me why they had to focus on this particular issue. There are so many other things: financial literacy, helping people figure out what kind of healthcare is affordable and available to them. There is so many other avenues they could be serving in.    And in 2011, I was a grantee of this agency. I was receiving funds from this agency running the Florida Governor's Commission on Volunteerism. And I remember, Madam Chair Foxx, this hearing and watched with interest. It was no secret what was allowed and what was not allowed to any of us as a grantee. So, it was very clear at that time that they made the decision to change the wording for the member contract that allowed this activity to go on. So I am perplexed by that because all of us in the field understood the rules clearly.    Ms. Spencer. Yes, sir.    Ms. Spencer. That is correct.    Mr. Courtney.--to the activity that was the subject of the complaints. And you are really just depriving low-income patients, elderly patients. Actually, in Norwich, Connecticut, they provide services to some veterans in terms of dental care that are not covered by the VA.    So, I mean, let's not shoot the bystander here in terms of, you know, overreacting to this problem that was identified. And I hope you keep that in mind as you sort of evaluate the next steps here.    Again, the surgical remedies that have been put into place are totally appropriate and that's your job. But, again, sort of an across the board chainsaw through, you know, community health centers I think really undercuts the mission of the AmeriCorps law. I do not know if you want to react to that, but I really think we got to put this in perspective.    Ms. Spencer. Thank you for that input and I concur. Hopefully, in the future we will find more organizations like this agency that is interested in our grants. So you make fine points on it. I agree.    Ms. Spencer. Yeah.    Ms. Spencer. I recently saw Greg at a training we did, a regional training. And he gave me an update on that vet coffeehouse because he had told me about his plans over a year ago. And I am very pleased that you recognize them. We are leaning in on veterans and military family members heavily because there is great need there.    Ms. Spencer. Thank you, Congressman Guthrie. I wanted to point out that we looked at all of the grants over the last couple of years and what actions we have been taken. And I made a short list for the committee if it's helpful. We have had 26 debarments, two suspensions. We have recovered $2 million in grant funds and we have had 52 mutually agreed terminations. So it is certainly something we don't take lightly. You know, we are co-investing with these organizations who start out well-meaning. Many of them are faith organizations, veterans' organizations, local nonprofits, charities, local governments, education, schools. And we start out with a good plan together and we review them to see if they are worthy of a Federal investment. And we go through a lot of criteria to see if they are.    So when we find, and these generally, there are exceptions, but generally for AmeriCorps we are looking at 3-year commitments. So we go into a relationship for 3 years. When we find that the grantees are not performing at the highest level, that's when we start interventions. That is when you do the desk audits. That is when you do more monitoring. On occasion, if needed, we will ask for our annual audit report. We will put them on the list for the inspector general to audit. Unfortunately, the inspector general does not have all the resources to audit all of our requests, but they do a very good job of doing what they can with what resources they have.    So we want them to succeed.    Ms. Spencer. I mean, we are in this together,--    Ms. Spencer. Yes.    Ms. Spencer. I would say--    Ms. Spencer. That was a tough one because they did provide services to local residents, but they were not in the original agreement for veterans.    Ms. Spencer. So the fact they did provide services is one thing, but that was a tough one.    Ms. Spencer. Yes, ma'am, we have.    Ms. Spencer. Thank you very much. When we have a grantee that does not follow the rules, it does take a lot of energy of the organization, sadly, at some of the highest level personnel, including our general counsel, including our chief of grants, including our AmeriCorps director. But that's our job--    Ms. Spencer. Thank you so much, Congressman. After some of those disasters I actually toured in your district to see the work of our National Service participants and I appreciate you calling out their success. We have responded over the last several years to 200 natural disasters and some manmade disasters across the country. So we are very busy. We have individuals deployed right now in communities across the country.    This is an area that is very personal to me. I led the volunteer and donations response for Governor Bush in 2004 and 2005, when we had eight major disasters over a 2-year period and about 250,000 volunteers, including thousands of National Service participants who were leading the way there. So this is very personal to me.    We have a robust disaster program. We have trained virtually every governor's commission on how to be engaged with their State emergency manager using National Service participants in their response and volunteers working closely with their local volunteer organizations active in disasters, their faith-based organizations that are working in disasters. We have trained a cadre of individuals all over the country. At any given time, we have got over 3,000 AmeriCorps members ready to respond, ready to be deployed, redeployed, mobilized across the country. We worked with the private sector on this. And during Hurricane Sandy we actually had Southwest Airlines move AmeriCorps members quickly across the country so they could get in and be deployed along with about 400 AmeriCorps members.    We have FEMACorps now who are serving, young people 18 to 24, who are serving alongside FEMA professionals. They are doing amazing work and they are learning now how to become professional disaster responders. And they are moving into careers in government and in nonprofits with disaster response. So we are not only helping the individual communities. We are training a new cadre of Americans to serve in this area. And emergency managers both local and State and Federal across the country have told me this is a gap that they have in professionals, and they have a lot of professionals retiring, like many sectors, and they need young people pursuing disaster response as a career and many of our young people are pursuing technology, but we need more in this area of public service.    So I am very excited about this. Whenever we have a major disaster, I generally go personally, stop what I am doing, travel to that district within 10 to 14 days so that I can speak with local authorities and make sure that we are responding swiftly and see what else we can do. I meet with elected officials in the area. I have been all over the country in disasters and I bring with me the experience I brought from Florida and all of the service we did and how to train individuals to respond with appropriate volunteer and donations response. So thanks for pointing them out. We are doing a lot. We have a robust program and we want to do more.    Ms. Spencer. Thank you for those remarks.    Chairwoman Foxx. Thank you, Mr. Polis. Now, Mr. DeSaulnier, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Ms. Spencer. Thank you so much, Congressman. I think it would be too strong to say that there should be an accepted amount of risk. And I come from this from my experience in Florida managing about 45 AmeriCorps grants all over the State, about 1,800 AmeriCorps members at any given time and we had strong grantees. We had, during my watch, no fraud. I can't recall any waste. Did we--we were focused on are we investing the resources in the right areas? For example, I had a grantee, a long-term grantee, that was providing education programs in an area that was improving in their education success. So we moved those resources to another area that was struggling. So as you see success, right, you shift your resources.    Ms. Spencer. That is not fraud, waste, or abuse. That is just smart management.    Ms. Spencer. So I would not be able to say that there is some kind of accepted risk. I do not think that is a path that we should consider. The inspector general and I agree on--    Ms. Spencer. Uh-huh.    Ms. Spencer. I see.    Ms. Spencer. And I think that--I was going to say and this pertains to this, the inspector general and I agree on a lot more than we disagree on.    Ms. Spencer. And she is right. We need improvements in our IT. We need improvements in our internal controls. We hope Enterprise Risk Management is going to help us. We hope that our new chief risk officer, our first in our agency's history, is going to lead us and guide us. We need to take this advice and counsel. We are down, quite frankly, a lot of this comes to money, We are down $6 million over the last six years in our salaries and expenses line. So at some point, we have got to look very hard at where we are shifting our resources. So it's an important to make. You have to make best decisions and the most cost-effective decisions. And I think that was where you were going.    Ms. Spencer. During my time.    Chairwoman Foxx. Would you please tell me what specific steps you are now taking to ensure that your grantees and every participant in the programs are--every participant is clear about what conduct is and is not allowed. And I don't want you to use up my whole 5 minutes outlining every single one, but give me some as specific as you can and then I am hoping to do a follow-up later to get more details from you.    Ms. Spencer. Can I ask for clarification?    Chairwoman Foxx. What are you doing to ensure your grantees and every participant is clear about what conduct is and is not allowed?    Ms. Spencer. Thank you. I think we are really leaning in hard on our training of all of our grantees across the country. We have implemented some regional trainings just at the last couple of years that we have gotten excellent feedback from. And virtually all of our medium to large grantees are attending. Even small grantees are attending. This year we will probably see over 2,000 grantees in four trainings. I attend all of these and I address all of the participants. The inspector general sends her staff there. This is one way. We now have--    Chairwoman Foxx. Just to clarify. All 2,000 go to four events each?    Ms. Spencer. So there is four regional. So we try to spread them out so travel costs are reduced. In this case, this year, four regional conferences. And we will see about 2,000 grantees. And these are the leaders. These are the people running the programs. It is important. They are listening to the rules. They are hearing what our expectations are. They are learning about accountability and oversight. The Inspector General brings her staff there. Their sessions are full. I have looked in on them.    We are talking about criminal history checks. We are talking about oversight to its fullest. We are talking about performance measures.    So we also now, and the Inspector General makes a good point about, can we do more to reach out directly to members? She makes an excellent point. I want to find more ways that we can do that. Since your last hearing, one of the things that--a good thing that came out of it, several good things, but one was that every AmeriCorps member receives a communication from us that stipulates very clearly what the prohibited activities are.    Chairwoman Foxx. Do they sign anything acknowledging that they have received that?    Ms. Spencer. I will get back to you on that.    Chairwoman Foxx. Okay, and you said 2,000 grantees. Who is left out of that? I mean, how many are not participating in those regional programs?    Ms. Spencer. I would have to get back to you on that to find out--    Chairwoman Foxx. And why not everyone?    Ms. Spencer. Well, that is a good point. In fact, in California, I went to the training conference with the Southwest United States, and I asked--California, of course, being our largest state. And the California commission director, who serves at the pleasure of the governor there, said all of her grantees in the entire State of California under her watch, except one, attended that training. And she was going to make sure that one received all the materials and instructions that the others received during their--now that is just one option. You know, each State commission--    Chairwoman Foxx. I am--we are about to run out of time.    Ms. Spencer. Okay.    Chairwoman Foxx. And I have one more question. I am going to ask you to detail tell me what steps you are taking. So is an annual assurance that a grantee is in compliance with regulations on prohibited activities currently part of the monitoring protocols? And if so, did the National Association of Community Health Centers make this assurance? If so, what good is the assurance if the grantees and sub-grantees are not faithfully adhering to the requirements of the law?    Ms. Spencer. We will certainly get back to you on that so that we can be assured of the correct answer. Absolutely.    Chairwoman Foxx. Okay, well, thank you very much. Ms. Jeffrey, I am going to submit some questions to you afterwards related to the Improper Payments Elimination Recovery Act and how the agency is not complying with that. And I know you have given us some information on this, so I would want to get back to you with that, okay?