    Mr. Gibbs. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and also Mr. Chairman, thank you for holding this hearing. I think this is good. It brings out in the public view what is happening, how it affects American agriculture, and what other countries are doing with their producers.    I want to talk about corn a little bit because I am from Ohio and I notice we were talking about cotton, but looking at Dr. Hudson's chart here at the $1 a bushel equivalent, about $10 compared to the United States. Well, first I want to say when Mr. King's discussion of subsidies ended, you are absolutely right in your answers because subsidies, these high subsidy rates like corn as the example, they are subsidizing inefficiency. And so the inefficient producers are going to be chased out of the market, and you hit that on the nail.    My question going into this is if we are looking at tariffs and trade and all that. How does this, like China for example, and corn with that high subsidy level and I assume the tariffs are having on our corn coming into that country. How does that inter-react with the tariffs with their subsidy? I don't know who wants to jump in.    Mr. Gibbs. Where is China on the corn exports, do you know?    Mr. Gibbs. Okay.    Mr. Gibbs. Okay. Mr. Thorn, this is a question that is not in your testimony but I want to see if you have any knowledge. I know South Africa, currently, has a de facto ban on U.S. pork exports, and the Administration is working with South Africa to open up their market. Are you familiar with this?    Mr. Gibbs. And are you sharing with the Committee what the status is, do you know?    Mr. Gibbs. Okay.    Mr. Gibbs. Yes, help eradicate the United States, especially with----    Mr. Gibbs. Yes. Well, typically you have seen the past countries--you put barriers up at the sanitary--with the barriers.    Mr. Gibbs. It is kind of de facto tariff.    Mr. Gibbs. Mr. Chairman, thanks for holding this. I think this is very interesting and also the discussion on the currency exchange rates. I think it has an impact on trade and how we move forward. So thank you. I yield back.    The Chairman. The gentleman yields back. Mr. Vela, 5 minutes? No questions? Mr. Crawford, 5 minutes.