    Mr. Brooks. I do. Acquisition reform is something that we need as a matter of good government, but I would submit further that it is very quickly becoming a matter of financial necessity. I am not sure if you have seen the kind of economic financial data that we have been seeing in Congress, but it has taken a dramatic turn for the worst.    By way of background, I was elected in 2010. Since 2010, one of the things that the Republicans in Congress could at least point to every single year the deficit got lower--i.e., better--still horrible at $439 billion, which was last year's deficit, but that is a whole lot better than the string of trillion dollar deficits that we had.    In the first quarter of this fiscal year, revenue has been up 4 percent, which is a good thing, but spending went up 7 percent. According to the Treasury Department, the first fiscal year, we had a $36 billion worsening of our deficit situation compared to the first quarter of the previous fiscal year. By extrapolation, that would suggest that we are going have a $144 billion deficit worse than what we had in a bad $439 billion deficit last year. However, the CBO is a little bit more optimistic saying: Well, we think it will only be $130-something billion worse, putting it somewhere in the neighborhood of $570 billion.    They are also telling us that while we blew through the $19 trillion debt mark recently, within a decade we are going to blow through the $30 trillion debt mark, which means that we are looking at a 10-year average of over a trillion dollars a year in deficits. That being the case, what is your judgment that the Pentagon is really serious about streamlining acquisition efforts through the Federal acquisition regulations, changing that, or what have you, in order to maximize the bang for the buck that the taxpayer has to allocate to national security?    Mr. Brooks. But you are telling me that you are optimistic that the Pentagon is in fact going to start becoming better at streamlining the acquisition process?    Mr. Brooks. Okay. Any chance that there would be dramatic success of the kind needed to reflect the worsening financial condition of the United States of America?    Mr. Brooks. Anybody else want to add any insight on that? If not, I will go to my second question.    Okay. Mr. Fox , a lot of discussion today has focused on affordability constraints. If affordability goals were required in Milestone A for all programs, it would force conversations and coordination early in the acquisition process.    Mr. Fox, can you please--excuse me, Ms. Fox, misreading my notes here--can you please speak to the accuracy of cost estimates early in the process? Is there enough fidelity to inform affordability goals at Milestone A?    Mr. Brooks. Well, Mr. Hale and Ms. Fox, thank you for your responses.    And Mr. Chairman, I yield back.    The Chairman. Great.    Thank you all, not only for being here today but for the many ways that each of you has served the country.    I have one other favor. As we did last year, we are going to introduce a stand-alone bill on acquisition reform this year in March, and the idea is that the people who deal with the acquisition system, have experience and insights, can give us feedback about how it can be improved before we actually mark up the defense authorization bill for this year.    So to the extent you are looking for something to do some Saturday night, if you have some suggestions when we release that, your feedback to the committee--further feedback to the committee would be very much appreciated. So, again, thank you all for being here.    With that, the hearing stands adjourned.