    Mr. Wilson. Ladies and gentlemen, I call this hearing of the Emerging Threats and Capabilities Subcommittee of the House Armed Services Committee to order. I am pleased to welcome everyone here today for today's hearing on outside views of biodefense for the Department of Defense . This hearing will provide an overview of the findings and recommendations from the recent bipartisan report of the Blue Ribbon Study Panel on Biodefense.    It is critical that the United States maintain a dynamic national defense against the growing threat posed by biological weapons and naturally occurring diseases. The Department of Defense plays a large role in the U.S. biodefense enterprise, contributing biodetection tools, medical countermeasures and protection, and decontamination technologies. The recent response to the Ebola outbreak illustrates the importance of the Department of Defense's biodefense contributions to broader government and global efforts.    This hearing is especially timely in preparing for our subcommittee hearing next week with the Department of Defense on countering weapons of mass destruction policy and programs for the fiscal year 2017. The findings and recommendations discussed today will be important aspects of our review of the fiscal year 2017 Department of Defense biodefense enterprise.    Our witnesses before us today are the Honorable Ken Wainstein. He is the Blue Ribbon Study Panel on Biodefense panel member. Additionally, Dr. Gerald Parker, the Blue Ribbon Study Panel on Biodefense Panel ex officio member.    I would like now to turn, but he is not here, to Mr. Jim Langevin, but Lindsay has assured us that he will be here soon, and we will proceed. And so we would like to begin right this moment. Thank you.    Mr. Wilson. And, Mr. Wainstein, thank you very much. And it is ironic that you would reference anthrax. I was elected in a special election right at that time, December 2001. What an introduction to Washington.    Dr. Parker.    Mr. Wilson. I thank both of you. And we are going to begin now. And Katie Sutton is going to maintain a strict 5-minute rule for all persons, including me, on questions.    And so right away, one of the recommendations, Mr. Wainstein, of the report is to improve the intelligence community efforts to address the biological threat. Can you further elaborate on the specific measures that could be taken to indeed achieve better estimates of biological threats?    And then, specifically, you had indicated that scientists were recruited, that their facilities could be used. A concern that I have had is a major city in Iraq, being Mosul, that with the capture by ISIL , that there would be hospitals, there would be medical facilities, there would be universities that might have the facilities that could facilitate the development of weapons to attack the American people.    Mr. Wilson. Well, thank you again for your efforts bringing this to the attention of the American people, both of you.    In the report, the panel noted that work dealing with cyber threats to pathogen security is nascent and that the United States is not yet well positioned to address cyber threats that affect the biological science and technology sectors. Could you further describe the cyber threat identified by the panel? What role could the Department of Defense play in responding to this biological security cyber threat?    Mr. Wilson. And has there been proper public-private cooperation, including universities, with the government to address this?    Mr. Wilson. Well, with both of you, we look forward to working with you in the future.    I now shift to Congressman Pete Aguilar of California.    Mr. Wilson. Thank you, Congressman.    We now proceed to Congresswoman Elise Stefanik of New York.    Mr. Wilson. Thank you, Congresswoman.    We now proceed to Congressman Brad Ashford of Nebraska.    Mr. Wilson. Thank you very much, Congressman. And, hey, from a South Carolina perspective, we really appreciate Nebraska. You are a hearty people to live where you live.    And, hey, talk about hearty people, it is really tough, San Diego. Congressman Duncan Hunter from California.    Mr. Wilson. Yes, yes.    Mr. Wilson. Thank you, Congressman. And thank you for citing the threat to the concentrated population of Korea, because actually what you are saying is the capital Seoul has a population of nearly 20 million people, very compact, very much at risk.    Congressman Pete Aguilar.    Mr. Wilson. And thank you very much, Congressman.    And I would like to thank both of you for being here this afternoon. And Congressman Langevin, the ranking member, sends his regrets. We are imminent to voting and he is close to the floor. But I am very grateful for the work of Ms. Sutton, Ms. Kavanaugh. And we are adjourned.