    Mr. Ashford. I am fine.    The Chairman. Thank you.    Mr. McGovern, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Ashford. Yes, I just had one follow-up. The question that we get, I get in Nebraska about the difference between TPP and T-TIP has to do with mainly the non-tariff-related issues. And would you mind going just in a general sense, explaining how you see those differences? I understand them generally, but if you could just kind of explain how you see the differences and the challenges between the two negotiations?    We understand the tariff-reduction issue and eliminating tariffs in TPP; but what about the other, the non-tariff-related?    Mr. Ashford. That is not so much the case in TPP? It is less so.    Mr. Ashford. Thank you.    The Chairman. The gentleman yields back. Mr. Benishek, did you want 5 minutes on this panel?    Mr. Ashford. Thank you. I would like to just talk about two--the Vice Chairman made a great point about housing, I thought, and about the number of programs that exist in the Federal Government on the HUD side and on the Rural Development USDA side. I ran a housing authority in Omaha for 3 or 4 years and was familiar with those differences and those jurisdictional boundaries.    It really causes--it seems to me, and the point that was made by the Vice Chairman is a really good one, is are there not, Administrator Hernandez, more opportunities, should be more opportunities for collaboration between rural housing opportunities and urban housing opportunities, especially in a place like Omaha, Nebraska, where what we want to do, economically, is we want to provide opportunities for urban people who are now living in an urban area to live in more rural areas to provide----    One of the things that is really holding our economy--our economy is doing very well. We have the lowest unemployment in the country and a lot of it is because of our ag-based sector.    But we see opportunities to bring urban people into the rural areas to help increase the economy of our state and especially hopefully as we increase trade through TPP and some of those programs, we need workers, and housing is a critical element to that, the point was made very well by the Vice Chairman to say, why do we have these--I know why we have them--but isn't there an opportunity for a collaboration between the two?    Mr. Ashford. I think the point though is to just say we have rural America and urban America and draw those lines in the world that we are living in now with technology; we are talking about the Internet and about economies being not wedded to an urban area and rural area, that bifurcation, it doesn't make any sense to me.    And in practice, in a city like Omaha, where we want people to go back and forth between rural areas and urban areas where the jobs are, housing is a problem there. That is all I am saying.    And I think the more we could--you are right. Your agency does very innovative things, and I am aware of that, of those things, and housing authorities under HUD could learn from those things. But it is about people, not houses.    So what we really need to do is figure out a way to get people into rural Nebraska where really we need workers and provide housing for them and some of these programs that you do, interfacing with just letting people know who live in a housing authority, to letting them know that there are jobs out in Skyler, Nebraska, or Red Cloud, or wherever it is. And the housing, there is just that communication would be tremendously helpful to our state.    Mr. Ashford. Right. And second, it is on another topic, and I want to get the names right here because I don't want to miss the names. Our Agriculture Marketing Services State Director, Maxine Moul, who was the Lieutenant Governor of Nebraska and a great friend, and I served with her, and of yours as well. We had a great marketing collaborative session in Omaha, and talking about the opportunities for expanding food production in urban and rural Nebraska, and Maxine did a great job.    But I want to compliment Anne Alonzo who was there as well who did a great job explaining all the opportunities. We really are doing some great initiatives in urban food desert things, and Anne was super as was, and I don't want to get this name wrong because she did such a great job so I am going to take my time and look, but my time is almost up.    Anyway, I just want to thank the Department for what was really a great session: 150 people participated thinking about what we could do to bring urban and rural Nebraska together using food as the catalyst. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    The Chairman. The gentleman's time has expired. Mr. Crawford, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Ashford. I am fairly low down here. Thank you, Mr. Vice Chairman. I just want to move a little bit away from where we are in the question and talk a little bit about what is important to us in Omaha, which is an urban area obviously. My district is urban, but we are in a very ag state. We had the conversation with Mr. Mitchell earlier, having been to Nebraska many times.    Administrator Alonzo, you were there as well, and I want you to know, personally, how much I appreciate your efforts on the panel, what a significant event that was. We talked about the Know Your Farmer, Know Your Food Initiative. It is very important to our city that our population be, first of all, exposed to products from the farm obviously, both because it is good for the young people to understand their state, but most importantly, on the nutrition side. Where do you see this initiative going, and obviously the demand and interest in Omaha, Nebraska is significant. Could you just generally describe how you see this happening, being rolled out? Where it is going?    Mr. Ashford. I think my time has expired.    Mr. Ashford. No. Just, also thank Eleanor Starmer as well for coming out. Thank you, Mr. Vice Chairman.    Mr. Ashford. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I am speechless actually. I just wanted to follow up on what Representative Hartzler was talking about. If there is one issue I hear about in Omaha from our schools, we have one entity that provides all of the school meals for one public high school and all of the parochial schools; and then we have a few others that provide the meals to the other public schools, so it is not a massively large group of providers.    And essentially, what the refrain is, and I am sorry if I am repeating myself, or repeating what others have said, but the refrain really is we are concerned that the young people simply won't eat what we are giving them, and that is a real concern, and this is given to me by people I know that have been doing this for 25, 30 years. And nutrition is their concern. They are nutritionists. They just want the kids to be able to get a meal that they can eat or will eat. I am sure you have answered this, but would you mind just, Under Secretary?    Mr. Ashford. That might help me to eat carrots, I don't know.    Mr. Ashford. Thank you, and I would like to loop some of our people into your team because to the points that have been made, your point, these are very good people that are doing it; they are nutritionists, they get it. I think they are more concerned about the consumption part and the kids not having enough.    Mr. Ashford. Definitely. The other point, and I made it to the last panel, but just to focus on it again, our SNAP authorized farmers, we have a lot of farmers in Nebraska still, and our SNAP authorized farmer numbers have gone from 750 to 6,400 to do from farm to market. It is an exceptional program. I have been listening today about the farm bill, and I wasn't here obviously when it was passed; but it sounds like a remarkable piece of work by this Committee and the Congress, the Chairman and the Department to really do some amazing things. The pilot projects, there are ten of them or 12 of them.    Mr. Ashford. I am over my time, but I thank you for your work, and obviously for this Committee in getting the farm bill where it is, so thank you.