    Mr. Palmer. Thank you, Madam Chairman. A couple of questions. Mr. Winfree, for fiscal year 2016 budget requests for the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, Vehicle Research and Analysis Programs was 39.7 million, to be used to conduct motor vehicle safety research and develop advanced vehicle safety technology. Does this research duplicate research being done by the automakers and other private entities?    Mr. Palmer. Well, I was going to ask something else, but because you put so much emphasis on vehicle safety, as opposed to infrastructure, there's a role in that. And I do think there's a role, and I'll come to Dr. Meyer on this in a moment.    The President is proposing the corporate auto fuel economy standards to be 35.5 miles per gallon for--by 2016, and 54.5 by 2025, yet the research shows that--and I think the National Highway Safety Standards Board made this projection that for every 100 pounds you reduce the weight of a vehicle, that it increases the highway fatalities by just about five percent. And there's research and data out there that indicates that thousands of people have died as a result of being in lighter vehicles that were basically forced upon the automobile industry. How do you respond to that, and what does the highway--well, what does your group--what are you doing in the context of trying to improve vehicle safety from that perspective, when you're--seem to be working--the ends that you're trying to get to seem to be at odds with each other.    Mr. Palmer. I appreciate that, but there's basic physics involved here, and, you know, while you're trying to work toward a solution toward this, there's still people going to die because of these government imposed standards.    Mr. Meyer, you talked a little bit about the composite materials, and things that you're using on--for highway services. What kind of research is out there on that end that will not only make it less expensive to--for highway construction, but safer in the context of vehicle transportation?    Mr. Palmer. Let me just conclude my time by going back to the original question, about the duplication of research. And I think, in our current budget situation, we want to eliminate as much duplication as we can, and there is excellent research being done at Auburn University, at the National Center for Asphalt Technology. So if--in the event that you're not familiar with that, I encourage you to talk with them about surface transportation and highway safety. Thank you, Madam Chairwoman.    Chairwoman Comstock. Thank you. And I just want to thank our witnesses today for your testimony, and for, really, the exciting innovations that you all are working on, and I'd like to invite you to, you know, continue to share any information or developments as you see, and to inform the Committee. And we very much appreciate you being here this morning, and thank you for the early start too. We have, as you may know, some busy votes ahead of us today. So thank you very much.    The record will remain open for two weeks for additional comments and written questions from members. And, again, we really appreciate your valuable testimony, insight, and the spirit of innovation reflected here this morning. Thanks so much. And the hearing is adjourned.