    Mr. Farenthold. Thank you very much.    Administrator Feinberg, I would like to start with you. There is a high-speed rail project entirely privately funded going on in Texas, my home State, right now. They are looking at going from Houston to Dallas at an estimated cost of about $10 billion for the project cost.    I understand things are more expensive in California. I just paid $3 for a Dr. Pepper here. But we are looking at money six times more expensive for a rail that isn't even twice as long. Do you have any thoughts on the cost differential? And then I will pass that along to Mr. Richard as well, if he wants to. I will allow you to pump that to Mr. Richard if you would like to.    Mr. Farenthold. As a steward of the taxpayer dollars, I am concerned about the cost.    Mr. Richard, if you would like to weigh in on that for a second, it would be appreciated.    Mr. Farenthold. Let's talk about land acquisition.    Mr. Farenthold. Where are you on that? Do you have the entire--do you have contracts for the entire route of the land? How much of that are you going to be able to get through negotiating with the landowners? What are we looking at with respect to exercising eminent domain?    Mr. Farenthold. So barely halfway.    Mr. Farenthold. That is more of a rural segment. You sound like you are cutting through some urban areas like San Francisco.    Mr. Farenthold. And how much of this is going to be elevated versus at grade?    Mr. Farenthold. That is fine. I would point out the entire Texas system is above grade. It is either in a viaduct type of arrangement or on a berm. I wonder how much going over people's property might not be worth looking at.    Finally, I only have 30 seconds left, and I apologize for not being an expert on California geography. I can understand there being a lot of people who might want to go from L.A. to San Francisco. You have a fair amount of options once you get there of how to get around the city, on the BART or an Uber lift. But from Madera to Bakersfield, you get there, what do you do when you get there, and what do you think of how that is going to affect your ridership demand to fund your ongoing operating over numerous years until you get the endpoints built?    Mr. Farenthold. I do not want to get crossways. I have been to Bakersfield, so I know there is not a lot of--there is no subway in Bakersfield.    Mr. Farenthold. Thank you, Mr. Richard.    Mr. Farenthold. Thank you very much.    Mr. Richard, I want to go back a little bit to the eminent domain and the funding question for a second. You said you have been able to negotiate purchases of roughly half of the land that you will need. Do you have an estimate of what the--are the cost estimates still in line, or because you are going to have to use eminent domain, are the cost estimates going to go up?    I ask this question because recently in the district that I represent we had a relatively large bridge project that ran through an economically disadvantaged community in the district, and part of the negotiation for this and avoiding potential lawsuits was that despite the eminent domain requirement that we pay fair market value for the property that was taken, some of these homes were below, well below the cost of what they could be replaced at.    Do you foresee running into this, and has this been included in some of your cost calculations? So rather than just purchasing their home, an expense associated with relocating, long-term rent subsidies or subsidies of purchasing a more expensive home because there are no homes at that cost range.    Mr. Farenthold. I understand the issues, and I want to ask you a couple of other questions.    Mr. Farenthold. It just runs the cost of these things up, and it is very tough.    Mr. Farenthold. I want to ask Mr. Hartnett a question real quick. We talked a little bit about sharing track with the high-speed rail and your commuter rail. I worry about this. I am not sure you--maybe you did it in your testimony. Are we going to drop the high-speed rail down to your standard commuter rail speeds, or are we going to have different speeds of trains on these tracks?    Mr. Farenthold. Because to me this seems like a scheduling nightmare. I mean, I am not a regular train rider, if you don't count the Washington Metro, but they are never on time.    Mr. Farenthold. I am going to reserve the right to remain skeptical of that. We will see, and I am just going to shake my head because I expect you will be coming back to Uncle Sam for some more money.    If you will allow me, Mr. Chairman, I want to digress for my last minute of questioning since I have Administrator Feinberg here. I just wanted to ask her if the Texas high-speed rail project that we are talking about between Houston and Dallas is currently going through some environmental studies. Can you give me an update on the project and how those studies are coming in the last 30 seconds I have here?    Mr. Farenthold. All right. Would you please keep me posted if you run into any hiccups?    Mr. Farenthold. Thank you. And I will yield back my last 3 seconds.