    Mrs. Lawrence. Thank you.    I have a question for you, Ms. Bresch, and thank you for being here. I understand the profitmaking of companies, but under your realm, the EpiPen has become Mylan's first billion-dollar drug. Is that correct?    Mrs. Lawrence. In 2014, your company generated 1.19 billion in sales only in their specialty drug section because your company makes a lot more. Is that correct?    Mrs. Lawrence. And according to your SEC filing, and this is a quote, as a result of favorable pricing and increased revenue, in 2015, your company generated $1.2 billion in sales revenue, driven largely by the continued strong performance of the EpiPen Auto-Injector.    According to a press release you issued in February of this year, your earnings per share also went up in 2015 by 21 percent. This increase was, and I quote, ``at the high end of our previously communicated guidance range.'' Is that correct?    Mrs. Lawrence. Your company is continuing to make incredible profits this year. Is that correct?    Mrs. Lawrence. Recently, while discussing the EpiPen's massive price increase, you actually said, and I quote, ``No one's more frustrated than I am.'' And so is it true that you're frustrated that you didn't raise it higher, creating a billion-dollar drug was a goal you acquired with the EpiPen, and you're frustrated you didn't raise it more?    Mrs. Lawrence. So on September 15 you sent a letter to the committee stating that your sales revenue from over 2,700 products is 11 billion this year and your profit from the EpiPen would generate 1.9 billion in net sales. So your company expects to make 9 percent of its revenue this year just off of one of your products. Is that correct?    Mrs. Lawrence. But one product can generate 9 percent of your revenue, that one product?    Mrs. Lawrence. So this is the frustration. Not that you don't have a product, not that you don't have your free product, but where is the company in responding to this outcry that I have received and every Member of Congress? What do you plan to do with that? Do you hear the cry from the constituents?    And while you and your company and I'm sure the employees enjoy this profitmaking, where is the sensitivity and where is the company in saying, I hear this, we have made a tremendous amount of money?    Is it normal for one product, out of 2,700 drugs, one product is almost 10 percent? And you have increased that. And while if I'm sitting there at the boardroom, I would say, this is great. You're doing a great thing. You're bringing money in. We're making money. Where are you and the company in saying what do we do about the outcry of the people on this situation?    Mrs. Lawrence. You control that generic, and you're actually making a higher profit range off of that generic, correct?    Mrs. Lawrence. If you raised the----    Mrs. Lawrence. I yield back.