    Mr. Horton. Chairman Issa, Ranking Member----    Mr. Horton. Chairman Issa----    Mr. Horton. Oh, there we go.    Mr. Horton. Thank you.    Chairman Issa, Ranking Member Johnson, distinguished Committee Members, counsel, and staff members, thank you so much for inviting me to testify here today. And thank you Chairman Issa for your kind words about Case Western Reserve University in northeast Ohio.    To understand China's Anti-Monopoly Law and its recent enforcement efforts, it's necessary and crucial not only to carefully examine the words of the Anti-Monopoly Law but to read them in the context and light of Chinese history, culture, and traditions. First and foremost, we must recognize that China may be the only civilization the world has known upon which Western thought exercised little or no influence until modern times. China's historical culture was largely independent of Western influences, and its responses to its people's economic needs are often peculiar to China and sharply differentiated from other countries.    Second, it's important to keep in mind that China's political system does not share our values of Western legal traditions. China is not in any sense a Western-styled democracy, and in reality, the country still is without rule of law.    Furthermore, the leaders of the Chinese Communist Party are not interested in bringing about a change of allegiance by bringing Western political systems to China. Consequently, China's Anti-Monopoly Law enforcement activities ultimately are not directed toward carrying out or reenforcing Western neoclassical economic ideologies but toward helping to protect the socialist rule of law system with Chinese characteristics.    China's determination to chart its own antitrust course without following or adhering to Western ideologies has resulted in four major trends during the first 8 years of AML enforcement.    First, China aspires to protect and buttress its economy by safeguarding what it perceives to be fair market competition in the consumer and public interest of China's citizens.    Second, China's determined to protect at all costs its own perceived long-term security and economic interest.    Third, China's focused on protecting its indigenous business and entrepreneurs, including its diverse multitude of small- and medium-sized businesses.    And fourth, China's demonstrating a strong propensity to focus on potential barriers to entry and use of exclusionary practices. Ironically, echoing the comments of Representative Johnson, America would be well served by following similar objectives in our antitrust enforcement policies instead of continuing the current underenforcement of antitrust laws which have led to alarming levels of concentration and diminished competition in industry after industry.    Rather than simply criticizing China and trying to lure it into following current neoclassical American economic models, we should humbly ask ourselves whether we might learn from the Chinese and their Confucian traditions and values. On one hand, China should be lauded for promulgating an aggressive antitrust policy that takes into account Confucian norms of ethics, morals, and fairness, and seeks to inspire increased corporate social responsibility. We would be well served to pursue similar objectives.    On the other hand, as stated here by the other witnesses, the Chinese and their antitrust enforcers are going to need to pay more attention going forward to their own Confucian traditions and values. Ongoing business and governmental corruption in China must be aggressively addressed. Furthermore, the Chinese need to acknowledge and realistically address the pressures on their AML enforcers to aggressively target foreign companies in order to protect and bolster indigenous Chinese companies and businesses.    And finally, the theft of IP and IT to bolster the Chinese economy must stop. Instead of trying to pretend that they're acting neutrally and objectively in their AML enforcement, the Chinese need to find better ways to focus primarily on competition policies as opposed to industrial protectionism.    As always, the future is uncertain, but the stakes could not be higher. Whether we like it or not, China's and our economies are inextricably linked and positively correlated. Both China and the West must continue our ongoing dialogues and seek to continue building strong economic, cultural, and political bridges. After all, much more than future international antitrust enforcement is at stake. Thank you.    Mr. Horton. I grew up in a family where I was indoctrinated as to the importance of the patent laws. My father has 39 patents in the ceramic engineering field, primarily for the use in aircraft engines. And so I believe that the patent laws are amongst the most important laws stated in our Constitution that Jefferson wrote into the Constitution. The bad news for the Chinese and why they're stealing IP is that their innovation is not happening from their large state-owned enterprises and their institutions are not producing enough good research. They're filing more patents than anyone in the world, but most of them are sham patents that have little value.    The good news for the Chinese and what we might think more about emulating is that they have a growing bamboo thicket of capitalism of small business and entrepreneurs, and really, new innovations, new patents, new ideas come out of small companies. They come out of the garages. They come out of the Bill Gates working in his garage. They don't come out of the big companies. And so the Chinese are seeking to protect their small businesses, something we've gotten away from in the United States with our antitrust policy where we've allowed and even encouraged dominant firms with heavy market concentration, who then can make monopolistic profits that they don't put back into research. So we should emulate the Chinese in protecting our small businesses, entrepreneurs, and doing everything we can to encourage them.    Mr. Horton. Yes, I believe that there are. First, I think that in areas like monopoly leveraging, resale price maintenance, where our Supreme Court, just a few years ago in the Leegin case, overruled on a 5 to 4 basis more than 100 years of sound antitrust policy under the name of neoconservative economics, and in predatory behavior by dominant firms.    I think the Chinese are very progressive, and ironically, could end up being leaders in world antitrust enforcement if we in the United States do not become more progressive and put behind us the 40 years of neoclassical economics that have led us astray and that are really a key part of what we're hearing in today's current election cycle about all the unfairness that's endemic in the American economy.    Mr. Horton. Well, I think that the Chinese Anti-Monopoly Law where it's very sound and progressive is it talks about fairness, fairness to consumers, fairness to competitors, and a stable economy. And we seem to think that fairness is some kind of mushy idea that has no place in economics. In fact, fairness is fundamental to a sound economic system, and the Chinese recognize that. We need to get back to that.    Mr. Horton. Well, I would be concerned about the Chinese interoperability standard because I do think that the Chinese are very cognizant of their own security interest, and one of the big problems with the IP and IT theft has been the concern that this is going to Chinese military technology.    So I think that we should put tremendous pressure on the Chinese to not allow their own indigenous system that they might take advantage of to be the standard for operating in China. I think the House here could put increasing pressure on China, as could the executive branch, to turn their own Confucian values around and say, you have to be fair toward the rest of the world, not just your own consumers and public.    Mr. Horton. I would say seriously deficient. Addressing your comment quickly, the United States enabled China to get into the WTO, the United States has been China's best economic ally in promoting its growth and helping it. And the United States is still the greatest economic engine on the face of the Earth. So if the United States stands up and tells the Chinese, look, you have to treat us with the same kind of fairness and equal rights that you want to instill in your own Anti-Monopoly Laws, that's what it's going to take if you want to continue having shipload after shipload of goods come here into the United States.    Mr. Horton. I would say we should followed Teddy Roosevelt and speak softly and carry a very big stick.    Mr. Horton. Well, first we have to recognize that we're dealing with essentially a dictatorship. The Chinese Communist Party is not in any way, shape, or form a democracy as we know it here in the United States. And that kind of government goes back thousands of years in China. So we're coming to any negotiations with China from a very different perspective and standpoint.    Putting ourselves in the Chinese Communist Party leader's shoes, they see all the changes that are transpiring in the world. They fear what was happening in Tiananmen Square, they fear the spread of democracy in China. And so on the one hand they're trying to tamp all of this down while at the same time creating this economic miracle that can help keep them in power by giving more money and goods to the Chinese citizens.    So I think on the one hand we need to step back and say, we're dealing with the Chinese from a very strong position. We have a very sound fundamental democracy. We have a very sound fundamental economy. We have excellent allies throughout the world. We have excellent trade relations. So we should not be intimidated by China's growth or it's 1.5 billion people. We should go into any negotiations with the Chinese and say, look, you know, we helped defeat the Japanese in World War II to liberate your country, we've been good allies with you, we've helped build your economic miracle, but you have serious, serious problems in terms of dealing with the rest of the world and it's in your interest, as Commissioner Ohlhausen said, to step up to the plate and recognize this if you want to go forward as a sound economic partner throughout the world.    Mr. Horton. I think the Chairman's comments today have been quite astute. We have no choice but to engage the country that has approximately 18 to 20 percent of the world's population. China is not going to go away any time, it's going to increasingly influence what's happening throughout Asia and the world. And we should not be afraid of engaging with China.    We have a very strong, fundamentally sound democracy and economy. We have nothing to fear from strongly engaging the Chinese, and over time, perhaps head being them toward the course of democracy. You know, we remember when communist China--or communist Russia broke up. How did that happen, over night? No, I think it was decades of public pressure and subtle pressures and just the people there seeing that there's a better way of life. And the Chinese are traveling all over the country. You can look here in this hearing today, they're here by the dozens. And they see that United States open ideal of democracy and freedom of speech, freedom of religion. These are wonderful guideposts for the future. And let's hope that, over the coming decades, the Chinese will slowly begin to realize that and move closer to a democracy.