    Mr. Pallone. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    The legislation that is the subject of today's hearing, the deceptively named Ozone Standards Implementation Act, has very little to do with implementing EPA's ozone standards and instead is focused on undermining the Clean Air Act.    Make no mistake, H.R. 4775 is a broad attack on some of the most important and successful tenets of the Clean Air Act including health-based standards and protections for all criteria of pollutants.    Since 1970, the foundation of the Clean Air Act has been a set of health-based air quality standards that EPA must set based solely on the latest science and medical evidence.    Essentially, the standard sets the level of pollution that is safe to breathe. With these health-based standards as the goalpost, States then develop plans to control pollution and meet those goals.    Costs and technological feasibility are front and center in this planning and States can identify which pollution control measures are best suited to meeting the standard in the most cost-effective way.    This structure has been extraordinarily effective for 46 years in cleaning the air and protecting public health including the health of sensitive groups like children and the elderly.    H.R. 4775 would alter this proven approach. It would elevate cost considerations in the standard-setting process not just for ozone but also for carbon monoxide, sulfur oxides, nitrogen oxides, particle pollution and even lead.    This would allow polluters to override scientists, leading to air quality standards based on profits rather than health and reversing decades of progress in cleaning our air.    But H.R. 4775 goes even further, delaying development and implementation of national ambient air quality standards, or NAAQS, for all six criteria pollutants.    The bill doubles the review period for all NAAQS, meaning any new evidence or science would only be considered every 10 years. That's a dramatic move in the wrong direction on science-based decisionmaking.    The legislation also includes a provision to alter the way that air quality monitoring data is interpreted, discounting air quality measurements taken during normal weather and climate cycles like heat waves and droughts.    It's an environmental ``don't ask don't tell'' designed to make it appear that air quality is improving when it's not. We should eliminate pollution, not the record of its occurrence.    The bill actually does manage to address implementation of the new ozone standards directly by delaying implementation by up to 8 years. When you combine this mandated delay with other features of this legislation we virtually guarantee that people living in areas with poor air quality will continue to be exposed to air pollution indefinitely.    In fact, a number of the provisions in this bill impact the areas that have the most persistent problems with air pollution. We have some of those areas represented on the panel today.    There are three fundamental things that we all need every day--food, water and air. When we enacted the Clean Air Act, we made a commitment to the public to make the air safe and healthy to breathe.    H.R. 4775 breaks that commitment. It's simply a bad bill.    Mr. Pallone. I wanted to--I have about 2 minutes. Did you want to make your statement? I will yield to Mr. McNerney.    Mr. Pallone. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I wanted to ask my questions of Mr.--is it pronounced Mirzakhalili? OK.    I see you share many of my concerns about this bill. In my opinion, H.R. 4775 is a major rollback of valuable Clean Air Act protections and will give any area that has air quality problems numerous new avenues to avoid cleaning up the air.    So, first, I would like to ask some questions about the air quality monitoring provision. Exceptional events--large wildfires, for example--are accounted for now in air monitoring. I mean, that is true. Do you want to just briefly explain that?    Mr. Pallone. So then if now you expand this definition, you know, this--these exemptions, what are some of the real world implications for such a policy change?    Mr. Pallone. So for downwind States like yours and mine also, by the way, I am concerned that this change, you know, makes the air quality problems from transport a lot worse.    I mean, is it possible that downwind States could receive additional air pollution? I mean, they are likely going to receive a lot more air pollution.    Mr. Pallone. All right. So as I understand it, the monitoring data is also used to report the daily air quality index, which gives people warnings when the air pollution is at unsafe levels.    So how would expanding what can be considered an exceptional event impact those alerts to the public? Would it lead to fewer warnings or would the public wonder why the numbers of warnings of bad air quality days are increasing while their area was declaring that they were meeting the air quality standards? I mean----    Mr. Pallone. Well, is there any justification for this change other than making bad air quality look good to avoid controlling air pollution or what is the justification other than that?    Mr. Pallone. All right. Well, I just--I want to thank you, because as I see it this Section 3(h) would create a loophole that would allow localities to disregard dangerous air pollution and, basically, the bill requires the EPA and the States to pretend that real harmful air pollution doesn't exist and isn't hurting our kids when in fact it may very well be.    So thank you very much. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.