    Mr. Smith. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Madam Attorney General, under this Administration the number of sanctuary cities has doubled to about 340 jurisdictions. As a result, many innocent Americans have been killed. What are you doing to discourage jurisdictions from claiming sanctuary status?    Attorney General Lynch. I'm sorry, the last part of your question, Congressman?    Mr. Smith. The number of sanctuary jurisdictions has doubled under this Administration. What are you doing to discourage municipalities from asserting sanctuary status? By doing so, of course, they are endangering Americans, because individuals released who commit crimes, including murder, rape, and so forth. What are you doing to discourage sanctuary cities?    Attorney General Lynch. Well, Congressman, with respect to the issues that you raise, certainly they are very serious. We are committed to enforcing our criminal and immigration laws.    Mr. Smith. But there is a law on the books that prohibits sanctuary cities. What are you doing to enforce that law?    Attorney General Lynch. I believe the designation of a sanctuary city is something that was in the purview of----    Mr. Smith. No. It is actually in an act I introduced that became law in 1996.    Attorney General Lynch. I'm sorry. I am having trouble hearing you.    Mr. Smith. Okay. There is clearly a law in existence that prohibits jurisdictions from refusing to cooperate with the Federal Government when it comes to detaining criminal aliens, criminal immigrants. What are you doing to enforce that law?    Attorney General Lynch. Well, where we have a situation where that situation occurs we certainly would talk with that jurisdiction. We would reach directly in and enforce the criminal laws against the individuals themselves.    Mr. Smith. But you're not doing so. Give me one example where you have enforced current law that prohibits jurisdictions from claiming sanctuary status.    Attorney General Lynch. Well, what I'd like to do, sir, is study that issue and provide information to you on that point.    Mr. Smith. I would hope that you'd have more knowledge about enforcing immigration laws than that, but I will await your report as to what you have done.    The next question is, a recent IG report found that Chairman Chaffetz's Secret Service file was improperly accessed and publicly disclosed by Secret Service managers. This may have violated the Privacy Act, the Computer Abuse Act, and perhaps amount to obstruction of justice. Have you taken any disciplinary action whatsoever against the Secret Service managers involved with the disclosure of that file?    Attorney General Lynch. Congressman, my understanding is that that matter is being handled by their inspector general. The Secret Service is part of the Department of Homeland Security. And so with respect to those specific administrative or disciplinary actions my understanding is that their inspector general is reviewing that.    Mr. Smith. Some of the laws that may have been violated come under your jurisdiction. Are you aware of any investigation by DOJ into that matter or not?    Attorney General Lynch. I'm not able to comment at this time. I would certainly provide information to you.    Mr. Smith. Okay. And you would certainly let the Member involved know of any investigation, would you not?    Attorney General Lynch. I'm sorry, sir?    Mr. Smith. You would certainly let the Member involved know of any investigation, would you not?    Attorney General Lynch. Well, typically we do not comment on whether an investigation is open or not. With respect to whether----    Mr. Smith. I know. I'm not asking you to comment publicly on the details. I'm asking you if you would alert the Member if there was an investigation ongoing?    Attorney General Lynch. Are you referring to the member of the Secret Service?    Mr. Smith. No, the Member of Congress whose files were made public.    Attorney General Lynch. The Member of Congress. Thank, you, sir. We would certainly do everything we could to provide whatever information we could consistent with our law enforcement obligation.    Mr. Smith. Okay, thank you.    And then let me ask you one more question about the FBI, and that is, to your knowledge, has the President or any White House staff or you or any of your staff attempted to influence the FBI's investigation of former Secretary Clinton?    Attorney General Lynch. No, sir.    Mr. Smith. Okay. Do you have any idea when that investigation will be completed?    Attorney General Lynch. Well, I'm not able to comment on the status of that matter and we typically do not comment. And also it's impossible to predict when any matter will be concluded. So I'm not able to give you information on that.    Mr. Smith. Right. And I'm not asking for a comment on the contents of the investigation, just an idea when it might be finished. Or have you heard when it might be finished?    Attorney General Lynch. Sir, again, I'm not able to comment on the timing of the conclusion of any matter.    Mr. Smith. Okay. Thank you.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Attorney General Lynch. Thank you, sir.