    Mr. Olson. I thank the chair. And welcome, Secretary Moniz.    My first question is about the Federal Power Act. Under Section 202(c), DOE, you, can order a power plant to stay running during a grid crisis. In following your order, the plant might squeak past their clean air permits. Unfairly, that plant can be fined and sued by others for doing so. One regulator says go, another says stop. That plant has to decide whether they want to acquiesce in a power shortage, maybe a brownout or blackout, or cut a check, breaking the permit for just a few days, maybe a few hours. I have a bipartisan bill with Representative Doyle and Green to fix this in the energy package we are working on. This is not about a company riding roughshod over environmental laws; we are talking about days or hours in a crisis.    The other week, FERC and NERC endorsed our bill. Your predecessor, Secretary Chu, told me in this committee that he is ``very supportive'' of the idea. The bill has passed this committee three times now, and the whole House twice, in the 112th and 113th Congress.    And so my question to you is, can I count on your support in the 114th Congress, will you be very supportive of the bill like your predecessor?    Mr. Olson. Great, thank you for that clarification. As you know, my home State of Texas has half our southern border, over 1,200 miles with our neighbor to the south, Mexico, and we know how important that relationship with Mexico is for our trade. Your QER points out that we trade tens of billions of dollars in energy each year with Mexico.    Mr. Olson. Sixty-five. I like that even better. In fact, some of Texas' only power line connections outside of ERCOT come from our neighbor to the south, Mexico. You might recall that those lines prevented rolling blackouts and brownouts with crises in the fall--I am in sorry, in the early winter of 2011 and August of that same year. My question is, we know this oil plays--we know that oil and gas--shale plays don't stop at the southern border. The new Administration in Mexico is reforming its energy economy, and I think those opportunities will expand in the future. Your QER on our energy package will address the topic North American energy. I believe better coordination and trade will be critical in the years ahead. My question is, can you please tell me what you see as the next major opportunities for North American energy and where that relationship is headed?    Mr. Olson. Yes, thank you.    Mr. Olson. Right.    Mr. Olson. Thank you, sir. I am out of time. I want to extend an invitation to come down and see the work at MIT in your current position, the Petra Nova Project in Thompsons, Texas, the only viable carbon capture and ancillary recovery project in the whole world. Come down and see it. You will love it.    I yield back.    Mr. Olson. Thank you, Chairman. I am with you.    Welcome to our witnesses. I apologize you got behind an energy superstar, and now votes in a hearing coming in this hearing room about 2 o'clock, so I have one question for you, Mr. Grumet. It is about Mexico.    As you mentioned in your testimony, Mexico is on the verge of a revolution for energy. Changes, changes, changes. I moved to Texas in 1972. I saw the stronghold OPEC had on America firsthand. 1979, I had just gotten my license. I was sent down to get in line for gasoline. Gasoline dependent upon, you have a long line, get gas depending upon the last digit of your license plate. If it was an even date, go on an even day, even number. Long lines. Gas prices doubled. They had a stronghold on us. Now, with all the street production in America, our neighbor to the north, Canada, and Mexico, I see a vision of OPEC going away, replaced by NAPEC. North American Petroleum Exporting Countries.    My question is, sir, what is the one thing Congress can do to help make that reality, make NAPEC head of OPEC?    Mr. Olson. So shared data, number one. We need to have that in Congress. That is the best we can do right now?    Mr. Olson. That is even better. I like that.    Yield back, sir.