    Mr. Barletta. The subcommittee will come to order. I want to thank the witnesses from the Government Accountability Office, the Department of Veterans Affairs , and the General Services Administration for being here today.    The purpose of today's hearing is to make sure medical facilities are delivered quickly and cost effectively so that our veterans can receive the medical care that they require. Now, the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee is involved because the Public Buildings Act requires all leases over $2.85 million to be authorized by our committee and the Senate Environment and Public Works Committee.    Now, GSA can delegate this leasing authority to other agencies, but it cannot waive the requirement for congressional authorization. Providing quality health care to our veterans is my top concern. Our men and women in uniform put their lives on the line to protect our country and our freedoms. Medical facilities, whether owned or leased, are a critical part of delivering healthcare services. Unfortunately, the VA has struggled greatly to require health care facilities on time, on budget, and in compliance with the law.    The VA's new Colorado hospital is so far over budget and behind schedule that the Army Corps of Engineers has had to take over management of the project. And the VA's leasing program has been too slow and out of compliance with the Public Buildings Act and the most basic Government accounting rules.    Both the GAO and the VA inspector general have detailed a history of VA's mismanagement of its real estate. In fact, in a 2012 letter from the House Veterans' Affairs Committee to the VA, the committee expressed concerns about the ways that the VA's seven healthcare clinic leases passed in 2009. In 2013, the inspector general reported VA's management of timeliness and costs in the healthcare clinic lease procurement process has not been effective.    On top of all this, the Congressional Budget Office at OMB raised serious questions about how the VA has been accounting and budgeting for these leases. Unfortunately, as highlighted at our July hearing, many agencies with leasing authority, outside of GSA, do not understand the legal limits of their authority. We have seen agencies like the SEC and the Commodity Futures Trading Commission find themselves in serious trouble because of this. Exceeding the legal limitations can result in Anti-Deficiency Act violations, which have criminal penalties and significant project delays.    In 2013 and 2014, OMB raised serious questions whether the VA had, in fact, exceeded its leasing authority. As a result, the administration directed the GSA to step in. GSA must ensure the VA's leases are properly authorized and do not violate the Anti-Deficiency Act.    On September 12, 2014, the committee officially received a letter from the VA requesting approval of six leases for their healthcare clinics, recognizing projects over GSA's threshold of $2.85 million required this committee's approval. The committee approved them 5 days later despite having to gather updated information to evaluate costs.    It has now been 2 years since this committee approved those six leases, and we have not received any new prospectuses for healthcare clinics since then. We understand there are eight additional leases requiring our authorization that were included among the 27 leases in the 2014 Choice Act. Because of this committee's role in approving these leases, the committee, along with the Veterans' Affairs Committee, requested GAO conduct a review of the VA healthcare clinic leasing.    Specifically, the GAO examined a few key areas. One, the criteria VA uses to determine whether to lease or own medical facilities. Two, the accuracy of VA's cost estimates for projects. And, three, how the VA is aligning its leasing process with that of the GSA.    Today, we want to hear what improvements have been made and what still needs to be done to make sure that the VA medical leases are cost effective and comply with the law.    We also want to receive updates on the previous six projects we authorized in 2014 and a timetable on when we will receive the additional eight. With all the issues the VA is grappling with to ensure our veterans are served in a timely manner, the VA should take full advantage of the opportunity to leverage GSA's real estate expertise.    I look forward to hearing more from our witnesses on these issues. Thank you.    I now call on the ranking member. Before that, I ask unanimous consent that Members not on this subcommittee be permitted to sit with the subcommittee at today's hearing, offer testimony, and ask questions. So be it.    And now I call on the ranking member of the subcommittee, Mr. Carson, for a brief opening statement.    Mr. Barletta. Thank you.    On our panel today we have Ms. Rebecca Shea, Acting Director of Physical Infrastructure Issues, Government Accountability Office; Mr. James M. Sullivan, Director of the Office of Asset Enterprise Management, United States Department of Veterans Affairs; and Mr. Chris Wisner, Assistant Commissioner for Leasing, Public Buildings Service, General Services Administration.    I ask unanimous consent that our witnesses' full statements be included in the record.    Without objection, so ordered.    Each of you is now recognized for 5 minutes. And, Ms. Shea, you may proceed.    Mr. Barletta. Thank you for your testimony.    Mr. Sullivan, you may proceed.    Mr. Barletta. Thank you. Thank you for your testimony.    Mr. Wisner, you may proceed.    Mr. Barletta. Thank you for your testimony.    I will now begin the first round of questions limited to 5 minutes for each Member.    If there are any additional questions following the first round, we will have additional rounds of questions as needed.    Mr. Sullivan, in September of 2014, this committee approved six VA leases, which were above GSA's prospectus threshold. What is the status of each of those leased projects, and have they all been awarded, and when will they be completed and open?    Mr. Barletta. Thank you.    Mr. Sullivan and Mr. Wisner, what steps has VA taken since 2014 to work with GSA to prepare the additional eight leases that are above GSA's prospectus threshold for approval by this committee? Where are those leases in the process? And when can we expect them to be efficiently submitted? And why have they taken so long?    Mr. Barletta. Why do you think they have taken so long?    Mr. Barletta. How much of the delay is due to structuring the leases to score as operating leases as opposed to capital leases?    Mr. Barletta. Thank you.    The Chair recognizes Ranking Member Carson.    Mr. Barletta. The Chair recognizes Mr. Meadows for 5 minutes.    Mr. Barletta. And that is why we have to reform our disposal rules, and we have that in our bill. And the second thing is we also in our bill have a discounted purchase option which would allow you to buy, so I think they are very good points by Mr. Meadows.    The Chair now recognizes Ms. Brownley for 5 minutes.    Mr. Barletta. Thank you for coming.    The Chair now recognizes Mr. Costello for 5 minutes.    Mr. Barletta. The Chair now recognizes Mr. Rouzer for 5 minutes.    Mr. Barletta. Thank you. The Chair now recognizes Mr. Massie, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Barletta. Thank you. I am going to start a second round. I just have one or two more questions.    Ms. Shea, the GAO noted that the VA has made progress in meeting GSA's requirements. Can you highlight key challenges that there may be?    Mr. Barletta. Mr. Sullivan, in your analysis as to whether to lease or own a medical facility, how does the VA take into consideration existing space that may be available?    Mr. Barletta. Thank you. I have no further questions. Ranking Member Carson.    Mr. Barletta. Thank you. The Chair recognizes Mr. Rouzer.    Mr. Barletta. Thank you. I would like to thank you all for your testimony today. Your comments have been helpful in today's discussion.    If there are no further questions, I would ask unanimous consent that the record of today's hearing remain open until such time as our witnesses have provided answers to any questions that may be submitted to them in writing and unanimous consent that the record remain open for 15 days for any additional comments and information submitted by Members or witnesses to be included in the record of today's hearing. Without objection, so ordered.    I would like to thank our witnesses again for your testimony today. If no other Members have anything to add, this subcommittee stands adjourned.