                                      Wednesday, February 25, 2015.    Mr. Zinser. Thank you, Chairman, Ranking Member Fattah, Members of the Subcommittee. We appreciate the opportunity to testify today as you consider the fiscal year 2016 appropriation for the Department of Commerce.    As the Subcommittee is well aware, the Department of Commerce is very diverse and all of its bureaus do important work for the taxpayer. My testimony today will briefly summarize eight challenges and concerns that we have identified throughout our work.    First is NOAA's environmental satellite programs. The Joint Polar Satellite System, or JPSS, and the Geostationary Operational Environmental Satellite-R Series, or GOES-R, each has a current life cycle cost of about $11 billion. Our work is indicating the potential for a gap in polar satellite coverage of 10 to 16 months in fiscal year 2017, and the GOES-R program is at risk of not having a backup satellite in orbit this fiscal year and extending into 2016, and, again, with GOES-S in 2017 and 2018. NOAA must focus on maintaining the current baseline of the cost, schedule, and performance of these acquisitions to avoid further delays--and also on its plans to mitigate any coverage gaps.    Second, serious cybersecurity concerns persist at the Department. The Department must address, for example, security weaknesses in its incident detection and response capabilities, as well as persistent security deficiencies that make the Department vulnerable to cyber attacks. NOAA IT systems that support its satellite programs are a particular concern, including a recent hacking in the fall of 2014 that affected some of those systems.    Third, the Census Bureau must design and implement a cost-effective and accurate 2020 decennial. Even if the Census Bureau is able to maintain the cost-per-housing unit it achieved for the 2010 decennial, which averaged $94 per housing unit, the estimated cost of the 2020 decennial would be nearly $18 billion, or around $5 billion more than 2010. The Census Bureau and the Department must make significant 2020 design changes to achieve an accurate census while substantially containing those costs.    Fourth, the Department must strengthen controls over its finances, contracts, and grants. And this is an area where I think there are potential for cost-savings, Mr. Chairman. During the period of 2012 to 2014, the Department obligated over $7.6 billion in contracts and over $3.6 billion in grants, which represented nearly one-third of the Department's overall budget during that period. These included hundreds of millions of dollars in sole-source contracts, other high-risk contracts, and sensitive acquisitions. Our audits indicate that the Department must improve its awarding and monitoring of contracts and grants.    Fifth, the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office must reducepatent backlogs in pendency, address quality issues, and strengthen workforce management. For fiscal year 2016, USPTO is requesting authority to spend fee collections of $3.2 billion. USPTO faces challenges with reducing wait times for issuing determinations on new patent applications, appeals and other filings, as well as with responding to stakeholder concerns related to patent quality. As indicated in investigations last year, USPTO will also face significant challenges managing the time and attendance of its examiners in its telework programs.    Number six, FirstNet's implementation of a nationwide public safety broadband network. FirstNet has been authorized to spend $7 billion in mandatory funding to accomplish its mission. However, FirstNet's startup has posed many challenges. In December 2014, for example, we reported on ethics- and procurement-related issues. The Department has acknowledged our findings, concurred with our recommendations and undertaken corrective actions.    Number seven, the Department must continue to foster a culture of accountability. In fiscal year 2014, OIG investigated and audited several high-profile matters directly resulting from a lack of compliance with laws, rules, regulations, and ethics guidelines, and which reflected serious mismanagement. This is an area that requires continued emphasis by OIG and Departmental management.    Finally, Mr. Chairman, the Department must ensure that Office of Inspector General independence and access are more strongly supported. In August 2014, I was one of 47 Inspectors General, along with IG Horowitz and IG Martin, who signed a letter to Congress concerning access and independence issue. There are several current issues discussed in my written testimony, including a two-year delay from the Department's Office of General Counsel in processing audit policies to ensure OIG's direct and full access to records during OIG audits.    Mr. Chairman, this concludes my statement. I would be pleased to answer any questions.    Mr. Zinser. Well, sir, the penalties vary. We have seen cases where the Department has not done anything. We had a case last year, for example, where it took 18 months for the Department to take any action on an investigative matter we had referred to them.    Mr. Zinser. I think, at the end of the day, there was a suspension in that case.    Mr. Zinser. There are cases where there have been removals, but it varies greatly. We are doing some work at PTO, for example, where employees or examiners, for example, engage in a misconduct called ``patent mortgaging,'' where they submit work knowing that it is not sufficient or not completed and that is a case of misconduct.    We found, and we are going to be issuing this audit in the near future, that the penalties for that varied very widely, so----    Mr. Zinser. Well, from no action to suspensions. I do not think anybody has been removed for that misconduct.    Mr. Zinser. I think that is the most common response. Management can remove employees, but suspensions are more common.    Mr. Zinser. Well, it is a very complicated issue based on the number of different appeal avenues that employees have once management seeks to scrutinize performance and scrutinize misconduct. There are a number of avenues that employees take to avoid being accountable. So I think one area would be to take a performance action or a conduct action against an employee. Performance actions are very, very time-consuming. Management must be very detailed. They are very difficult----    Mr. Zinser. Under the current rules, and in many cases, when the poor performance is very evident, managers still have to go through a very tedious process to document and take action.    Mr. Zinser. I would be happy to submit some recommendations.    Mr. Zinser. Yes, sir.    Access and independence issues are really just part of the landscape that IGs deal with, and some cases are more serious than other cases. We had a very serious case back in November 2012 that this Subcommittee helped on where, two months after we issued a critical report of the polar satellite program, we were banned from attending their monthly program management council meetings, which we had attended for a long time.    Mr. Zinser. And this Subcommittee wrote a letter on our behalf. That persisted from November 2012 until Secretary Pritzker came in, in the summer of 2013, and finally reversed that order. So that was a very serious issue.    We have issues on a smaller scale: for example, I just had an auditor in one of the field offices for one of the bureaus, and the management there insisted on escorting my auditors from cubicle to cubicle if they had to interview employees. That is just not acceptable.    So the issues vary. Currently, we have a request outstanding. For example, we are trying to do a data analytics project at the Census Bureau to look at the data that is created when employees enter and depart the building using their swipe badges. We have been denied access to that universe of data and the Department is citing the Privacy Act to assert that its systems of records notice does not permit the IG to have those records for that purpose. So we have been waiting for a year for the Department to change its systems of record notice.    Mr. Zinser. I would be very grateful.    Mr. Zinser. I would be very grateful. In that case, the Census Bureau had 28 cases last year of time and attendance abuse by employees and we are concerned that it is a bigger problem than that.    Mr. Zinser. Well the grant environment at Commerce is somewhat difficult to monitor because a lot of the grants are smaller-dollar amounts relative to other departments. But there are a lot of grants--as I mentioned in my testimony, over the past three years, Commerce has spent $3.6 billion in grants. The consequences should be that the grantee is required to repay the money.    Mr. Zinser. That, too, is something that you really have to stay on the agencies to get them to do that.    Mr. Zinser. Well, there are certainly laws against converting Federal funds for your own use. So we do have cases where grantees or principals of grantees steal money and, if they are caught, they get prosecuted.    Mr. Zinser. The Department can go through a process requiring them to return money under current regulation and law.    Mr. Zinser. But the Department has to have the will to do that.    Mr. Zinser. I believe they do. I just think it requires much greater attention and vigilance than what they have applied. And I think the other thing that we have run into, especially in the NOAA IT area, is a resistance to our oversight. If NOAA were more receptive to our oversight, and worked more closely with us in resolving some of those issues, it would be a lot better.    Mr. Zinser. Well, I think it is a matter of applying the resources to it, sir.    Mr. Zinser. We made recommendations on one system back in 2010 and the answer was that we are going to replace that system, so we do not want to put the resources into strengthening the security of that system. That system has not been replaced and it is 2015.    Mr. Zinser. I think one area where the Department is improving is they are centralizing some of the oversight requirements for IT security. They have two primary projects that they have underway. One is called ESOC, which is to set up a central facility to monitor the networks for suspicious activity.    Mr. Zinser. And they are making progress on that. And the other project is called ECMO, which is basically software programs that each of the bureaus are required to implement to guard against systems that are not properly patched or configured. It is a continuous monitoring program that they are instituting, and it costs each of the bureaus money to put that in place, and they have made some progress on that.    Mr. Zinser. Thank you.    The contracting choices that are made by contracting officers are certainly the bailiwick of the contracting officers. Regarding some of the issues we have found, though--for example, on sole-source contracting--we have done audits where the justification for sole-source just is not adequate. And, of course, a contract that has been competed, theoretically, is more cost-effective than a sole-source contract. So sole-source contracts, by nature, are high-risk.    I think the other shocking thing from our perspective is that, when we go in and look at contracting offices and contracting files, there are files that are missing. And even on files that are not missing, we find where some of the supporting documents for some of the payouts just is not present. So a lot of it is kind of simple hygiene in terms of the contract offices.    Mr. Zinser. Well, I think that the people in charge of those contracting offices are the folks that you have to look to to really put in place the rigor and the discipline of their contracting staff. And I think that the skill sets of the employees would be particularly important to look at because contracting staff is very competitive. The government is not only competing with other government agencies; it is competing for contracting talent in the private sector.    Mr. Zinser. So I think that there are steps being taken for training and schools for contracting officers, and I think that supporting those efforts would be good.    Mr. Zinser. Okay.    Mr. Zinser. Well, I think the simple answer on fish stocks is, as you were suggesting, better science. They have to rely on better science.    Mr. Zinser. Well, we could certainly do some work to find the areas where they are not doing that. We did some work probably four or five years ago where we did look to see whether NOAA was using--the Magnuson-Stevens Act best-available science----    Mr. Zinser . Then NOAA decides what that is.    Mr. Zinser. So we were not able to say that NOAA was not using best-available science because NOAA decides what the best-available science is.    Mr. Zinser. I do not know whether our office would have the expertise to do it, but there are organizations out there, the National Academy of Science for example----    Mr. Zinser . Who could do a study or provide some assistance on how we get beyond that issue of best-available science.    Mr. Zinser. Yes.    Mr. Zinser. What I do not know is, for example, whether NOAA uses peer review for fish stock--and I should know this, but I do not--and, if it does, who sits on those peer reviews?    Mr. Zinser. Thank you.    Mr. Zinser. Good morning.    Mr. Zinser. Yes, sir.    First, I think PTO is very focused on it since issues came to light last summer. I know that they are not ignoring the issue. It has brought in an outside party, the National Academy of Public Administration, to do a study and that is still ongoing.    We are having regular interactions with PTO management on the steps that it is taking; I can tell you a couple of them, for example. One is that it has allowed the supervisors to access records that they were not really easily approved to have before when they think an employee has not been answering calls and has not been responding to emails. In the past, they really were not able to use other computer records, for example, to see whether the employee logged on that morning. PTO has freed that up a little bit: the whole issue of holding the examiners accountable really boils down to the supervisors' interaction with their teams, and PTO is letting the supervisor now do more data gathering when they think that they have got an employee not reporting to work.    Another example is that PTO is allowing the supervisors to look at their docket management more frequently. In the past, they would not really look at the production of the employee on a regular basis. So you ran into this phenomenon called end-loading where, during a quarter, the patent examiner would have a number of applications assigned to him or her and there would be very little work done during the first part of the period, but at the end of the period the supervisor would be flooded with these applications. PTO is letting the supervisor now monitor the workload more frequently through the period to make sure that the employee or the examiner is working on a consistent basis.    Mr. Zinser. I would be happy to do that.offices when the EEO investigation was completed on Friday, February 13th. I have a copy of the letter here and the letter describes the violation that occurred and reaffirms your office's commitment to ensure that all Federal Equal Employment Opportunity laws are followed and reaffirms your office will not retaliate against employees who file EEO complaints. However, it is my understanding that this public letter and statement has yet to be posted by you or your office.    So the question, I guess, is have you posted the letter ordered by the Department of Commerce Office of Civil Rights, which found your office retaliated against a former employee, has that been done?    Mr. Zinser. I do not think it is posted yet; we are in the process of doing that. My understanding is that the employee has an opportunity, a 30-day window, to appeal. So part of the issue is to determine whether the employee is in that appeal window, but we are in the process of posting that on both a physical posting site and our internet site, sir.    Mr. Zinser. Well, yes, sir, that is the way the process works. The Department----    Mr. Zinser. Yes, sir. Well, the judgment was called a final agency decision, which means somebody in the Department issued the judgment versus a judge. And in that case, for example, the employee made 40 allegations. In one of them, the Departmental official ruled in the employee's favor on one of them. So if the employee felt, for example, that that judgment was deficient, the employee can appeal to the Office of Federal Operations at EEO. The IG's Office has no right to appeal any of it and we are not interested in doing that. It is just a logistical thing in terms of posting the letter.Commerce Office of Civil Rights dated Friday, February 13th, which found that a violation of Age Discrimination Employment Act as amended has occurred at this facility, and it seems to me that you were ordered to post this letter and you have not done that yet.    Mr. Zinser. Yes, sir. We do have a period of time to do that and we are in the process of doing it; it is a logistical issue.    Mr. Zinser. 25th.    Mr. Zinser. Well, okay, I told them to, but I brought my HR director into my office, informed her of the decision, and asked her to get it posted.    Mr. Zinser. Well, I asked her to work with our Counsel's office to get that accomplished, sir.    Mr. Zinser. We did have conversations with the Office of Civil Rights about that, sir, and, like I said, we are in the process of posting it.    Mr. Zinser. We will get it up.    Mr. Zinser. Congresswoman, I do not have insight into the hatchery issues in Washington State, but it would be something we would be very happy to look into. I know that NOAA has spent a lot of resources on salmon, but I have not tracked its----    Mr. Zinser. No, we would be happy to look at that.    Mr. Zinser. I would be happy to contact your office and run down these issues and make some inquiries.    Mr. Zinser. I think the estimating is very complicated. Census uses what is called a Monte Carlo process for estimating, which takes in all kinds of different variables and comes up with a range. The $18 billion estimate is at 80 percent of the Monte Carlo estimate. We have not gone in to audit that estimate; we are in the process of looking at it, though. It came up in the 2014 site test work that we are doing.    Mr. Zinser. Well, I think Census has to work in a number of areas; one is the address list. In 2010, it spent half a billion dollars going out and visiting every housing unit, putting in their GPS code and coming up with a master address file. That was very expensive and we think that there is technology they can use. Census is working very hard on this, to reduce that cost to not do a 100 percent address canvassing but more targeted address canvassing and use existing data from various private sector organizations that actually produce that kind of data.    I think the other thing that Census is doing is they are preparing to use the Internet, but in connection with that it has to get an advertising campaign or a social media campaign to get people to respond to the census via the Internet. It is testing that in the 2014 site test and probably more rigorously in the 2015 site test down in Savannah. I think Census has to use administrative records, if it can. I think it will be easier to use administrative records on the address-list issue, more complex on the enumeration, and Census is working on that right now.    And I think, finally, The bureau is going to reduce the number of local Census offices used in 2010 and will be able to do that by the way it re-engineered or restructured their field offices. It is going to be supervising enumerators from fewer local field offices based on technology.    Mr. Zinser. Well, I think one of the biggest risks is the IT systems that Census needs to put together to process all the data. It has a very ambitious IT project to combine all the various IT systems into one. In 2010, Census spent $1 billion on a contract that actually scanned in all of the paper forms received and then processed that data. That contract will not be necessary if the Bureau is able to put this IT system in place. Without that system in place, we are going to revert to 2010 and that would be very, very problematic.    Mr. Zinser. I believe it is by statute, sir. And what the Census Bureau did is, before 2010, use a long form and a short form. The Bureau did away with the long form during the 2010 decennial and went to the American Community Survey instead. And it is the American Community Survey that generates the most complaints about intrusive questions and that is done throughout the year. That is not an every-ten-year issue; that is done on a consistent, ongoing basis.    Mr. Zinser. Yes, sir. I do not know specifically what citizens view as intrusive. What we do know is that our hotline gets numerous calls from members of the public. The Census Bureau set up a separate point of contact for us to refer those individuals to. And so, when they come into our hotline, we do not really interview them about, well, which questions are you having problems with; it is more of a general complaint. We refer those to the Census Bureau, and the Census Bureau I believe has people who deal with those.    Mr. Zinser. Yes, sir. I would have to confirm this, but I do think that the Census Bureau has an effort underway to revisit some of the questions with a number of advisory groups that gives them feedback. And I can provide more information on that, but I do believe that the Census Bureau makes an effort to revisit the questions and the way to ask those questions.    Mr. Zinser. Thank you.