    Ms. Esty. Thank you, Madam Chair. I want to thank you and Chairman Loudermilk and Ranking Members Lipinski and Beyer for holding today's extremely important hearing. And as we've--as has already been noted, with three other breaches having been noted today in the private sector, it's very much on all of our minds.    Our national and personal security depends on a strong cybersecurity infrastructure, and the recent breaches that have been disclosed with OPM are to me particularly disturbing when I look at the security clearance records that could have been compromised. No credit check is going to make up for the risk to not just personal security but our nation's security for every individual who went through or was consulted as part of that system.    So I'd like you to think and maybe get back to us on what sort of protection and advice do we give on the national security front, on the security breach aspect because that is very different than your personal information to raid your bank account. That's a risk of grave concern for this country, which we haven't really discussed today.    It seems to me a number of issues have been raised and I want to quickly tick them off and then focus on the last. We need to understand the extent of vulnerability and that's been discussed at some length. The accountability for what's happened also been raised by other Members. And I want to focus on the last two, our capacity to address these issues in the future. That's a question in part of resources and that's been mentioned, both personnel resources--and Representative Bonamici raised an issue she and I share a grave concern and interest in, encouraging young people to pursue these fields and making sure we have enough capacity on both the private sector side and the public sector side. Is it a priority issue? Do we need to have different prioritization?    But the last issue I'd really like you to respond to is how do we move to a continuous monitoring or effectiveness model from what we've had, which is a compliance model? It seems to me we have a real challenge. Congress enacts laws. Laws are about compliance. They are snapshots in time that reflect our knowledge and technical capabilities. But as we've all discussed here today, these are evolving risks, and the moment we stick a pin in the butterfly and pin it down, it will change by the time we finish pushing that pin in.    So if you could discuss a little bit what can we do on the Congressional side and what can the agencies due to move to a mindset that is much more nimble and that is in a continuous mode because that's going to be both what our hard and software look like but also our mindset about what compliance actually means.    Ms. Esty. I see my time is expired.    Chairwoman Comstock. We want to be able to squeeze in our last two folks here.    Mr. Palmer, I recognize you for five minutes.