    Mr. DeSaulnier. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I really find this conversation interesting. Having grown up in two states that are not right-to-work states, Massachusetts, and have lived most of my live in the Bay Area, both areas that I would argue are cornerstones to innovation in this country but also have strong historical labor movements.    So while I appreciate the details of Mr. Mix and the issues about around what NLRB is about to do, I tend to believe that NLRB will do as it is designed to, as it is designed to do in the political context of who is appointed to that, depending on the administration. And then the courts will opine one way or the other.    So I am more interested in sort of the macro of--Mr. Lincoln once said that in the United States, we should always keep capital and labor roughly within balance. And he also said if capital were to become out of balance and superior, we would lose American democracy, which is my fear sitting here today.    And I say that as a former union member, but also as a former business owner of nonunion restaurants. I tended to think that if I treated my employees well, they wouldn't have a reason to organize. Sort of similar to what I have heard from the governor and previous comments.    So, Dr. Bruno, in the larger context, it seems irrefutable that we are in a period where we are in an economy that requires--is 70 percent consumer-driven. If you don't have people who are making enough income--and this is one of our challenges in the Bay Area where, by the way, we get a third of the venture capital in the United States comes to the innovative companies in the Bay Area. Our struggle is the cost of housing and the cost of living there.    And it seems pretty irrefutable that we need to have higher wages for people to buy tech products and be able to afford to live there.    So Dr. Bruno, I'd just like to ask you in your last comment, you said, ``the gradual decline in unionization has been found to be a driving force in the increase in income inequality both in the United States and across the world.''    In light of the comments that I made and the need to have a strong consumer class as your research, Dr. Gould, led you to believe at a larger level, we need to do some adjusting to the imbalance of capital markets and what we compensate workers for in America.    Mr. DeSaulnier. Thank you, Doctor.    I yield back the remainder of my time.