    Mr. Norcross. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I got to say, this is probably the most entertaining committee hearing I have been since sitting on Budget Committee. Sort of remarkable. And I would like to thank all of those testifying today. But I hear, live where you work. We are talking about Potterville here again. I think the only place you get to live where you work for free is in Congress when you live in your office. But that is a different story. I guess we will not go into that.    I have to disagree with my colleague who we got sworn in together, Congressman Brat, when he says, ``If you do not go to college you are stuck.'' No you are not.    You have choices. Those who go to serve our military, service to our country, is of great value. Those who go to the other four-year college called an apprenticeship, that is great value. You know, in this country versus Europe and many others it is somehow if you do not go to college you are less than. No they are not. They are great people living a great dream whether they were coal miners or truck drivers. That is exactly quality, accessible, affordable, flexible college.    What I want to talk about what we are seeing here and hearing here today. It literally is a tale of two countries. I think the data speaks for itself. We can interpret it very differently and I agree with my colleagues on this side of the aisle that the facts are irrefutable and you are not changing those. You heard it mentioned where we were a half a dozen years ago and where we are today.    There is a recovery. It is who is enjoying it or who can enjoy it? The disparity in wages has grown exponentially from those who are working with their hands and those who are running the companies. Fifteen million jobs, that is pretty good. But those are jobs that are much less than when they started, and that tends to be one of the concerns that I am dealing with middle class.    So, when they make a choice to do to college can they afford to send their kids there or are they saddled with a quarter of a million dollars of debt? I think we get back to a much more flexible system that addresses the real core issues of what is going on is probably the most important thing that we can do. But, when it comes to the comments, Dr. Smith, it is an interesting model. I just wanted to ask one quick question. You post the prices. Do you have specials like twins today get half price off? Do you do things like that?    Mr. Norcross. Okay, we would be interested in that. You do not have to answer that. Dr. Spriggs, minimum wage. There is a number of bills. I have one to increase that to $15 an hour by 2024, gradual increase and then to incentivize it with tax credits. My colleague Congressman Pocan, Senator Sanders joined together in a second bill called the Workplace Democracy giving the NLRB the ability to have essentially a check off, and certify those who are willing to come together to try to make it easier to form unions. There is a concern that the recovery is not felt by all. How do you think these two bills if they were to be enacted and signed into law would impact the economy?    Mr. Norcross. Thank you. I yield back.