    Mr. LaMalfa. I am hard to miss. I will try and do it in 3 minutes. Thank you, Secretary Jewell.    One of the concerns I have over the spill, and that is a precedent, pertains to the possibility of a similar situation which we could see in my district, near Redding, California, about 150 miles north of Sacramento. There is an inactive mine called the Iron Mountain Mine, which contains extremely acidic drainage. The acid would be, as I am told, 6,300 times as acidic as a battery, which is why Iron Mountain is considered one of the most toxic sites in the country.    What we are concerned about is that it would have an opportunity to drain to a small reservoir which then feeds into California's--one of the largest water systems--the Sacramento River system. Obviously, the concern that would go with that was something possibly happening there, if we did not follow the right protocols. That is a system that feeds into the drinking water and Ag. water, and affects the water for millions of people in the state.    There are several Interior agencies involved in Iron Mountain Mine, including BLM, Bureau of Reclamation, Fish and Wildlife, and the U.S. Geological Survey. Uncontrolled spills in the past have resulted in acidic release from Iron Mountain and have not been of big consequence yet--but California's water supply in drought or not drought is a huge concern.    We are concerned that Federal agencies, by trying to block a previous leak, the mine entrance failed because the waste is so acidic that it ate through the steel and concrete plug involved. We are going to have to think seriously about what is going to be a better permanent solution, and monitoring of that.    Can you describe any Federal efforts to address Iron Mountain continuously, and whether there is any perceived danger that you can see of that being a major problem in the near term, or a need to step up the levels of monitoring in the future.    Mr. LaMalfa. Please.    Mr. LaMalfa. And it has had problems in the past. Thankfully, it has been contained, and has not been a really, really bad problem, as with the example we have seen with Animas and all that here. We certainly do not want that to happen again; so, we would wish to work with you on that, and see what the protocols are.    Mr. LaMalfa. We want to ensure that the mine and that water system stay safe. Thank you.    Mr. LaMalfa. Three minutes, sir.    The Chairman. Thank you for doing that. She is grateful for you.    Mrs. Lummis, do you have a UC request?