    Ms. Lujan Grisham. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And I know many of my colleagues, including Congressman King, really talked about whether we are doing enough as we are importing, Dr. Beckham, beef from other countries, and whether or not we are doing everything that we can to ensure that we are not reintroducing Foot and Mouth, and other zoonotic diseases, with the viral capacity to really not just threaten our food supply and the herds, but in my state, when I look at the agricultural footprint and the value and importance of our cattle and beef industry, we could lose whole herds and farms and ranchers. That is something that certainly my constituents, and I know not just in my state, but all of us hear a lot about and are very, very concerned about. And while your efforts here to educate and to do surveillance, and that public health environment, I have to say I really applaud that we have a robust surveillance, education, and monitoring system here. But, as you were describing our abilities to do that outside of the U.S., it is not as robust, and it seems to me that we have a long way to go to create that kind of environment.    Is there anything else that you haven't had the time to hit on that gives us more confidence, because I am beginning to feel or be a little concerned that maybe that importation is a bit premature, given that we don't have those mechanisms in place in some of these other countries?    Ms. Lujan Grisham. All right.    Ms. Lujan Grisham. And I have no problem with the scientific evidence----    Ms. Lujan Grisham. And----    Dr. Beckham.--important for us to be able to do that.    Ms. Lujan Grisham. All right. And with the limited time I have left, Mr. Chairman, I would encourage the Committee to ask USDA to write to us and identify exactly what we can do when we suspect that these are not being followed, and to enhance those efforts to the highest degree that we can, because it doesn't seem to me like we are feeling very secure about our accountability efforts.    The Chairman. I thank the gentlelady. She yields back.    Mr. Benishek, 5 minutes.