    Ms. Bartol. Good morning, Mr. Chairman, and Members of the Subcommittee. My name is Nadya Bartol. I'm the Vice President of Industry Affairs and Cybersecurity Strategist at the Utilities Telecom Council. Thank you for the opportunity to testify today about the vulnerabilities of America's power supply.    UTC is a global trade association for the communications and information technology interest of electric, gas, and water utilities; pipeline companies; and other critical infrastructure industries.    Cybersecurity is a serious concern with respect to great vulnerability. It is a complex challenge that requires comprehensive process-driven solutions. It is and will remain a risk we must actively manage as long as society wants to have the conveniences of a modern world increasingly underpinned and enabled by smart interconnected technologies.    Some of the variables in the complex cybersecurity grid vulnerability landscape are outside of our span of control. Although there are a number of variables within our control, there's no easy way to fix them either, as mitigating those variables to an acceptable level may take a long time.    With respect to what is outside of our span of control, the grid is vulnerable to a variety of threats, including individual hackers, activist groups, cyber criminals, and nation states.    With respect to what is within our span of control, those vulnerabilities are related to the shortage of qualified cybersecurity workforce, age of legacy infrastructure, lack of legal framework for information sharing, and evolving practices for assuring security in supplier products and services.    The 2015 Global Information Security Workforce Study, an international survey of nearly 14,000 information security professionals published by ISC2, estimates the shortfall in the global information security workforce to reach 1.5 million by 2020. This problem is exacerbated in the energy space because we have two different sets of systems: systems that run the grid, referred to as operational technology (OT) and business systems that we refer to as information technology (IT). These two sets of systems command a different set of priorities that are served by individuals with different backgrounds, different vocabularies, and different goals and objectives.    We need to educate and train more people with a skill set blended across those two types of systems, IT and OT, in order to make a noticeable difference. This challenge impacts the energy utilities, numerous vendors that supply systems for the grid, as well as the integrators who design and integrate larger, more complex systems for utilities. The deficit of cybersecurity workforce permeates all levels of the energy utility organization, and the same is true for the entire energy utility ICS and ICT supply chain.    The technology of the grid is in itself a cybersecurity concern. The grid is based on layers that have accumulated over time, and the legacy structure was not designed to be secured because security was not a concern when that infrastructure was implemented. And utilities have been utilizing a variety of technologies, methods, and techniques to help manage and mitigate some legacy infrastructure's vulnerabilities. However, this is an ongoing concern, and acquiring and implementing such technologies, modifying network architectures, or replacing legacy infrastructure takes time and resources.    The energy sector suffers from inconsistent threat information throughout the sector. Progress has been made but we still need a legal framework for information sharing that would remove the barriers that remain. Building robust systems that can be resilient in the face of cybersecurity threats requires considering security from inception. Utilities rely on vendors for systems design, development, implementation, and maintenance and are working on their approaches to productively communicate their assurance needs and then monitor the underperformance against those.    Recently published standards and best practices provide requirements, methods, and techniques that help address this challenge. This includes NIST Cybersecurity Framework which is broadly used in the energy space.    Cybersecurity is a complex challenge that cannot be solved overnight or permanently. It does not lend itself to a cookbook of solutions, nor can we envision every possible scenario to mitigate. We're dealing with an asymmetric threat. However, we can act to reduce the cyber-related vulnerabilities of the grid. These actions include increasing supply of cybersecurity workforce that understands both IT and OT contexts, financially enable utilities to upgrade or phase out their legacy infrastructures, enacting information-sharing legislation that removes current barriers, and supporting industry-based standardization and NIST framework implementation to help integrate security considerations into current and future technologies.    I look forward to further dialogue.    Ms. Bartol. I don't believe there's a list as you're describing, and it really--what's needed depends on each individual utility's configuration and architecture. There are standards that provide a set of processes and so to say rules that help organizations think through how to do this well, to help them think through putting together processes and relationships with suppliers that are more robust than otherwise. And those--there's--in this document--there's an international ISO document specifically just for security and supply relationships. There's an IEC document for control systems. So there's a number of standards. They tend to look at the process more than specific configuration because it all depends on individual----    Ms. Bartol. A list of approved tested equipment would be tremendously helpful. My only reservation here is that, once you put a list in stone, if it's hard to get on it, then it would stifle innovation. So it can be done, it should be done, it needs to be done carefully, and there are several groups trying to work on this kind of a concept right now.    Ms. Bartol. To my knowledge, the information gathered from the smart meters is information about electricity usage. Nothing that qualifies as personal information is gathered. The vulnerability lies in the fact that this is smart technology, this is IP internet protocol-accessible technology and lots of access points, a lot more access points than before. So the Swiss cheese is bigger and you have more opportunity to come in. That's the vulnerability really.    Ms. Bartol. It's not prohibited but it is difficult due to various unclarities and restrictions that do exist. We--you know, the industry appreciates two bills passed by the House before summer, and we hope that the Senate will pass the information-sharing bill. It's about giving liability protections to organizations that need to share and it's mostly about the threat indicators. There's--it sort of made of data that comes in and you put in your system. That's what's being----    Ms. Bartol. We need to educate the society about their behavior on the internet and educate specifically in the case of energy industry the people who work in the utility, from executives to people on the ground, boots on the ground, especially the small utilities that the Chairman discussed. They have one IT guy or maybe a security guy at the same time. It's a matter of expertise; it's a matter of knowledge. There may be technologies and techniques they might not know. So education is huge here.