    Mr. Van Dyke. Well, thank you very much, and good morning, Chairman Thompson, Ranking Member Lujan Grisham, and Members of the Subcommittee. I thank you for the opportunity to come before you to testify this morning on conservation programs in the 2014 Farm Bill.    I am Brent Van Dyke, First Vice President of the National Association of Conservation Districts, and as a retired agriculture teacher and FFA advisor for 31 years, my wife and I farmed, irrigated alfalfa and Coastal Bermuda hay in Hobbs, and also run a commercial and registered cattle operation in southeastern New Mexico.    NACD in America represents 3,000 soil and water conservation districts and 17,000 elected government officials that take conservation to the local level. The conservation districts are local units of government established under state law to carry out natural resource management programs at the local level.    Conservation districts work with cooperating landowners and operators in all 50 states as well as U.S. territories to help manage and protect land and water resources on private lands as well as lands of the United States. Our nation's farmers and landowners deserve to have long-term certainty to effectively and efficiently manage their land. Locally led conservation is critical for America's long-term environmental and economic stability.    Not only do farm bill conservation programs play a key role in supporting clean air, clean water, and productive soils, they also help producers avoid unnecessary regulation and promote our nation's food security and sustainability.    NACD appreciates the leadership of this Subcommittee in crafting a successful conservation title in the 2014 Farm Bill. We worked closely with the Committee throughout the process in developing the bill and strongly supported its final passage. Since that time, we have remained focused on successful program implementation to ensure programs work efficiently and effectively for landowners. We thank USDA for moving programs forward with an efficient and aggressive implementation process.    In the inaugural year of Regional Conservation Pilot Program, conservation districts are one of the most highly represented entities among the selected proposals. In New Mexico, RCPP is allowing for us to forge new partnerships with other Federal agencies and allowing ranches with Forest Service and BLM permits to do landscape scale projects and management and improvements of their entire operation.    The checkerboard ownership that has made this kind of watershed projects impossible in the past, but this year, last month, as a matter of fact, I met with NRCS Chief Jason Weller in Espanola, New Mexico, where we toured the oldest acequia in the nation. And acequia is a traditional water management system dating back to the Spanish colonial times.    The program has helped fund acequias and other critical irrigation systems through RCPP. This is just one example of the successful projects being implemented at local levels thanks to this new program.    Local soil and water districts also remain key partners within NRCS to efficiently and effectively enroll landowners into two key programs that enable them to best manage their resources on their land, the Conversation Stewardship Program, CSP, and Environmental Quality Incentives Program, better known as EQIP. The 2014 Farm Bill made a historic commitment to maintaining and repairing infrastructure associated with the nation's thousands of small watershed structures. Some of these structures are decades past their original design lifespan. The small watershed program benefits to rural and urban communities across the country add up to stronger infrastructure, better water management, and national disaster mitigation.    Increasing funds for conservation technical assistance remains a top priority for conservation districts in Fiscal Year 2016 agriculture appropriation funding. Districts are uniquely positioned to work with NRCS technical service providers and other partners to expand CTA capacity to get more conservation to the ground. In New Mexico, CTA has been expanded thanks to partnerships that matches Federal funding with state funding.    Before I close, I want to thank the Chairman and Ranking Member for sponsoring the Concurrent Resolution 30, which recognizes the value of locally led soil and water conservation and the role of conservation districts within those efforts across the nation.    The Senate unanimously agreed to the resolution last month, and we look forward to working with you to move it forward in the House.    Thank you for the opportunity to testify today on behalf of the nation's conservation districts and their state and territory associations. I will be happy to answer any questions.    Mr. Van Dyke. Well, thank you very much, and I strongly believe the majority of producers out there want to do the right thing, and they obviously are the stewards of the land. Their livelihood depends on healthy lands, healthy soil, healthy air, clean water. And as we deal with Federal regulations like the Clean Water Act and the Endangered Species Act, voluntary farm-based conservation programs can help positively address those issues.    And like myself, I farm and ranch because it is something that my family has always done, and I want to pass on that operation to my children, and I cannot do that if I destroy the environment in any way. I think the majority of producers are proactive. I think soil and water districts need to address local issues and find local solutions. That is what we have been doing for 80 years and have the relationships to do that. We are all about clean water and clean air.    Mr. Allen of Georgia. Okay. Mr. Rice. Mr. Allen, I am sorry.    Mr. Van Dyke. Well, thank you. We in New Mexico are so excited to have the RCPPs. Acequias, as we all know in New Mexico, are traditional. They represent rural New Mexico. They represent those communities that have been there forever, long family heritage and traditions, and we don't want those children leaving those communities because they do not have the opportunity to make a living, provide for their families, and it is amazing how RCPP, which prior to 2014, never had the opportunity to qualify for some of these programs.    And with the alternative funding and flexibility that is now in with the RCPP, it gives us the opportunity to address those natural resource concerns with input from those local communities and the local people who do have the answers to some of those resource concerns and bringing in non-traditional partners. Partnerships is what it is all about, whether you are in Chama, New Mexico or Carlsbad, Clovis, New Mexico, it is all about partnerships, and RCPP brings those people to the table to identify those needs and come up with solutions.    Everybody, that way, has skin in the game, so they really are more concerned with its success. And you are absolutely correct, the ability to address those acequia issues is so important to New Mexico, so we appreciate that, another tool in that NRCS toolbox.    Mr. Van Dyke. Well, thank you. And I concur with you, the effects of not being in compliance could be very negative, but through our national organization communication outreach, we have done a good job of reaching out to those producers, starting at the national level with our E-notes and our mailings, working through our state associations. Every state association also had outreach not only nationally, and then that outreach also goes down to the local level because there is a local soil and water conservation district in just about every community in the United States, so starting with the national down through the state associations, and then the base, the locals' own water districts getting out to their cooperators.    And the unique thing about soil and water districts is those supervisors that are elected locally are usually leaders in their community in agriculture and conservation, so they will help disseminate that type of information. So those are the areas that we have worked to get the word out about AD-1026.    The Chairman. Okay very good. Well, I appreciate the work that you have done and others and certainly the USDA, and hopefully we won't have a lot of folks who are caught by surprise of not knowing that to qualify for that, it is a self-certification, but you did need to fill that form out by a certain date.    Mr. Allen, in your testimony you mentioned that as a stand-alone program, EQIP and CSP are not necessarily geared towards rice production, but with the flexibility in the RCPP, USA Rice has been able to tailor those programs to achieve the conservation goals of rice farmers. Can you expand on that and give me some examples of how this is being done?