    Mr. BECERRA. Mr. Chairman, thank you very much.    Mr. O'Carroll, congratulations to you on your service to our country and to the many people who rely on Social Security.    Mr. Chairman, Social Security must work continuously to prove to all those people in America who paid into it, over the years, that their benefits will be there. And that is perhaps why over 80 years Social Security has been able to pay in full and on time to every American who contributed since its inception.    The other thing that Social Security must do is make sure, like any organization, it provides quality service in dispensing those benefits because people have paid through their taxpayer dollars for that.    And finally, as the chairman points out, the last thing we want to see is that the money that people contribute to Social Security into the trust fund is used for the wrong reasons, whether because of fraud, or waste or abuse. And so the Social Security system and all the people, the good people who work for it, including Mr. O'Carroll, have an obligation for the people who are paying their salaries and paying for this to happen to do it the right way.    Over the last decade there are some 10 million more Americans today who are receiving Social Security benefits than there were just back in 2006, 10 million more. And because of the baby boomers that is going to continue to increase for quite some time. More and more Americans are now finally being able to take advantage of the benefits that they paid years and years to be able to earn and receive.    And because Social Security has so many highly skilled employees who are there to provide the services, they have been able to have an on time, in full track record for 80 years. But that line of defense for good customer service and to fight fraud is in jeopardy. I would like to put up some slides.    What we have seen here in this first slide is, it documents what we already know. Inadequate funding of Social Security has taken a toll. Let's go to the next slide.    Mr. O'Carroll--who is about to testify in his written testimony to us--makes a point, as workloads have increased and its own workforce has undergone a retirement wave, the Social Security Administration had to encounter a difficult fiscal climate and resulting in budgetary constraints.    Resources for Social Security overall in its services and operations for more than 160 million Americans who are paying into it, and some 50 to 60 million Americans who are receiving their benefits, those resources have fallen. The severe underfunding is evident here in these slides as you can see.    If you were to take a look at the chart on the left, the funding that Social Security has received overall has fallen over the last 6 years. And if you were to take out the money that Congress has given to do fraud detection, to fight the fraudsters, the cuts would be severe to the overall operations and services that the Social Security Administration provides to a growing number of people collecting the benefits, which are reflected in the chart to the right. We are providing, as Congress, fewer and fewer resources to an agency that is having more and more people who are putting--making a demand on its services and rightfully so because they paid for them.    Congress is shortchanging Social Security and Americans who paid for that Social Security are watching Social Security move towards a system of mediocrity. Congress is baking in mediocrity, into the Social Security system, if we don't provide the resources to handle a growing number of Americans who expect to get their services.    Now Social Security still does its work at less than 1 percent cost in administration. Put it another way, you won't find a company, an insurance company or any company in America that can say it operates at 1 percent administrative cost. And if you can, please put them before us because we want to learn from them. But Social Security is doing yeoman's work with fewer and fewer resources.    Mr. O'Carroll will testify to some of the activities that Social Security must do, but let's remember a few things. If Social Security has fewer frontline people working for it today, and this chart reflects it, than it had in 2010, to deal with an increase in the number of tens of millions of people who are receiving benefits, some 10 million more people over the last 10 years, it becomes very difficult for those people--a shrinking number of workers--to provide those services.    And so Mr. Chairman, it is important--next slide please--as you can see backlogs grow. Next slide--wait times for appeals for people who paid into the system grow. The next slide. And people making calls to Social Security for services must wait longer. It is not the way we should operate. We have to make sure that Social Security can have the resources it needs to provide the services to people who paid into the system.    Mr. Chairman, with that, I will yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. BECERRA. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Again, Mr. O'Carroll, thank you for the work you have been doing. And I am going to continue to probe on this issue, because I think you need the resources to go out there and do the fraud detection act. I remember visiting with you in our Los Angeles bureau that you have out there. Your team is excellent, they are doing yeoman's work. They wish they had more resources and more personnel because they knew that if they had the time they probably could ferret out some of the folks who are trying to take advantage of that Social Security money that other people have paid. So thank you for everything your team has done. Please not only applaud them, tell them we hear them. We are trying to get more resources to do their work.    I want to call your attention to the slide that I mentioned earlier, because it points out on the left side, the left chart, how Social Security has received less funding over the years, which makes it tough. The one exception of course, that we put up there, is in the light blue. That is the money for you to do those investigative projects to go after folks. Now you just mentioned that last year we gave you the authority to expand to 50 States. How many States were you in before when we said go to 50 States?    Mr. BECERRA. Good. And I remember when you came to Los Angeles I think you were barely at around 20.    Mr. BECERRA. Twenty States that had an investigative team to go out there and detect fraud. So now you are up to 40 and with this money you will probably get to go to the 50 States, which is what we need to do. We don't want to stop Social Security recipients from getting their money simply because we don't have enough fraud detection in that State to prevent that.    Would you be able to expand to 50 States if we cut--that light blue chart, the column there that gives you that extra money-- would you be able to go to 50 States?    Mr. BECERRA. Could you expand to 50 States if you didn't get those extra resources?    Mr. BECERRA. Yes. In other words, to do your good work, to hire the quality people, you need the resources?    Mr. BECERRA. And so, what makes it difficult for the Social Security Administration is if Congress continues to shortchange Social Security's ability to do its work, whether in fraud detection or in basic service. Let me go to the next chart that I showed previously.    There you go. Now there is a hidden backlog that is growing and growing. And while you have extra money to do the fraud detection, there are a whole bunch of services out there where we are not providing the adequate funding to get the job done. And it could be something as simple as making sure someone's bank account change is adequately addressed so we don't have any potential fraud in the future. Or someone gets correct information about their Medicare account. Or someone repays an overpayment that they got from Social Security that should not stay with them. Or perhaps they were underpaid and now Social Security has to give them a little bit back. All of those things are being delayed because the Social Security Administration has lost about 10 percent of its workforce and it has gained about 10 million new people to service in about the last 10 years.    Let's go to the next chart: Appeals. You are familiar with this because so much of the fraud occurs with people who apply for Social Security benefits and don't deserve it. Yet you have a whole bunch of folks who do deserve, who are waiting now, in the hundreds of days, to have their appeal for benefits heard, to get them. And this is what happens when--in late 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009 we started to provide more resources to bring down that backlog. But 2010 the cuts started, 2011 cuts, 2012, 2013, 2014, 2015. Finally 2016 we gave a little bit more. You can see what happens when you don't provide the resources.    And so, Mr. O'Carroll, I think all of us want to make sure that you can do your work because you have to be the front line. If someone gets through that door for the wrong reasons, it is going to take us a while to find them and capture them and get them off the rolls. But if you could do your work well, and that is why you got that extra money now to go to 50 States, then we have one level of protection. But we need to make sure that all the good people of Social Security have the resources they need to make sure the services are properly performed. If we could go to the next chart.    No one wants to wait three times as long to have their phone call answered, even if they are not trying to do any kind of fraud. They are just trying to get their services. But if there aren't personnel doing that because they had to help your fraud detection unit get the information they need, then all of a sudden people are waiting on the phone a long time. And so this is a matter of making sure our priorities are straight. People paid for their Social Security benefits, they earned them. We should make sure they have the services that go with them. Thank you.    Mr. BECERRA. Thank you.