    Mr. Lipinski. Thank you, Madam Chairwoman, and welcome to our distinguished panel here today.    I am pleased we are having this hearing to review the Fiscal Year 2016 budget proposals for the National Science Foundation and the National Institute for--of Standards and Technology.    There is a lot to cover when we discuss these two critical agencies, and I believe that we would have been better able to examine these budgets with two separate hearings but I am hopeful that we can give a thoughtful and thorough consideration here today.    As many of you know, I have said many times from when I first came here ten years ago how NSF and the role that this Committee plays in overseeing NSF is one of the big reasons I wanted to serve on this Committee when I got to Congress, and I want to thank both NSF and NIST for the great work that you are doing.    The National Science Foundation is the only agency in our government that supports fundamental research across all fields of science and engineering. NSF has always been the primary source of federal support in a variety of fields, including the social and economic sciences. As other agencies such as DARPA and NIH have increasingly shifted to a more mission-focused and translational research, NSF has become the primary source of support for many more fields.    $7 billion sounds like a lot of money and of course it is. However, given the breadth and depth of our nation's scientific talent and their capacity to transform the world through scientific and technological breakthroughs, $7 billion still leaves a lot of excellent ideas on the cutting room floor. NSF is requesting a 5.2 percent increase in its budget for Fiscal Year 2016, which I believe is fully justified and I am going to strongly support.    I would like to highlight a couple of items in the NSF request. I am pleased to see the increase for the very successful Innovation Corps, also known as the I-Corps program. If my newer colleagues are unfamiliar with I-Corps, I urge them to get a briefing from NSF.    Being from Chicago, I am also interested in the INFEWS Initiative and the positive impacts research in that area could have on water quality in the Great Lakes.    Today, we are also looking at the budget request for NIST, the most important, least-known agency in our government, which has a budget of less than $900 million. NIST has always been the world's premier measurement science and standards organization. In recent years, policymakers in Congress and the White House have called on NIST to take on leadership roles in an increasing number of critical areas, including cybersecurity, disaster resilience, forensic science, and advanced manufacturing. On the one hand it is a great compliment to NIST that we entrust them with these responsibilities and they continue to live up to our expectations. On the other hand, many of these responsibilities have been making it difficult for the agency to carry out its mission.    NIST is requesting a 30 percent increase but over a relatively small base. I fully support NIST's request in light of all the increased responsibilities.    I hope that all my colleagues will join me in urging full funding for NIST laboratories and construction budget. NIST infrastructure is 40 to 50 years old and much of it is crumbling. As they face the same wave of retirements that many of our agencies face, NIST is struggling to attract top new talent. If we do not fully fund this agency, we may be compromising its ability to remain the world's leader in measurement science and standards development. This would be a heavy blow to our economic growth and security given the importance of NIST's work.    Before I close, I want to say a few words about legislation I expect will come before this Committee soon in regards to reauthorizing both of these agencies. Last year, the agencies were not given the opportunity to testify on the reauthorizing legislation before we marked it up. I am sure there will be some questions from both sides today that will be relevant to any new reauthorization bill, but it is important to allow these agencies to testify again once legislation has been introduced. This will allow our Subcommittee and full Committee to better understand the impact of any proposals for consequential policy changes.    I look forward to this morning's testimony and discussion and I yield back.    Mr. Lipinski. Thank you. I want to start with Dr. Cordova, and I have a number of questions. Hopefully we can have a second round and maybe get through a couple here. But, Dr. Cordova, I know you have been actively engaged on improving transparency and accountability at NSF and I want to thank you for that. I want to join the Chairman in thanking you for that because all of us want to make sure that the research dollars are being spent in the best way possible.    But I want to give you an opportunity to explain to the Members, especially new Members on the Committee, just what you are doing that is new for transparency and accountability.    Mr. Lipinski. Thank you very much. I know as a former academic how tough cultural change is.    I don't have much time but I want to throw this question out. SBE, the Social and Behavioral Science and Economics directorate, can you--Dr. Cordova, can you talk about how important that is to solving grand challenges that we have in health, energy, education, national security, cybersecurity, and so many other things?    Mr. Lipinski. Thank you. I thank the Chairwoman for indulging me there.    Chairwoman Comstock. Great.    And I now recognize Chairman Smith for questions.    Mr. Lipinski. Thank you very much.    I know we have a hard stop so we can't ask any more questions. I just wanted to thank you all for being here. One thing I was going to address but we talked about I-Corps. I am glad--very happy to see the strong support, strong number for I-Corps in the budget. I have been--everyone knows I have been the biggest supporter of that and it is great to see that it is very successful.    And, Dr. May, I am going to submit a question for the record about NIST activities concerning spectrum sharing also, but thank you all again very much and thank you, Mr. Chairman.