    Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and welcome to all the panelists today.    Ms. Harned, I serve on the Financial Services Committee as well and do a lot of work with regards to financial services issues, Dodd-Frank regulations, CFPB and, overreach. In fact, I am the author of the bill to stop Operation Chokepoint which affects lots and lots of small businesses. It is not based on whether they are doing something illegal, but based on the political bent and/or value system of the agencies, DOJ and FDIC in particular, with regards to certain individual industries. What is your experience with your members with regards to Operation Chokepoint, and have you seen a decline since FDIC has changed their policy?    Mr. LUETKEMEYER. According to their own emails, their own internal emails, there is a concerted effort and a culture within these agencies that allows this to happen. So my question also, is have you seen as a result of this a decrease in the access to capital for your members?    Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Sure.    Mr. Sullivan, as an advocate for small businesses, I am sure you deal with a lot of different regulatory agencies. Have you seen the willingness of the agencies to work with you with regards to--I know a number of the panelists have made comments about concerns when rules are issued, nobody really does their analysis. I think it was 8 percent of the rules have basically a cost-benefit analysis done on it or any sort of other analysis, which is 92 percent short of the goal of what it should be. When you go back and talk to the bureaucracies, do they recognize this? Are they willing to work with you?    Mr. LUETKEMEYER. My question, sir, they are working with you but do they listen? Because I can tell you from talking with folks who have gone to some of these agencies, the fiduciary rule is a recent example. The QM rule with regards to qualified mortgages in CFPB, they ignored the discussion and the visits, because I had a group come to my office, and they said for the 42nd--we were the 42nd group to go in and talk to CFPB about the problems with QM and they said, well, we still know better than you what to do. It appears to me that even though you go talk to them, there is this attitude that we know better than you. Do you see that as prevalent, yes or no?    Mr. LUETKEMEYER. This is my concern because as I go home every week and I talk to my small business folks at home and I ask them, if you had one rule or regulation that you could get rid of, what would it be? They will tell me, you know what? It is not one particular one. It is this combination of all of them. It is the straw that finally breaks the camel's back. It is not knowing what is coming to us next that is a concern to us, and as a result, we are sitting on our cash. I have small businesses that are sitting on tons of cash. They want to expand, hire people, put a new line in their manufacturing plant, and cannot because they do not know what is coming down the pike next. It is this uncertainty that causes us to not have, I believe, the kind of economy we could have. When you look at creating fewer businesses in the last 7 years than we have lost, that is a problem, and I know it affects you, Ms. Harned.    I yield back the balance of my time. Thank you.