    Ms. Carruthers. Thank you very much, Representative. It is a pleasure working with you.    Ms. Carruthers. Mezzo soprano.    Ms. Carruthers. Thank you, Chairman Shuster, Ranking Member DeFazio, and distinguished members of the committee for this opportunity to testify on FEMA's role in local land-use decisions. My name is Heather Carruthers, and I am an elected county commissioner from Monroe County, Florida, home of the Florida Keys. And today I am representing the National Association of Counties.    The topic of this hearing is of great importance to my county and to many other counties across the United States. In fact, in Monroe County we have been dealing with this issue for more than three decades, initially through locally originated efforts, and eventually through the courts.    The National Flood Insurance Program is vital to us, and any changes to the program and its requirements directly affect our residents, businesses, and local economy. Although counties are highly diverse across the country, we share many of the same goals and responsibilities. We establish local land-use policies that protect our natural resources and environment, but also provide the tools and foundation needed for development that helps our communities. In Monroe County we have worked diligently to identify solutions that help us balance both of these goals. Today my remarks will focus on three points.    First, local governments work daily to craft land-use policies that protect endangered species, mitigate disasters, and facilitate economic development in compliance with existing State and Federal species protection regulations. In most States, land-use planning and regulation is carried out primarily at the local level. Through this land-use authority, we help to shape the local communities within our jurisdictions.    In my county we have approximately 30 endangered and threatened species. We work to protect these species and their habitats in many ways, including establishing ordinances that limit construction and development in specific areas of the county. Our local regulations cap building permits for many reasons, the most important of which is to protect environmentally sensitive land. These local land-use policies are developed through extensive coordination with our communities, as well as our State and Federal partners. We have long required coordination with the Fish and Wildlife Service before issuing any building permits.    Second, because NFIP is so important to our flood-prone communities, local governments have little choice but to comply with its participation requirements. In 2012, the Government Accountability Office estimated that about 95 percent of the Nation's counties had NFIP policies in their jurisdictions. In Monroe County, we have over 27,000 NFIP policies, and Florida, as a whole, has over 1.8 million.    The importance of the NFIP to our county was highlighted when, in 2005, a Federal court halted issuance of new NFIP policies for nearly 50,000 parcels in Monroe County, following a lawsuit filed for conservation groups, even though we had already carefully developed comprehensive land-use policies to protect our environment and native species. For 7 years, this FEMA injunction remained in place, and owners of the parcels were unable to build. Construction costs skyrocketed, and the permitting process dragged. We documented instances of homeowners paying over $1,000 more in permit fees, and waiting almost a year for Fish and Wildlife Service approval before they could proceed.    The only homeowners and businesses that were able to move forward were those with deep pockets who could do without flood insurance. And as you can imagine, this really hurt our working families and small businesses. It further slowed economic growth and drove up business and housing costs.    Finally, species protection regulations carried out through NFIP have typically been one-size-fits-all solutions that consider neither the variance in local communities nor our existing species protection efforts. As a result of the previously mentioned lawsuit, reasonable and prudent alternatives, RPAs, required our county to revise our flood damage prevention ordinances. We were required to implement a new permit process that was essentially a repackaging of existing county regulations with multiple layers of added bureaucracy. Owners of properties within endangered species habitat areas were already required to seek Fish and Wildlife Service approval before getting county permits for development.    FEMA's review did not take into consideration the unique circumstances of our county ordinances and procedures. Ultimately, no additional habitat acreage was protected. In short, the entire process added no real value to the species protective measures we had already developed and enforced. It simply added more redtape and cost. As you can see from this permit review process flow chart, this is what is required of a homeowner--property owner before they can get a building permit. And this does not even include what happens at Fish and Wildlife or FEMA.    So thank you again, Chairman Shuster, Ranking Member DeFazio, and members of the committee, for this opportunity to provide the local perspective on how advancing species protection efforts through NFIP is problematic and ultimately counterproductive at the local level. And I am happy to answer any questions that you may have.    Ms. Carruthers. Sure. Thank you very much for the question.    The difficulty for us is that it simply adds a level of bureaucracy, time, staff time that--and yields no real benefit in terms of endangered species protection. However, we are required to do it because the flood insurance program is so important to our community. We saw no net increase in the acreage, habitat acreage that was protected. We simply saw a greater amount of paperwork, frankly.    You know, FEMA----    Ms. Carruthers. Absolutely. I mean, we--you know, we--as I mentioned, we have over 30 endangered species and threatened species in the Keys. We are--for us, our environment is our economy. So we are very concerned with preserving the best aspects of that environment, and the--our ecosystem. So, you know, we seek to work with our governmental partners to do that, but only where it seems to make sense. And this is a case where it doesn't make sense, it simply complicates the process.    Ms. Carruthers. Well, thank you for that question. I mean, to me, I think that being able--that directing--well, first, I am not convinced that endangered species protection is a FEMA responsibility. It think that there are plenty of other entities that take care of that issue. So, I am--I would--if it is within Congress' authority to remove FEMA from that particular aspect of this, it seems to make sense to me.    You know, conversely, the Endangered Species Act requires every Federal entity to comply with its regulations. So if we--why stop at FEMA? Why not talk about low-income housing assistance? Why not talk about mortgages in general? I mean, you know, at some point we need to be--we need to make sure that the folks who can do a particular job well are given the tools to do that job well, and everybody else gets out of the way.    Ms. Carruthers. Thank you very much.    Ms. Carruthers. Nothing significant that I----    Ms. Carruthers. Surplus lines, possibly.    Ms. Carruthers. Thank you, Congressman, for your question.    You know, as I see that, no. In other words, the RPAs don't have anything to do with how one mitigates if one were to build. It only has to do with where one builds, and those issues are already addressed through our restrictions such as our categorization of each property, based on its environmental sensitivity, based on its location, whether it is near a population center, or U.S. 1, or not, based on its habitat quality. So that doesn't really impact--have anything to do with mitigation against damage from flood.    Ms. Carruthers. If I may, thank you, Congressman Costello. And I think you framed the issue correctly.    You know, we see FEMA as a partner in protecting our community, particularly as it relates to flood and disaster response. However, this is an area that is outside of its realm of responsibility, and it is outside of its wheelhouse. And we don't believe it adds value to the process, and it essentially creates an unfunded mandate for local governments.    Fifteen percent of our staff and of our operating budget is for growth management, and we only issue 197 permits a year. It does not make sense. And it is primarily because of regulations like this that we are forced to comply with----    Ms. Carruthers. Thank you, Congressman DeFazio. Well, let's see. Probably since 1990, frankly, when the environmental groups sued the Government, sued FEMA and NFIP. We were not party to that suit. There was a settlement agreement between NFIP and Fish and Wildlife that resulted in these RPAs that we now are forced to enforce.    But in the 15 years that it took for this suit to get--to be finalized, and the settlement to be reached, we had already been in the process of updating our comprehensive plan to protect endangered species. And, frankly, everything that is in the RPAs was simply taken from our data and our regulations and repackaged and given back to us to enforce in a new way.    So, it literally resulted in no net value to the process, no net improvement in protection of endangered species that we already care very much about.    Ms. Carruthers. There is cost and, frankly, I haven't added it up. But as I mentioned earlier, we have a huge growth management department, and we have essentially no growth in our country. We have property owners that have not been able to--that were not able to build.    And it also, you know, contributes to our issues with takings, as Mr. Chandler said, as well. We have huge takings issues in our county, and we litigate against those. So it has been quite a burden on our residents.    Ms. Carruthers. Improvement.