    Mr. Pompeo. Great, thank you, Mr. Chairman. And thank you for your patience today. You have been with us a long time. We are getting toward the end and so a lot of the questions have been asked. And so maybe I will open the aperture just a little bit, starting with this. Do you believe that the American taxpayer has received good value for the tens of billions of federal dollars that have been spent on carbon capture technologies to date, yes or no?    Mr. Pompeo. OK, whatever the number is, sir----    Mr. Pompeo . Do you think we have gotten good value for----    Mr. Pompeo . That?    Mr. Pompeo. Great, thank you. I think they look more like slender than success, so we disagree. Yes or no, do you agree with French Foreign Minister who has said that the global climate change agreement that is being negotiated this year should be worded in a way that does not require congressional approval? Yes or no.    Mr. Pompeo. So----    Mr. Pompeo . Do you think--I will ask it more----    Mr. Pompeo . Directly----    Mr. Pompeo. The government that you are a part of is negotiating an agreement this year, at the end of the year, it intends to enter into an agreement, they have made that very clear. Do you believe that the agreement that the United States enters into ought to be submitted for congressional approval?    Mr. Pompeo. So I can't get you to say----    Mr. Pompeo . Yes, that you think that a climate agreement should be approved by Congress.    Mr. Pompeo. I will take that as a no. Today, we have had a lot of questions about crude exports. It seems to me that the only country that you are currently advocating to export crude oil is Iran. Is that right?    Mr. Pompeo. Well, you are sitting in a set of negotiations where we are going to free-up the Iranians to export their crude products, but you won't advocate for Americans to be able to export their crude products. Is that----    Mr. Pompeo. The situations are identical. It would benefit each country greatly to be able to access foreign markets and sell their products at market prices around the globe, and both consumers and exporters would benefit from those in both countries if they are opened up. Do you agree with that or disagree?    Mr. Pompeo. I mean it is a simple question----    Mr. Pompeo . Mr. Secretary.    Mr. Pompeo. It is not a trick question.    Mr. Pompeo. And if we lifted ours----    Mr. Pompeo . It would help ours too.    Mr. Pompeo. Right. You don't believe in supply and demand when it comes to crude--which you think no more supply will be lodged. So we have been through that. In 18 months there will be a new President, although maybe not a new Secretary of Energy. One never knows. Your QER was prepared based on this President's vision of greenhouse gases, their impact around the world, and America's role in diminishing them. If the next President comes in and has a different view with respect to that, tell me what remains of the value of the QER work that you all did.    Mr. Pompeo. Yes, I just have a different view of what is in the QER. When I stare at it, I see the analysis and I appreciate that. I agree with your analysis of the requirements for increased infrastructure. We don't disagree there. But it seems to me most of what is in the QER was aimed at federal intervention in the marketplace. You have several references to classic market failure with respect to public goods and negative externalities. I think much of the conclusions in the QER about how that infrastructure will be ultimately built out, and who will decide which infrastructure will be built out, is heavily dependent on this President's vision for climate change and how the United States can impact that. And I just think it was a wonderful exercise, I am glad we did the work with respect to infrastructure, but I think the conclusions drawn on the QER will need to be revisited immediately by the next Administration.    With that, I yield back, Mr. Chairman.