    Mr. Issa. Thank you.    Thank you, Mr. Secretary, and thank you for your service and for being in many ways one of the leading characters on foreign policy long before you came to this job.    Today we are primarily talking, obviously, about budget requests, and I think I will try to stick mostly to that, but I wanted to first of all thank you for the work that is being done on the 123 Agreements, South Korea and China. I am very supportive of our partner in South Korea and in trying to meet their expectations. Obviously, we have great concerns about any agreement with a country like China, who has a record of not keeping those agreements. And we will be looking at it, and I appreciate your continued work on it and the Assistant Secretary's work.    Additionally, as we talked about just a little bit in the back, the Embassy security around the world and the rate at which the State Department has slowed in the construction of new Embassies and consulates, which, from my observation both here and in another committee, seems to have more to do with a return to one-off designs rather than the standard build that was working so well for many years.    Can you briefly tell us--can you--can you say that the new system is going to deliver the same speed and cost that the other had did because, quite frankly, so far, the Embassies being built, including the Embassy in Beirut that I am deeply concerned about, appear to be, again, one-off designs that have more architectural uniqueness to them than they should. Obviously, the moat that surrounds the unique design in London might be very British, but it concerns us at a cost of $1.2 billion.    So do you have a commitment to at least use a standard design whenever possible?    Mr. Issa. Mr. Secretary, I will stop over anytime a you will have me.    Mr. Issa. Right. And I appreciate that, and, you know, one of my major concerns, and we will follow up in a more appropriate environment, but one of my major concerns is the rate at which new construction is occurring has clearly slowed over the last few years. And in some of the areas of greatest uncertainty as to whether or not they can keep--the countries can keep their commitments to us in Africa and in the Middle East are areas that I would hope that we can try to focus some of the funds on moving those forward.    Let me switch to one nearly a billion dollar activity. We have been working--our Oversight committee here at Foreign Affairs has been working on the Foreign Affairs Security Training Center question. This 900-or-so-million-dollar program has had a lot of questions, and, quite frankly, we are short some answers. And I would ask unanimous consent that the exchange between our Oversight counsel and the Office of Management and Budget be placed in the record.    Mr. Secretary, I will give you this, but what I would ask you to do is realize that we have been waiting for the State Department to give us the details, whether done by OMB or done by State, the details of how the cost estimates were arrived at for the $900 million. And when they stripped out the actual accommodations, assuming they were going to go to hotel rooms that just don't happen to exist at Fort Pickett, how they got the other numbers, we were told to go to OMB. Our staff went to Office Management and Budget, and they got told to come back to you, effectively.    Will you commit to us today to provide the source information and calculations because, as it exists right now, I will be very quick, we believe that the existing Georgia facility would be a fraction of the cost and would deliver to the men and women in the State Department training in a matter of weeks or months, where the other facility is going to take years and cost at least that $900 million estimate.    Mr. Issa. Yes.    Mr. Issa. And thank you, Mr. Secretary.    Mr. Chairman, the only thing I did want a commitment on was that we would get the source material so that we could evaluate it fairly, the GAO could evaluate it fairly.    Mr. Issa. The source material. In other words, any and all cost analysis done by OMB or on behalf of the State Department. That is all we are really asking for is to see what you saw.