    Mr. Loudermilk. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. Johnson, maybe you can help me clarify something. You said you are not a lawyer. I am not a lawyer. But something you had said earlier, maybe you can help me clarify. There appears to be two exceptions that we are talking about to this law.    One was in response to Mr. Thompson in his questioning. He brought up waivers, and you said that these are not waivers, they are exceptions--or exemptions. Is that correct?    Mr. Loudermilk. Okay. So waiver and exemption----    Mr. Loudermilk. Okay. But they are both exceptions, categorically, I guess? Different--to different degrees. I guess, that will explain, too--I was a little confused with--when you responded to Mr. Duncan that the law gives the Secretary the ability to grant waivers, a type of exception.    So, with that, Mr. Conyers, the Ranking Member of the Judiciary Committee, actually voted against this bill when it came to the floor. The reason he voted against the bill is because it didn't provide the waivers for certain categories.    Let me read his quote: ``It contains no exceptions for journalists, researchers, human rights investigators, or other professionals.'' Again, ``It contains no exceptions for journalists, researchers, human rights investigators, or other professionals.''    To me, that is pretty clear that he said it contains no exceptions, whether waiver or exemptions. This bill contains no exceptions. So do you see that that is clear that, based on the testimony of the Ranking Member, who was opposed to the bill, because it didn't do exactly what the Department is claiming that it does now--do you--does the Department know more about the intent of the law than the actual Members of Congress?    Mr. Loudermilk. Well, there is nothing in Mr. Conyer's statement that says case-by-case. He says it contains no exceptions. When we were talking about a moment ago, there are waivers and exemptions. Both are types of exceptions.    He says it contains no exceptions. Not case-by-case. Not individual. It contains no exceptions. I don't know how you derive anything different. This is, again, I think, the Ranking Member of the Judiciary Committee, would be pretty knowledgeable about what the intent of the law is.    Given that, there is clear legislative history here that this bill, including the floor statements and other statements, did not intend to do what the Department is doing. Under oath, you are under oath here today, are you willing to say that this law provides for these broad categorical exemptions?    Mr. Loudermilk. Oh. One last question. How many meetings did the Secretary Kerry and Secretary Johnson have regarding these exemptions, prior to the announcement? Do you know?    Mr. Loudermilk. There was one meeting before the decision, the announcement was made?    Mr. Loudermilk. How many meetings since then?    Mr. Loudermilk. All right.    Mr. Chairman, I yield back.