    Mr. Davidson. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Administrator McCarthy, thank you. I was pleased earlier that you were personally familiar with the Waters of the U.S. Rule as you discussed with my colleague from Michigan, and my understanding is that this rule was a joint rule between the EPA and the Army Corps of Engineers. Is that correct?    Mr. Davidson. Were you aware that the Army Corps of Engineers raised some technical concerns? Were they in the end supportive of your rule?    Mr. Davidson. Are you familiar with concerns that they raised during the rulemaking process?    Mr. Davidson. Are you familiar with a series of memos known as Peabody memos from Major General Peabody?    Mr. Davidson. Okay. Are you aware that in a 27 April 2015 memo, General Peabody says ``The just-completed review reveals that the draft final rule continues to depart significantly from the version provided for public comment.''    Mr. Davidson. They weren't talking about what they shared with the public. They were talking about what you shared with the public.    Mr. Davidson. It seems to me that they raised the concern that what was being shared with the public is what's different than what was in the final rule, what was in the rulemaking process.    Mr. Davidson. Did you listen to the Army Corps?    Mr. Davidson. Do you know why in a May 15th, 2015, concluding statement to a memo, General Peabody would conclude ``We stand ready to assist the EPA in improving the technical analysis and to develop logically supportable conclusions for these documents if and when requested.''?    Mr. Davidson. It sounds like he's got concerns that the documents are not logically supportable and that perhaps they were not previously requested, therefore, they were ready, to me.    Earlier in this memo, he provides the support for his conclusion. He says, ``To briefly summarize, our technical review of both documents indicate that the core data provided the EPA has been selectively applied out of context and mixes terminology and disparate data sets. In the Corps' judgments, the documents contain numerous inappropriate assumptions with no connection to the data provided, misapplied data, analytical deficiencies and logical inconsistencies. As a result, the Corps' review could not find a justifiable basis in the analysis for many of the document's conclusions. The Corps would be happy to undertake a comprehensive review with the EPA to help improve these supporting documents, which we recognize are critical to the rulemaking.'' Have you read that before?    Mr. Davidson. Don't those concerns fit with the pattern that the Chairman of this Committee has raised with you, that in fact, the EPA has been selective in applying this? This is not just some pernicious claim, this is supported by what's actually happening by our uniformed officers. This is a general in our Army. Would you recognize the Army Corps as an authoritative body with respect to rulemaking on the Waters of the United States?    Mr. Davidson. It seems to me that the Army Corps' advice was ignored and by a political appointee, the Administrator, disregarded what the sound science of the Army Corps was doing. I don't want to jump to conclusions, but there's enough concerns that there's a stay thankfully blocking the implementation of this rule.    Earlier you spoke with one of our colleagues, and in fact, the Chairman, about saying that the EPA does not distort the market and in fact follows the market. Is that your view of what the EPA does?    Mr. Davidson. If you don't distort the market, then what is it that you're actually accomplishing if you're not actually steering the market in some way?    Mr. Davidson. Are you attempting to steer the market with respect to your pending 4,000-page rule on medium-duty diesel engines?    Mr. Davidson. My time is expired. Thank you.