    Mr. Mica. Thank you.    Again, it is good to be here and also have been here because I remember I think it was back in 2008 when this was disclosed. And we had evidence of, at that time, it was over 90 percent were getting these disability approvals. Isn't that the case?    Mr. Mica. Yes, OK. Basically, we were not, my side was not in charge when this came down. And I was told that those responsible would be prosecuted; this would be halted; and that those would be held accountable who have participated. Some of them have gone to jail. Some of them held accountable.    Mr. Mica. But when I saw--thank you, Mr. Chairman, and ranking member for holding this meeting--but when I saw the numbers, I just about fell off my chair. Is this 96.7 percent grant rate correct on these claims?    Mr. Mica. There is disability applications, all applications filed during the period--filed during fiscal years 2013 to 2014 grant rate. What is this?    Mr. Mica. Denial is 98, and then 2,839, the grant rate is 96.7.    Mr. Mica. Is that correct?    Mr. Mica. Well, again, we haven't come very far from where we were. Now, there was fraud and abuse of the system before. Is that the case now, inspector general?    Mr. Mica. Is it fraud? Because before it was fraud and people were fraudulently approving these. There is a doctors' ring, and then they were--OK, is that still the case?    Mr. Mica. It is gamed a little bit differently?    Mr. Mica. And then it is also abuse.    Mr. Mica. So the whole process is a sham. How many people do you have, Schwartz, operating this Board? Are there a couple of employees? How many employees are reviewing these claims, the whole thing?    Mr. Mica. And the whole Board that--operations are 30.    Mr. Mica . What are the 700 people doing that I am told--860 total.    Mr. Mica. But, I mean, that section costs a lot of money to operate. You have got the Board. I mean, hell, you might just as well grant everybody disability and agree on something, close down, and save your administrative costs. That's probably not the solution. You need a better process for processing these folks for approval. And the inspector general has talked about how it is gamed. That's going to require a legislative fix, is that correct, or can it be done administratively?    Mr. Mica. The average benefit, I heard, was somewhere in the $400,000 once this is granted is what they receive, is that correct?    Mr. Mica. Yes.    Mr. Mica. It is an average.    Mr. Mica. But I remember distinctly, there was a conductor who walked the aisles or something, and collected tickets, got approval for disability.    Mr. Mica. I think the New York Times reported he was playing golf in Florida, and which I have no problem with people retiring and playing golf in Florida, but to do it on a pension, a government pension, a disability provision that was not properly awarded, raises a lot of questions. I'm stunned, Mr. Chairman. We need to change the law if they won't change the rules and get a handle on this.    Thank you. I yield back.