    Mr. McNerney. Well, thank you, Mr. Chairman. Thank you, Governor and Ms. Miles, for coming and testifying this morning.    You know, I think the intent of the bill sounds good; streamlining permitting so that we have things operating in parallel instead of in series. We want an efficient process, but I am not sure that we are heading down the right path in order to achieve that goal.    Regarding the pipeline question, my estimate is it might actually make things worse. For example, FERC data shows that the average time for filing to approval is under 10 months, and FERC decides 91 percent of certificate applicants within 12 months. So are we actually going to make things better by enacting this kind of rule?    So, Ms. Miles, what, if any, are the potential benefits of simply mandating pre-filing, trying to bring federal agencies to the table sooner on every permit?    Ms. Miles. I believe in most cases, federal agencies are coming to the table early during pre-filing.    Mr. McNerney. Two thirds, approximately.    Ms. Miles. Pardon me?    Mr. McNerney. Two thirds.    Ms. Miles. I don't have a specific number on that. I could look into it. For liquefied natural gas facilities, pre-filing is mandated under the statute. It is not mandatory for pipeline and storage projects, however, we do meet with applicants before the pre-filing were to begin, and we recommend and many choose to use it because they find it a very valuable time to get everyone to the table early. We also work with those federal agencies to have them be cooperating agencies in our environmental document. So----    Mr. McNerney. So how long does the pre-filing stage last? How long does it typically----    Ms. Miles. It is mandated for 6 months for liquefied natural gas facilities. Some applicants choose longer. The real goal of pre-filing is that the time the application is filed----    Mr. McNerney. Right.    Ms. Miles . All the information is available for FERC and other agencies who have permits to issue to be able to do their environmental documents and move toward issuing their permits. So some companies will choose to stay in pre-filing a little longer to make sure that the information is going to be available.    Mr. McNerney. So pre-filing takes as long as the applicant wants it to take.    Ms. Miles. Yes.    Mr. McNerney. In your experience, what are some of the reasons other permitting agencies don't always respond in a timely manner?    Ms. Miles. Are you speaking particularly about natural gas?    Mr. McNerney. Correct.    Ms. Miles. As I said, you know, the majority are responding in a timely manner----    Mr. McNerney. Yes.    Ms. Miles . For gas.    Mr. McNerney. Well, it seems to me that a 90-day requirement is arbitrary because some projects are very complicated and some projects are very simple. Simply saying that we have to have all the agencies meet a 90-day requirement may actually tie their hands and force them to say no on applicants where, if they actually would have had more time, they could have approved it. Is that a correct assessment?    Ms. Miles. That could be. My understanding is that also it could be 90 days or a schedule that is negotiated with the other agency.    Mr. McNerney. So it might be more reasonable to have a negotiated timeline for every application, rather than just saying 90 days for every application.    Ms. Miles. It could be. The other thing that was a bit of concern is, we feel like using the pre-filing is very--that is the place where it is important that a lot of steps and cooperation and agency identifications begin, and I would not want anything to move later in the process that could be a complication for us, and I have mentioned that in the testimony.    Mr. McNerney. So then to reiterate, I am going to just sum up by saying it might be beneficial to encourage more applicants to go through the pre-filing process, and then have a negotiated period instead of a 90-day strict requirement for federal agencies to respond.    Ms. Miles. Certainly go through the pre-filing process. Ninety days seems a reasonable time to me.    Mr. McNerney. OK.    Ms. Miles. It could be negotiated in some particular instances.    Mr. McNerney. All right, thank you, Mr. Chairman. I yield back.    Mr. McNerney. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And I want to welcome Mr. Livingston here to the committee this afternoon, now.    PG&E has done a lot of creative things with respect to the grid, and it has taken a lot of steps in terms of pipeline safety and leakage, so I want to make sure you get credit for that.    Are there particular federal agencies that are having trouble coming to the table on the hydro issue in a timely manner?    Mr. McNerney. Are problems with regard to timing and responsiveness exacerbated by the drought in California now?    Mr. McNerney. OK.    Mr. McNerney. Mr. Santa, you indicated in your testimony that a number of reasons for potential delays to permits, including lack of agency resources, which I am sort of getting from Mr. Livingston as well, cooperation with FERC and applications being deemed incomplete. Could you talk a little bit about the cooperation with FERC? I am not sure what that means.    Mr. McNerney. Yes.    Mr. McNerney. OK. Thank you. Do you think there is a chance that if this law or this bill were passed and enacted into law, that it would make delays longer or give rejections of applications because the agency didn't have time to complete the study?    Mr. McNerney. Well, I think what you have indicated is there have been increases in federal authorization that failed to meet the 90-day deadline. Do you think that is because there are more applicants, because there are more projects being approved, because there is more capacity being approved in the process?    Mr. McNerney. OK. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I yield back.