    Mr. Massie. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    My first question is, how frequently do these observable events happen? You know, like when we talk about storms and floods, 50-year storm or a 50-year flood, 100-year-flood, this event that you observed from probability, how soon can we expect to see one of that magnitude or larger again?    Mr. Massie. Like five minutes or five decades or----    Mr. Massie. Well, that either means you got really lucky or your instruments aren't working, or it could mean a lot of things so----    Mr. Massie. Dr. Shoemaker, you're from the university I graduated from so----    Mr. Massie. --go ahead.    Mr. Massie. So I was going to ask you about that. You said it's going to increase by a factor--or it's going to increase by three. Did you mention 3X or three orders of magnitude?    Mr. Massie. Okay.    Mr. Massie. Right.    Mr. Massie. One of the questions I did want to ask, and Dr. Gonzalez, you touched on it. Did you remember to leave it on when you came to the hearing? Like what is the duty cycle? How frequently is this collecting data, and maybe we've already observed things we don't even know yet and people just need to sort through that data. Maybe we've already observed simultaneously something that we saw in the electromagnetic spectrum but we just don't know it yet. Is this thing turned on now?    Mr. Massie. I have a question I want to make sure I get to ask. What are the sources of noise that you have to contend with? You know, like I imagine our sun is doing something. There may be nuclear tests where on Earth that are causing seismic. Maybe talk radio is interfering. It's a big source of noise. But what are some of the noises you'd have to filter out?    Mr. Massie. Can you get smaller photons?    Mr. Massie. One last quick question before I yield back. When you get this third detector, does that just improve the reliability of your data or does having a third point on Earth give you an ability to triangulate? Dr. Crim, you were shaking your head. Maybe you could----    Mr. Massie. But will it give you a bigger picture of what's going on? Can it do that?    Mr. Massie. Thank you, and I yield back. I could ask a hundred more questions. This is very fascinating. Thank you.    Mr. Massie. Engineer.