    Mr. Rogers. Well, I thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And, Mr. Secretary, we are delighted to see you back on your home turf here on the Hill, and General.    The men and women you lead in the Army are dedicated, they are talented, and they are tireless. They continue to answer the call time and again to serve the needs of our country abroad and to demonstrate true leadership here at home.    As the world becomes more complex and more dangerous, the demands on our troops are increasing. This Committee recognizes their sacrifice and the sacrifice of their families, and we stand ready to support them in every way. We thank them for their service, and you, and for your leadership in challenging times.    A lot has changed since the last time you came before this subcommittee. Russian aggression is fueling conflict and staggering loss of life in the Ukraine, putting the current death toll at well over 6,000.    The Islamic State continues to further destabilize and torment Iraq and Syria, and now establishing a presence in Afghanistan and Pakistan.    In Afghanistan, we have seen a decline in security due to a resurgence of the Taliban, requiring us to maintain a presence of 10,000 troops in that country this year, as the President announced earlier this week.    And we still have U.S. troops deployed in the fight against Ebola, a disease that has claimed over 10,000 lives in a matter of months.    While it seems as though increased force structure is warranted in the face of such unpredictable challenges confronting our troops, instead we are doing quite the opposite. As you said in your testimony to the Senate Armed Services Committee earlier this year, Active end strength has been cut by 80,000 and the National Guard and Reserve reduced by 18,000 just in the last 3 years. Thirteen brigade combat teams have been deactivated, and the rest are undergoing massive reorganizations. Three active combat aviation brigades currently being eliminated, including one in my home State of Kentucky at Fort Campbell.    Just after the 159th Combat Aviation Brigade returned from a 9-month deployment in Afghanistan, the Army announced it would be disbanded and its soldiers sent elsewhere. The elimination of this critical--and topnotch, I may add--CAB will result in the loss of some 3,000 personnel at Fort Campbell. Once the 159th Combat Aviation Brigade has been eliminated at the end of the current fiscal year, the Army will be left with just 10 CABs in the Active Force.    With the Army scheduled to continue on with this trend until it reaches 490,000 troops at the end of this year, we must have a thoughtful conversation about how we will respond to increasing threats on multiple continents against very different enemies, and simultaneously. The demands on our Army are great, and your budget request reflects that reality.    I look forward, Mr. Chairman, to this discussion today with the Secretary and the General.    This Committee remains confident with the leadership of the Army in your capable hands. You have our support and our gratitude. We thank you for the many years of service both of you have offered to this Nation. And we are especially proud of our former colleague, the Secretary, for the great service he is rendering his country even yet.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Rogers. As I mentioned earlier, the Army announced in November that they would be closing down the 159th Combat Aviation Brigade this year. That announcement came absolutely suddenly for the Fort Campbell community, and just after that brigade had returned from deployment in Afghanistan. Thanks, but no thanks.    Now, this is a topnotch group of soldiers. They are well trained, they are critical to the operations of the 101st Airborne Division. Now the 101st CAB will have to pick up the slack in terms of training and operational requirements for the 101st Airborne. That will lead to a loss of 3,000 personnel at Fort Campbell this year, an absolutely critical installation with a record to be absolutely proud of. Soldiers are supporting our missions in Afghanistan and in West Africa against Ebola.    Explain to me the wisdom of eliminating this combat aviation brigade at Fort Campbell, and walk me through the thought process that led to this decision, particularly in light of the current threat environment and operational requirements.    General Odierno. Thank you, Chairman.    First, as I mentioned earlier, this was driven by previous budget cuts that the Army had received. And in order for us to sustain a modernized aviation fleet, we had to go into this Aviation Restructure Initiative. And part of that, we had to reduce the total numbers of our aviation capability, and that is eliminating three brigades out of the Active Component.    The decision to cut that specific brigade was based on we wanted one aviation brigade aligned with each one of our active divisions, and that is ten. And so, unfortunately, we had to eliminate one at Fort Campbell, because there were two aviation brigades there.    The unfortunate part about this is this will be the first time that we don't have inherent capability at Fort Campbell that allows us to do brigade-level air assault operations, which is a mission that we believe is critical. So we will garner resources from other places to do this.    But that decision was not taken lightly, because, as you mentioned, the performance of the aviation brigade. And that goes for all of our aviation assets, whether it is Guard, Reserve, or Active. Their performance has been excellent. But because of the reduced budget we have, we had to make very difficult decisions, and we have to sustain our aviation fleet at the highest readiness levels, because there is a great need for them on many deployable missions, as you mentioned.    Mr. Rogers. Well, this is the 101st, and this is the absolute heart of the 101st, and it seems to me that that is the one place that I would want to keep capability at its max, is the 101st Airborne. So mark me down as undecided.