    Mr. Goodlatte. Mr. Chairman, thank you.    And, with your permission, I will give my opening statement, and then, if times allows after all the other Members have asked their questions, I will----    Mr. Goodlatte . Ask some questions of Director Rodriguez.    So, Director, your appearance before this Subcommittee comes at a time when Americans are feeling increased concern about the security of our Nation and, in particular, about the way U.S. immigration policy is being exploited by those who wish to harm this country's citizens.    Quite frankly, Americans don't believe that their interests are being put front and center when it comes to decisions about whether or not to issue an immigration benefit to a foreign national. And your agency has the responsibility to show a commitment to reversing that belief.    Today, I hope you can convince us that the USCIS is, in fact, putting American interests first, but I am dubious, given recent events, immigration benefits data, decisions by your agency, and even your own written testimony.    At the beginning of your testimony, you give the slightest nod to ``safety and security,'' one small part of a sentence in fact, and then launch into an unabashed commitment to your top priority of implementing the President's executive actions on immigration.    As you know, I and many Americans believe that such executive action is unconstitutional. It's a usurpation of Congress' plenary power over immigration law and policy. And despite the outcry to that effect, your agency continues to approve Deferred Action for Childhood Arrival applications, with a denial rate of only 6.5 percent out of nearly 700,000 approvals.    But there are many other reasons that my constituents and I don't have confidence in the USCIS. For instance, when the General Accounting Office finds, as it did in a scathing report released last week, that USCIS has very limited fraud training for asylum officers, that USCIS doesn't regularly assess fraud risks and, thus, doesn't have in place mechanisms to mitigate fraud, and that, even when random reviews of asylum cases to assess whether the cases are being adjudicated correctly are conducted, fraud is not considered.    The fact that the USCIS approved for a K visa a radicalized Islamic extremist, who went on to murder 14 Americans and injure many more, does not exactly instill confidence in the work that the USCIS is doing.    The fact that my staff was told that there were no plans to review previously approved Special Immigrant Juvenile cases in light of suspected rampant fraud brought to light by a news organization's superior investigative work does not instill confidence in the work that the USCIS does.    The fact that USCIS issues policy memos determining that individuals initially classified as unaccompanied alien minors can continue to pursue UAM status despite the fact that they subsequently live with their parents doesn't instill confidence.    The fact that, despite valid concerns about the vetting of refugees raised by Members of Congress, the American people, and even the Federal Bureau of Investigation and intelligence officials within the Administration, USCIS simply tells us not to worry, the vetting process is good enough, doesn't instill confidence.    The fact that the USCIS keeps abusing what is supposed to be its limited discretionary parole authority to create new classes of foreign nationals eligible for parole in the United States despite Congress' unwillingness to do so doesn't instill confidence.    The fact that there continues to be a seeming rubber-stamping of ``credible fear'' claims for the record high number of individuals surging across the southwest border doesn't instill confidence.    And the fact that sources tell us that USCIS is considering making it easier for individuals with DUI convictions to get DACA doesn't instill confidence.    The American people are not impressed with paying lip service to security and antifraud measures in written testimony to Congress. They deserve action ensuring their safety and security.    I appreciate your appearing before the Subcommittee and look forward to asking you some questions to follow up on these comments that I have made so that you can assure me, despite all that I have outlined and the numerous examples I have yet to outline, that the USCIS is putting American interests first.    I yield back, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Goodlatte. Thank you.    Director Rodriguez, it's my understanding that there was a teleconference last week between the Refugee, Asylum, and International Operations Division and the USCIS office personnel regarding refugee processing. And, on that call, the Deputy Associate Director of RAIO, Jennifer Higgins, told the field office personnel that, as refugee pools decrease in places from which we have resettled many refugees in recent years like Malaysia and Nepal, our real focus is going to be in the Middle East, Jordan, Turkey, Iraq, Russia, Kenya.    Is what Director Higgins said true, that in the next few years essentially the bulk of refugees will be coming from places like Jordan, Turkey, and Iraq, places where we know security is of great concern?    Mr. Goodlatte. And it doesn't concern you that there might be security issues in some parts of the world, that it is more difficult to vet the refugees?    Mr. Goodlatte. All right. Well, let me interrupt, because I'm going to run out of time, and we have votes on the floor.    Would it be acceptable for a USCIS asylum officer to grant asylum in cases that they suspect fraud?    Mr. Goodlatte. What changes do you plan to make regarding asylum processing procedures, given that asylum officers in seven out of eight asylum offices the GAO spoke with told the GAO``that they have granted asylum in cases in which they suspected fraud''?    Mr. Goodlatte. Support or admonish them to change their practices?    Mr. Goodlatte. And to continue to approve cases where fraud is suspected?    Mr. Goodlatte. In May of 2013, the USCIS issued a guidance memo regarding asylum applications filed by unaccompanied alien children. I have heard from several immigration judges that this memo is problematic. One of the end results is that an individual initially classified by DHS as a UAC can continue to benefit from the UAC status despite the fact that they actually live with their parents in the United States.    How does it possibly make sense that an individual is classified as a UAC when the Department of Health and Human Services officials have released them into the care of a parent?    Mr. Goodlatte. Does that raise some concerns to you?    Mr. Goodlatte. I understand that the fraud detection and national security officers conduct open-source research on refugee applicants as part of security screening. So they check to see if there is evidence that an event that the applicant claimed has occurred as evidence in support of a refugee claim actually did occur.    But isn't it true that, with open-source checking, an applicant could simply describe an event that he or she has heard about or has knowledge of and that it really doesn't prove the individual was present at the event?    Mr. Goodlatte. Well, I wonder if you could give us a comprehensive description of what it does mean to use open source, number one; and, number two, what, in addition, is done when open source, in some instances, seems to be the only thing they cite as the basis for approval of the claim.    Mr. Goodlatte. Thank you.    And, Mr. Director, if I might ask, when do you think you could provide those answers to the Committee?    Mr. Goodlatte. All right. That would be very good.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman. My time has expired.