    Mr. Moolenaar. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And thank you for being here today and for your testimony.    And I wanted to just share a story with you and then ask you maybe some questions. The situation we had in Michigan a while back in my district where we had a major manufacturer of polycrystalline silicon, which goes into solar panels, and very excited about the solar markets, one of the challenges with that is the main criteria for that company to be successful making that product that goes into solar panels was low-cost electricity. And so we actually had an investment go from our State to a different State because there was a lower-cost electricity.    Now, what I'm hearing in Michigan is that we're going to be losing a number of our coal plants, and I think and my understanding is in China they are building more and more coal plants, which will then allow them to be much more competitive actually in building solar panels.    And so I guess one of the questions I had, Dr. Thorning, and I think it was in Mr. Schmidt's testimony he stated that China's president Xi Jinping--I'm probably not pronouncing that right--committed to peak the carbon pollution by 2030, but I think the actual agreement released by the White House says China intends to achieve the peaking of carbon dioxide emissions around 2030 rather than by 2030.    And I guess my question, Dr. Thorning, is this. You know, if other countries don't make the same level of commitment that we are making and we sort of unilaterally disarm our coal plants that would actually allow us to be leaders in manufacturing because of the low cost of electricity, aren't we paying a huge political price or a competitive price for kind of a political statement that says we are doing something at the same time when others may not be equally committed to that in a sort of a unilateral disarmament if you will?    Mr. Moolenaar. Okay. Thank you.    And then, Dr. Curry, I just wanted to get your perspective as a scientist. You know, my understanding is, you know, science moves forward when people are skeptical. They come up with new ideas and they test those ideas and there's a peer-review process and there's an opportunity to criticize and the academic freedom to criticize people's findings, and it creates a whole new scientific debate based on that. What strikes me about a lot of the argument around climate change is you have people who are saying the debate is over or they are saying scientists, you know, unanimously agree. And to me any time someone says a debate is over in science it strikes me as not really scientific. And I'm sure you have encountered some of that, and what are your thoughts on that?    Mr. Moolenaar. Thank you very much.    And thank you, Mr. Chairman.