    Mr. Cartwright. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I would like to thank the Chairman and the Ranking Member for holding this essential hearing today. I do understand people come at this from different viewpoints, but it is a relief finally to see Congress debating at least a partial solution to address climate change, even if some folks continue somehow to deny its existence.    I thank the Vice Chairman, Mrs. Lummis, for saying out loud that climate change is real. I thank all of our witnesses, except apparently Dr. Dayaratna, for agreeing that there should be a value assigned to the social cost of climate change.    The social cost of carbon is going to be one tool in our arsenal to mitigate the effects of climate change. The idea is pretty simple. We need to account for the negative or positive carbon-related effects that a project or a regulation may have.    Understanding the environmental impact of a project or a regulation is the essence of the idea of NEPA. It allows us better to understand and value a proposed project or a regulation based on its true impact to society, a goal we really all ought to share.    One comment was made earlier in this hearing, that the value that the Administration has selected for the SCC is not based on peer-reviewed information. I would like to correct that. The SCC was estimated using three integrated assessment models called FUND, DICE and PAGE, each of which are widely cited in the peer-reviewed literature and which are used by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change.    There was also a criticism that there was a lack of public input in this process. Look, the first SCC estimates were released in February of 2010. Dozens of opportunities existed for public comment about the SCC directly and about rules that incorporated the SCC. So I did not want to let those falsehoods go unrebutted.    Dr. Dayaratna, you began your testimony with something that has been intoned by many witnesses from The Heritage Foundation, ``The views I express are my own and do not necessarily represent those of The Heritage Foundation.''    Let me ask you a couple of questions, Mr. Dayaratna.    Mr. Cartwright. You are an employee of The Heritage Foundation, are you not?    Mr. Cartwright. They pay you for working there; is that right?    Mr. Cartwright. Are you on working hours right now?    Mr. Cartwright. Do they know you are here?    Mr. Cartwright. If you do not want me to tell anybody----    Mr. Cartwright . Your secret is safe with me.    Mr. Cartwright. I could not help noticing you submitted written testimony as well; is that right?    Mr. Cartwright. And that appears to be on Heritage Foundation stationery.    Mr. Cartwright. Are you allowed to use company stationery?    Mr. Cartwright. Thank you. We do expect----    Mr. Cartwright . You to be quite honest, Dr. Dayaratna.    Mr. Cartwright. What I did notice when I went on the official Web site of The Heritage Foundation, is it says in black and white, ``Climate policy is used too often as a vehicle to advance special interests and politically-driven agendas that centralize more power in Washington.''    That is the official view, and it appears to be that they are against climate change regulations and examinations of this sort, and I suppose that gels very nicely with your view that we should not be appointing a particular figure for the social cost of carbon in distinction with all of the other witnesses here today.    Are you telling us that your views and your opinions, that coincide nicely with the official views of The Heritage Foundation, do so as a coincidence?    Mr. Cartwright. All of us who believe that climate change is happening, I think all of us understand that the longer we wait to address climate change, the more money we will have to spend on adaptation relative to climate change, and that is why I have introduced the bipartisan and heavily Republican supported bill, the PREPARE Act, that requires all branches of the Federal Government affirmatively to prepare and plan for climate change into the future.    With that I yield back, Mr. Chairman.    The Chairman. Mr. Fleming.