    Mr. ROBINSON. Thank you, Chairman Chabot, Ranking Member Velazquez, and members of the committee for the opportunity to testify about the impact of the Department of Labor's new overtime rule. This rule requires employers to provide overtime pay to employees whose salary is less than $47,500, which is about double the existing threshold.    What I want to do in my time today is focus on how this rule will adversely affect technology startups and high growth small business owners like me and what that means for the people we employ. I am the CEO and co-founder of a human resources technology business called Hireology. We have streamlined and improved the hiring process to help companies eliminate bad hires and identify good ones.    We have also fielded hundreds of confused inquiries from our customers about how to comply with this rule. As a result, we have a unique perspective to speak about its impact. Like most Federal regulations, the overtime rule is a one-size-fits-all policy that doesn't distinguish among firm size, sector, location or comp structure. This means that companies that don't fit the Department of Labor's outdated model will disproportionately be hurt by the rule. Take the capital constrained technology startup sector that I work in for example. Employees at these companies trade long hours and lower pay for the opportunity to get amazing professional experience early in their careers and the potential for a significant financial windfall later on.    Are we exploiting these employees? Of course not. Those working at tech startups voluntarily recognize that their positions are high-risk, high-reward ventures and that they may have to go years with below market pay to get a big pay out in the end. Do we want to regulate these opportunities out of existence?    Looking back on when I started my company in 2010, I can tell you with 100 percent certainty that I would not have been able to hire my first employee had this rule been in place. My company now has 100 employees with median, median annual compensation that exceeds $70,000 a year, well above the U.S. average. How many ``Hireology's'' won't get started as a result of this rule, making that first employee unaffordable for the entrepreneur. Are fewer good paying jobs created and fewer businesses launched outcomes that this ruling is desiring? I don't think so.    Sales professionals, the lifeblood of almost every company, also suffer from this rule because their commission-based compensation structure doesn't align with the Department of Labor's vision of the workplace. Consider what my company is facing, 40 of our 100 full-time salaried professionals are salespeople whose success, like with most sales positions, depends on persistence. That means working until the sale is made, whatever the hours. We pay new sales people a base salary of $40,000 a year. And those who hit their quota can earn $70,000 to $120,000 a year or more. This compensation structure is pretty typical in software startups and sales sectors because it allows employees to directly share in the profits they produce for the company.    However, the overtime rule forces us to choose between raising base salaries to the new exempt threshold or convert everyone on the sales team, about half my business, to an hourly rate, capping hours at 40 a week. Both alternatives are very unattractive. A 20 percent pay increase for new hires to put them above the threshold would hamstring our expansion plans, but capping hours at 40 a week would mean a loss of earning potential for all of our sales people, and add costly time tracking overhead to our bottom line. Both paths result in less opportunity and fewer middle class jobs.    To the extent that employers like me are forced to reclassify employees as hourly to avoid unexpected overtime costs, these high paying job opportunities will be reduced. Millions of Americans have entered the middle class by securing a salaried job when working their way up by working until the job gets done. That means sometimes during a busy season, a financial month-end, or when a coworker is out sick, working longer than 8 hours a day. In return these employees are rewarded with the flexibility, benefits, bonuses, status, and promotions that come with a salaried position. It is not exploitative. It is a key tenet of American work culture and startup culture.    Reduced middle class job opportunities as a result of this rule will be compounded in parts of country with lower standards of living. Companies in Chattanooga will have a much more difficult time complying with a $47,500 salary threshold than companies in Chicago. As a result, the rule will be another hurdle for smaller communities across the country that are still suffering from high unemployment and a lack of middle class job opportunities.    I urge you to pursue legislative solutions to undo the harm that will be inflicted by this overtime rule. At a time when the middle class in this country is already being squeezed, the tech sector, sales jobs, and middle management positions are a few areas that still provide relief. The overtime rule threatens to close those career pathways that have been paved by hard work.    Thank you for your time today, and I am happy to take any questions.    Mr. ROBINSON. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I can comment pretty directly there. I mean saying it is so easy, all you have to do is pay overtime to people that make less than $47,500 a year is like telling me 5 years ago: The ACA is so easy, just buy everybody health insurance, no problem.    Mr. ROBINSON. Correct. And we do provide and have always provided health care for our employees, but it makes the compliance so much harder.    And buried in table 30--and I haven't read that report--but buried in table 30 is Hireology and thousands of other technology startups. And I am telling you firsthand this is going to take our cost up 20 percent, not a tenth of a percent, 20 percent.    And, yes, we can do that, but what that means is we shift very, very scarce resources from one part of the business, where we can maximize our growth and create more opportunity, to complying with this rule and to hitting a salary threshold.    And the net effect for those employees that we bump base is we have to reduce their upside, because you cannot take up fixed cost and not reduce variable upside. There is just not enough money to do that.    Mr. ROBINSON. Well, it is going to have an impact. And I invited my whole company to tune in and listen to this, and we are going to have a talk about it when we get back to Chicago and explain why we are having to take these actions.    We offer our employees unlimited time off. We don't track time off. People need to take time, they get the job done, they can take 2 weeks, they can take 3 weeks if they want, with permission to do that. They can take as much or as little as they want. They can work from home 100 percent. They can come in the office 100 percent of the time. They can do whatever they want. We don't track any of that.    Let me state for the record, our goal, we would love to see wages lifted as well. We share that goal. You do that by attacking opportunity and growing it, right, and employing people, that is how you do that.    And I would invite Mr. Eisenbrey to come in and tell my sales force that they are not a bona fide professional. These folks went to school, it is 100 percent college degree, most of them are carrying huge student loan payments. They have invested in themselves to get ahead.    And imagine me walking back in there and saying: Hey, guys, here is your new time clock. We are going to punch it. And I know you are really striving to make that extra money, but you can't over 40 hours a week. And you can't work from home anymore unless we put this time-tracking app on your phone. And by the way, don't respond to customer inquiries after 5 o'clock, they are just going to have to wait till tomorrow.    And so this cascades and impacts our ability to compete against big players. All we can do is work harder to earn that business. I am concerned at every level of how we have built this company that we are negatively impacted.    Mr. ROBINSON. Our revenue comes from our customers that we have to deliver a service to that adds value. So no, no, sir.    Mr. ROBINSON. Well, sure, in brief, you take our--and not just us. Every startup who--technology startup creating the bulk of the high-paying jobs, in this country right now, if you take the wage base up 20 percent, you are eliminating one job every five hires. That is the math. It is simple. It is I can higher one fewer person in five. Now scale that across thousands of businesses like ours and you have the suppression on job growth which seems to me antithetical to the whole point of this exercise.    I mean, just let us--it is a labor market. People can go where they want. If we treat them poorly, they will leave. We compete for talent. It is not just the salary. It is equity and stock options and all the other tools we have to compete as an employer. This is a giant, blunt instrument that we now have one tool and it really doesn't help us differentiate and hire the people we need.    Mr. ROBINSON. If our ability to pay was the same as local corporations----    Mr. ROBINSON. Well, my comment was just, bigger businesses have a much greater--and excuse me for the interruption--much greater impact to bear the cost than a small company like ours.    Oracle, you know, in many ways we compete against, multibillion dollar company, multibillion dollars in profit publicly traded. I compete for deals with those guys. I can't just take my cost up. I don't have it. One size does not fit all. I am this big; they are this big; there is a difference. That is the problem.