    Ms. Duckworth. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Inspector Dodaro, I was pleased to see that you included in your report the savings the government is already realizing from the Army's choice not to introduce a new family of camouflage uniforms into its inventory. Your report notes that this will save taxpayers about $4.2 billion over the next 5 years, and in fact I offered the amendment in the 2014 NDAA that requires DOD to establish a joint camouflage pattern when developing new combat uniforms so that the taxpayers won't have to pay millions to the government to keep developing new patterns for every branch of service, that also sometimes don't protect troops in combat such as the Navy's blueberry uniform that they can't wear on ships because when they fall over into the--fall overboard, they are blended with the ocean and you can't actually rescue the sailors.    Can you give me an update on where DOD's compliance is with this requirement?    Ms. Duckworth. That's good to hear. Thank you.    In reviewing the GAO report, Ms. Cobert--is it Cobert or Cobert?    Ms. Duckworth. All right. Thank you.    Ms. Duckworth. Not Colbert. I almost went there, but I didn't.    Ms. Duckworth. We've all been trained by popular cable shows.    I noted that better management of software licenses is known as an area where savings can be achieved. Can you please help me understand OMB's view on how agencies can better manage their software licenses? Specifically, I'd like to hear how OMB believes agencies should inventory that software, see how much of it is actually deployed to end users, and how much of what's deployed is actually being put to use. If you can't inventory it, how can you--how can you effectively control waste if you can't inventory it?    Ms. Duckworth. Thank you. Are any of those--is there a practice in Federal Government where a license is automatically renewed and nobody's reviewing whether or not we're actually using old licenses and they've gone on and bought new software packages but they're still--we're still paying for stuff that's automatically renewed?    Ms. Duckworth. Thank you very much.    I yield back, Mr. Chairman.