    Mr. Perlmutter. Thanks, Mr. Chairman.    And thank you, Mr. Secretary, for staying cool under the withering cross-examination of my Republican colleagues.    So I just really have a different view than the chairman and than Mr. Duffy, as to what is going on in the economy. We might as well start with all the records being set by Dow Jones, it is up from 6,500 at the end of George Bush to 18,000. The S&P from about 700 to 2,100. The NASDAQ is 3 times what it was. Foreclosures are down very low. There has been a tremendous improvement across pretty much all sectors, from manufacturing, to hotels, to whatever.    So when they are talking about calming the markets and you are causing them to roil, I want to thank you for rebuilding the markets from the recession that we were in at the end of George Bush. I don't know if you have your report in front of you, but there are some very important graphs that I would like you to take a look at, if you have your report in front of you.    So let's take a look, just at easy ones, starting with 4.1.4. Under the Obama Administration, we see oil imports drop and oil production increased like we haven't seen in decades. Do you see that one?    Mr. Perlmutter. How about 4.1.6, civilian unemployment rate dropping like a rock--this is on page 20 of the report--after the 2007-2008 recession. Do you see that? All right.    But now let's talk about FSOC. So if you would turn forward in your report to pages 62 and 63. I want to look at graphs 5.3.16 and 5.3.19. Do you see those?    Mr. Perlmutter. So can you tell us what graph 5.3.16 is?    Mr. Perlmutter. All right. So let me tell you what it is and then you can expand on it if you like.    As the recession took place starting in 2008, 2007-2008, we saw loan loss reserves fall so that banks couldn't withstand one more loss. But since FSOC was created in 2010, what do you see in terms of the loan loss reserves? They have almost tripled.    Mr. Perlmutter. Okay. Now let's look at the one that is really quite telling, and that is 5.3.19, FDIC-insured failed institutions. Do you see that?    Mr. Perlmutter. And my friend the chairman was talking about this recovery and why isn't it bigger, other than the fact we have 13 million new jobs. We see pensions at an all-time high. But under Republican Administrations, and I think between 1980 and 1990 we had the Reagan Administration and the first George Bush Administration, look at the number of failed institutions. Do you see that?    Mr. Perlmutter. Okay. Then it falls off to virtually zero under the Clinton Administration. There were almost no bank failures. Do you see that?    Mr. Perlmutter. Then under the second George Bush we see a tremendous spike in failed institutions. Do you see that? So now, it has fallen off precipitously.    We are here to talk about the FSOC and about Dodd-Frank and putting some structure back into the market so that we don't have a failed banking system. Would you like to comment on that?    Mr. Perlmutter. I completely agree with you, and that is why you need the loan loss reserves, so that you can withstand a downturn. That is why we take into consideration these precautions.    Mr. Perlmutter. If I were my Republican friends, I would be grasping at this liquidity straw too, given the overall recovery of the economy. But I want to thank you and I want to thank the President for putting this economy back on track.    And I yield back.