    Mr. Latta. Thanks, Mr. Chairman, and thanks very much to our panel today. It is always a great discussion that we have in subcommittee.    Mr. Adelstein, if I could go back to some of the questions that the chairman was posing and also I think you said about the GSA dragging its feet in getting some of these things done, especially when we are talking about streamlining the process for providers to obtain the necessary permitting and other approvals needed to build on Federal lands and protected lands. Just out of curiosity, on average, how long does it take for a negotiation process with the Federal Government compared to the private industry? Any idea?    Mr. Latta. OK. When you say that then, so you are saying that on average it is four but can drag out even longer?    Mr. Latta. And any ideas or examples of how long some of them have taken? Over 4 years?    Mr. Latta. Let me follow up with that. Because of that, you know, 4 to 10 or who knows or maybe into infinity and beyond, what additional costs are incurred when the Federal Government is unable to streamline its process for the broadband infrastructure buildout?    Mr. Latta. Thank you.    Mr. Slinger, I think in your testimony you were talking about the percentage of the population out there that does not have access to broadband, and what percentage would that be?    Mr. Latta. OK. Just two quick follow-ups on that then because again, I represent from urban to very, very rural, and when you look at the numbers then or the percentages, what percentage of that would be urban, suburban, very rural and that percentage when you talk about that? Was it 60 million?    Mr. Latta. And how would that break down, and also, how many people would that include that would not want to have access to broadband?    Mr. Latta. Thank you.    Governor, if I could turn to you, and again, thanks very much for being here with us today and for your testimony. Because again, you said that you have, you know, a very, very rural population, I think you said that you have 20 persons per square mile, and you know, it is of great concern in your area along with all the rural areas in the country about having that essential broadband for our constituents, and you talked about the USF and that that would help you, but are there other areas besides the USF that you could see that would be of benefit to you and your community?    Mr. Latta. Thank you.    Mr. Latta. Well, thank you very much, and Mr. Chairman, my time is expired and I yield back.