    Mrs. Maloney. I thank the chairman for yielding, and I thank you, Director Cordray, for being here. As you know, I have had a overdraft bill in for several years that cracks down on unfair and deceptive practices that drive up fees--that some, not all, but some financial institutions put forward.    So I would like to ask you about these fees and what the Bureau is doing about it. You have published two excellent reports that I have seen on overdraft fees. And these reports clearly demonstrate that overdraft fees are still far too high and are eating into some of the most vulnerable citizens' savings.    There are some startling statistics from the Bureau's latest overdraft study. Most overdraft fees are incurred on purchases of just $24 or less and are paid back within 3 days. But the median overdraft fee for these small overdrafts is still a whopping $34. So you have a $24 overdraft and you pay a $34 fee for 3 days of borrowing money.    And according to your report, consumers would be paying, for these 3 days, a 17,000 percent annual percentage rate. The ranking member was concerned about a 400 percentage annual rate and I agree with you. But I think everybody in this room can agree that a 17,000 percentage annual rate for borrowing--for 3 days borrowing a $24 overdraft is outrageous.    So my question is, what do you plan to do? Or do you plan to do anything about these excessive fees? What is your plan?    Mrs. Maloney. It is so much, it is unbelievable.    Mrs. Maloney. Thank you. And going back to the prepaid cards, many people in this committee and I would say some of the biggest players in the industry such as Wells Fargo, Green Dot, and others and I understand that they are the largest prepaid card companies in the country, it is my understanding that they called on the Bureau to simply ban overdraft programs for prepaid cards because these cards should be exactly that--prepaid. They should not be a de facto credit card.    I was pleased to see that your proposed rule took strong steps to limit overdraft on prepaid cards. But the proposed rule stopped short of an outright ban. So, I am concerned that this could incentivize companies to find loopholes in the rule that would allow them to keep collecting overdraft piece on prepaid cards.    And I understand you are still considering an outright ban on overdraft for prepaid cards. Is this something that you are going--what is your plan for this? What are we going to see in the final rule?    Mrs. Maloney. And when do you expect this to happen?    Mrs. Maloney. Just the timing, when will this rule be out?    Mrs. Maloney. Later this year?