    Mr. Langevin. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    General Stewart and General Marrs, welcome. Thank you for your testimony before this committee today as we help to shed light on some of the most dangerous threats that are facing the Nation around the world today.    General Stewart, I will start with you. I thought that was a very insightful analysis in terms of the challenges we face, in terms of resurgence of nation-states, breakdown of some traditional states, and the rise of destructive technologies.    Can you give the committee a sense of how you are properly organizing and resourcing the Defense Intelligence Agency to both better understand these threats and understand where they are going in the future?    Maybe some specific examples, so that we understand what the outcomes of these trends are going to be, how they will challenge the United States going forward, and how we are prepared to counter those threats?    General Stewart. Following the lead of my predecessor, you know, we have organized, reorganized the Defense Intelligence Agency along integrated intelligence center lines. That allows us to focus on regional challenges and give a center director all of the authority to work with the combatant commands to understand the many challenges in that region. That is a key foundational portion of what we have done to get a better sense of the challenges that we face.    We have laid on top of that an architecture, at least we are building an architecture. We probably refer to it as ICITE , that will allow us to use a cloud-based architecture to move content, make content available to the analysts wherever they are in the enterprise.    That, I think, will be very significant in making information available and then using some big data analytic tools to help us to see these trends and represent those trends in a more timely manner. That is a very important next step.    And then leveraging or working closely with our partners, our international partners, so that when we understand we have shortfalls or risk, we can use our partners to cover, to mitigate some of those risks or shortfalls. I do not have enough capacity to cover the globe. I will not be able to cover every contingency and every crisis given the structure that we have today, which is why we focus primarily on those five areas that I have talked about.    But we are doing all the things process-wise, organizational-wise, architectural-wise, command and control-wise, to make sure we have the best information ready to deliver to our policymakers. And anything this committee can do to help increase our capacity would be greatly welcomed.    Mr. Langevin. Thank you, General.    So among the things that you touched on and one of the things that concerns me the most, of course, is the rise of destructive technologies. And clearly, none can be greater than the cyber threats that we face. And how do you feel we are positioned in terms of our ability to understand our adversaries' cyber capabilities, and do you feel that we are properly resourced to defend against those threats?    General Stewart. We are actively building back the analytic capability to understand adversaries' cyber capabilities. So we are building that back. We have made some investments to get some analysis in that space.    Thinking about the cyberspace, that domain, the ability to counter activities in that space from kinetic actions, which requires a level of analysis that just find the nodes that we could defeat kinetically, all the way through the more discrete cyber, understanding key nodes, key networks, key routers, key switches. That requires an exquisite level of intelligence that we have not invested in over the last several years.    So we are starting to build those pieces back now. That will take us a little bit of time. The fact that we are focused on those key threats, key actors, Russia, China, North Korea, Iran, will help us, but it won't position us to deal with the non-state or the emergent actor in that space.    Mr. Langevin. And General, do you believe that CYBERCOM should be its own independent COCOM , and how might this benefit our cyber operations worldwide?    General Stewart. I haven't really thought about that question, to be honest. And I am hesitant to go there, because I know that Admiral Rogers, the commander at U.S. Cyber Command, has an opinion on that.    Mr. Langevin. We just want your opinion.    General Stewart. So I will just say at this point, CYBERCOM needs the relationship that it has with NSA far more than NSA needs CYBERCOM. I don't know that CYBERCOM could be effective and carry out its mission without that very close relationship, integral, integrated relationship that it currently has with NSA. It would have to build significant capacity to understand the threats and counter those threats, and I think that would be very costly in the near term.    Mr. Langevin. Thank you both.    Chairman, I will yield back.