    Mr. Kent. Thank you, Chairman Bishop, Ranking Member Grijalva, and distinguished members of the committee. I appreciate the invitation to testify today.    As you noted, I am a Professor of Law at Fordham University School of Law, and I teach constitutional law and other topics. I will comment briefly on the constitutional power of Congress to enact the proposed legislation.    As might be expected, almost all legislation coming from the Congress that deals with insolvency, restructuring, bankruptcy, and like topics is enacted under the bankruptcy clause of Article I. That clause provides that Congress shall have the power to establish uniform laws on the subject of bankruptcies throughout the United States.    The uniformity that this requires has been called by the Supreme Court ``geographic uniformity,'' but, nevertheless, the Supreme Court has also indicated that the uniformity requirement is not a straitjacket, and it has in many different cases found that differences in the law and the way it applies to different classes of debtors and creditors are not violations of the uniformity requirement.    Congress may address geographically isolated problems under the bankruptcy clause without violating the uniformity requirement. And, as I said, Congress may treat different classes of debtors and creditors differently without violating the uniformity requirement.    Because this is a territory-specific law that deals with an entire class of debtors and is dealing with a geographically isolated problem, I think there are strong arguments that Congress could, if it wanted to, enact this under the bankruptcy clause without violating uniformity requirements.    But there would be some risks if that were the only basis under which Congress could act. Thankfully, it is not. There is another basis on which Congress can enact this legislation, and that is the so-called territorial clause of Article IV of the Constitution, the clause that is referenced in the new draft legislation in section 101. That clause empowers the Congress to make, ``all needful rules and regulations respecting the territory or other property belonging to the United States.''    Congress' power to use this clause to legislate for the territories has been called an absolute and undisputed power by Chief Justice John Marshall. Congress has well established and very long exercised power under this clause to treat territories differently from each other and to treat territories differently than it treats the states of the Union. And, in my judgment, this clause serves as an independent and sufficient basis with which Congress could enact the contemplated legislation.    The power of Congress under the territorial clause is vastly different than the power it has when it is legislating for states of the Union. Congress' power is limited when legislating for the states to certain enumerated or implied topics of national concern, but when legislating for the territories, Congress is given additional power by this clause--broad, general legislative powers that the Supreme Court has repeatedly analogized to those powers held by a state legislature.    So Congress, in fact, possesses two types of powers under this territorial clause. As the Supreme Court has said, the Nation possesses the sovereign powers of the general government, and it added to that when it is legislating in the territories, it also has the powers of a local or state government.    The Supreme Court has called this power ``broad,'' ``plenary,'' and even ``practically unlimited.'' And the Supreme Court has numerous times emphasized that the interpretation of Congress' power to legislate for the territories must be flexible to allow Congress the flexibility that is needed to legislate in a practical and workable manner for the different situations of the different territories.    And, in fact, the history of congressional regulation of the territories has been one of tailoring legislation to the specific historical, geographic, economic, legal, and political conditions of the different territories. The history has also shown that Congress repeatedly uses the territorial clause to enact a wide array of legislation that it could not have enacted if it were legislating for the states under its Article I powers. My written testimony gives many examples of this.    There are actually three identically worded uniformity clauses in the Constitution. In addition to the bankruptcy uniformity clause, there is a requirement that imposts and excise taxes be uniform. The Supreme Court held as long ago as 1901 that that uniformity requirement--again, identically worded to the one in the bankruptcy clause--does not apply to Puerto Rico.    There is also a requirement of naturalization uniformity, again, with the exact same language as in the bankruptcy clause. The Supreme Court has not ruled on that, but the Courts of Appeals have held that naturalization uniformity does not apply in the unincorporated territories, such as Puerto Rico, and there is a very long history of congressional naturalization legislation that is disuniform, that treats the residents of territories very differently, without constitutional infirmity in that being found.    So, in a general matter, Congress only needs one constitutional basis upon which to enact legislation, and since I believe the territorial clause is sufficient for that, uniformity issues under the bankruptcy clause need not be raised.    Thank you very much.    Mr. Kent. Well, the power to adjudicate bankruptcy has to be given by the Congress, and the courts cannot act unless that authority is given. So a bill, such as the one being contemplated now by the committee, would be the first thing that would need to happen before we would have any questions about power of courts.    Mr. Kent. Were they granted authority by the Congress, yes.    Mr. Kent. I am not a bankruptcy law expert. I am a constitutional person, but my understanding is that, currently, Puerto Rico and its instrumentalities are not--that bankruptcy is not available to them through the current statute.    Mr. Kent. Yes, it does. Under the territories clause, I believe it does.    Mr. Kent. As it applies to state governments?    Mr. Kent. That raises some very hard issues. The Supreme Court addressed this in the 1930s and had very serious constitutional concerns about the impact on state sovereignty. I would say pretty definitively that something like the oversight board that is contemplated here as kind of the quid pro quo for having access to restructuring would be----    Mr. Kent. I don't think it does. There would be very, very serious constitutional difficulties, probably insurmountable, with something that looks like this bill here as applied to the states. There would be problems with the 10th Amendment. There would be problems with sovereign immunity. There would be problems with the so-called contracts clause of the Constitution. No is the short answer.    Mr. Kent. I do think it is, yes.    Mr. Kent. Certainly, Congress would have to authorize it. And as I said before, I think the constitutional difficulties are so severe that it is hard for me to imagine how it could possibly be constitutional with regard to the states. There is contracts clause, there are sovereign immunity issues, and then there are also issues with 10th Amendment and state sovereignty being invaded. So, I just don't see how it could happen.    Mr. Kent. Yes, I think Congress has power under the territorial clause.    Mr. Kent. I am not aware of one, but there are, as I said, identical clauses. The problem here would be if the bankruptcy clause is said to apply and require uniformity. But like I said, there is precedent that the other uniformity clauses in the Constitution do not apply to Puerto Rico and similarly situated territories. So, I don't think there will be that problem. Congress could act in a way that either territory, across all the territories or specific to Puerto Rico, I think, without a constitutional problem here.    Mr. Kent. Yes, the Constitution protects contracts against states changing them, but it does not have a similar protection for the Federal Government. That is because the Federal Government has the power over bankruptcies. But as I said here, with regard to territories, Congress has an alternate basis, and it could enact bankruptcy legislation under the territorial clause.    Mr. Kent. Well, as I understand the process, that is what happens with bankruptcy.    Mr. Kent. Yes.