    Mr. HANNA. Thank you, Chairman.    Boy, there is a lot to talk about. The 3 percent rule is gone. Relax. I cannot imagine it coming back.    In the last Congress, we worked on some of the subjects you mentioned, Mr. Gibson, in particular, reverse auctioning is, I mean, you all stated it one way or another, but it is a race to the bottom. I think we worked with the Department of Defense. I think with the chairman's permission, we can--I would like to continue on that path because I could not agree with you more. When all you have to do is click a button to be lower than the guy a moment before you, it does add, as you said, a degree of irrationality, and everyone wants to work. So everyone always thinks they can do a little bit better than they thought. So I get that.    And in terms of the overall conversation though about bidding in general, one of the problems with the whole process is, and one of the reasons for bid protests is the very subjective nature of everything you do, which feeds back to the conversation over reverse auctioning and why it is such a bad thing. But how do you protect the interest of the public and at the same time limit the number of bidders? How do you take out those elements that cause people to protest bid? Because it is easy to do and it is easy to find a reason to do that.    I personally was in that business for many years, so I have seen a lot of that. I guess it is hard to have everything. Like, with Mr. Hunter, how do you have a vibrant industrial base, have sequester, and have an efficient R&D, an effective R&D, and still have the right to cut back on the cost of doing business? I mean, you cannot just fund an industrial base because you always want them to be there. You cannot just pay people to manufacture things because someday you may need them, although you could argue that you might. I wonder how you balance all that.    Mr. Hoffman, maybe you would like to say something about it. And anyone else.    Mr. HANNA. So really what you are saying is you need a better way to qualify bidders, limit the number of bidders, and frankly, let the government have a more thoughtful and deliberate process for deciding not just how many, but how and what.    I am interested though, Mr. Hunter, what do you think of--how do you maintain all that?    Mr. HANNA. Thank you.    Mr. HANNA. Thank you.    Surety bonding. You know there was a bill in the last Congress that almost made it. It died but for one person in the Senate. You are familiar with that. Basically, it meant that bonding had to be backed by real assets. It is not that complicated and it is not that much to ask. We know that it has not always been that way. I would just like to give you a chance to talk about that, Mr. McNerney and Mr. Gibson. You are both in that racket, so.    Mr. HANNA. Bonding has always been based on a zero loss ratio. As soon as you factor in any loss at all, you are degrading the contractor and you are degrading the process.    Mr. HANNA. You would agree with that, Mr. Gibson?    Mr. HANNA. Mr. Hunter, implicit in your statement--and I will just admit, just for myself, that sequestration is pretty ham-fisted and not nearly as discriminate as any thoughtful person would want it to be. But knowing that and knowing the other issues with the debt and the deficit and the way people feel about all that, and I agree with that, how do you maintain research and development and how do you maintain these companies without just throwing money at them to make sure they are in business when you need them? Because that is implicit in your statement, and yet, that is not logical necessarily to everyone, and certainly not to me.    You have got two minutes. I mean, I would kind of like to know about that dynamic because we have, in my district, companies that are deeply invested in doing work for the government and find themselves through sequestration in trouble right in the middle of things that they are doing that everybody thinks are important. It is an interesting problem.    Mr. HANNA. But you would agree; you just cannot throw money at the problem.    Mr. HANNA. So do you mind, can I speculate and say that sequestration is not all bad because it has made some people more thoughtful about how they do things and how they manage their total budgets?    Mr. HANNA. But maybe it helped?    Mr. HANNA. Except in the last, they did allow for discretion in terms of that. That was the original way it went. But that changed, so.    Mr. HANNA. Thank you. My time is expired. Thank you, Chairman.