    Mr. O'Rourke. Mr. Chairman, Ranking Member Titus, thank you for allowing me to join you today in the hearing.    Ms. Eskenazi, I didn't fully catch what you said in your opening statement about a fully developed appeal. It seemed to diverge from your written testimony. Could you repeat that or expand upon what you said?    Mr. O'Rourke. The bill that we introduced last year and we are planning to reintroduce again in this session of Congress with Mr. Cook of California would essentially do that, give the veteran a choice. The VA would establish a pilot program. It would be an alternative. They would have to come with their appeal fully baked, ready to go, and would sacrifice the ability to add additional evidence. And for that, at least in our concept of this, you would cut two-thirds off the current wait times. You would get a much faster response.    You know, it still would be upwards of a year, which seems like a long time to me, but it is far better than two and a half or three years, which is the standard. And then to some of Mr. Costello's line of questioning, you would also eliminate the remands back to the regional offices, and BVA would retain jurisdiction.    I have personally no pride of ownership on this. If you all want to do it administratively, if somebody else has a better way to get there, I am interested to hear from DAV and others on their ideas about this. I will get behind that.    But let me ask you this; could you implement what you just described or what I just described administratively? Do you need Congress to do anything, or could you just do this yourself?    Mr. O'Rourke. That is the part that you need law to change, an act of Congress?    Mr. O'Rourke. So you are committed to the concept. You are supportive of that whether it comes through this bill or some other bill. Those parts of it that you could change and implement administratively, you are committing today to doing that, and those parts which I just understand to be that one that you just identified that require an act of Congress, you will help this committee in ensuring that we have the appropriate language to do that.    And we could get this done this session of Congress and have it running if we could get that bill to the floor this year, before the end of this year, before the end of 2015?    Mr. O'Rourke. Great. Really pleased to hear that.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.