    Mr. DeSantis. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And I appreciate Chairman Ros-Lehtinen holding this hearing. I think that this is a very important subject.    And I agree with a lot of the concerns about what is going on in Egyptian society, but I also don't want to view the Muslim Brotherhood with any type of rose-colored glasses. I think that we should designate them as a foreign terrorist organization. We have passed it out of one House committee already, and it is awaiting Floor action. I think that they are not part of the solution in the Middle East but part of the problem.    So let me ask you, putting aside the problems that are going on in Egyptian society, Ambassador Green, is President el-Sisi a more reliable ally to the United States in combating Islamist terror than a Muslim Brotherhood-led government would be?    Ambassador Green. Thank you, Congressman. I am not sure I am qualified to comment necessarily on the security situation, but what I can comment on is very clearly former President Morsi and the Muslim Brotherhood were leading Egypt on a very, very dangerous path toward combative, violent Islamic extremism. You know, there is simply no doubt of that.    My fear and what my testimony is today is that in the 3 years since then, I worry that the clamping down on civil society and human rights is making the situation--we are certainly not improving the situation.    Mr. DeSantis. I think we saw Mubarak is removed, they do an election, and really the default political movement is political Islam. You saw that with the Brotherhood winning; the Salafists did well in that election. And I am concerned as well with what you are talking about with civil society, but are there competing ideologies at play? Are there people who are trying to offer a more, I think, appetizing view of the role of government and individual liberty in Egypt right now?    Ambassador Green. I think one of the dangers is when you have a total clampdown on civil society and the opportunities for citizens to engage their government, there is no pluralism, and that is a very dangerous thing. So, you know, it becomes a self-fulfilling prophecy. And again, we believe that there needs to be political space for people to express themselves. We recognize the security challenges that the government faces, but certainly from the perspective of the U.S., there is every reason that we should be clear-eyed in our analysis, and we should be honest and straightforward with those with whom we engage.    Mr. DeSantis. Mr. Awad, what would you say? President el-Sisi, is he a more reliable ally in combating Islamist terror than a Brotherhood-led government would be?    Mr. DeSantis. They support groups like Hamas, though.    Mr. DeSantis. Well, but they also provide----    Mr. DeSantis . The intellectual contours for a really rigid political Islamism. And one of the things I appreciated with President el-Sisi--and again, I think I agree with you guys on the problems of the civil society is that he gave a speech in front of a lot of clerics in 2015 and just made the point that he is a devout Muslim, but you can't have the faith used to be antagonistic to every single person in the world who disagrees with that. I would imagine that that view would be rejected by the hierarchy of the Brotherhood, correct?    Mr. DeSantis. All right. I thank the gentleman for his comments. I would just say I think that what is kind of at the foundation of society, are there pockets where you could actually have more liberal views about the proper role of government. And my fear is that the default is basically the Brotherhood and political Islamists, that that is where the majority or at least a plurality of the folks are. But I agree it is tough to figure that out if there are not open channels. But I appreciate the testimony, and I yield back.    Mr. Wilson of South Carolina. Thank you, Congressman DeSantis. And now we will conclude with our guest, Congressman Dana Rohrabacher of California.