    Mr. Ellis. Thank you. Good morning, Mr. Chairman, Mr. Ranking Member, and members of the committee. I am Steve Ellis. I'm the Bureau of Land Management's deputy director for operations. I appreciate the opportunity to discuss BLM's firearms management practices here this morning.    The dedicated men and women who make up the BLM law enforcement program play an integral role in ensuring public safety and fulfilling our agency's multiple use and sustained-yield mission. Every day our officers put themselves in harm's way to investigate vandalism and looting, support emergency response, and provide a safe environment for employees and the visitors to our nation's public lands.    Nationally, the BLM manages a wide variety of resources spread over 245 million acres of public land and 700 million acres of subsurface mineral estate. There are many Federal laws and regulations that guide BLM in managing these public lands. The BLM has been given specific resource protection of law enforcement responsibility to further that mission.    The BLM manages more than 10 percent of the Nation's surface area and yet has one of the smallest law enforcement organizations among the Department of Interior's bureaus. The BLM is roughly one law enforcement officer for every one million acres of public land that we manage.    The public lands managed by BLM are predominantly located in the Western United States, including Alaska, and consist of a very diverse landscape and resources. As a result, the specific duties of each BLM law enforcement officer can vary considerably. In all areas, BLM law enforcement officers work in cooperation with local sheriffs' offices, State agencies, and other Federal law enforcement agencies.    BLM has approximately 185 law enforcement rangers and 75 special agents on staff who enforce a wide range of laws and regulations in preventing, detection, and investigation of crimes affecting public lands resources. BLM provides each law enforcement officer with the necessary tools to protect themselves and others as they carry out their official duties.    The BLM is vigilant about its responsibility to control, secure, and safeguard firearms that its law enforcement officers are issued to carry out their duties and their responsibilities. The standard firearms issue for each officer is a semiautomatic pistol for primary duty carry, semiautomatic pistol as a backup weapon, a shotgun, and a semiautomatic rifle.    The Department of Interior outlines policies for firearms inventory, accounting, control, disposal, and destruction, as detailed in the Department's letter to the committee on this issue that was sent last month--transmitted last month. Those procedures are included in the Department manual and Federal regulations and GSA Federal property management regulations. Among other requirements, departmental policy mandates that the bureau perform a fiscal firearm inventory of issued firearms twice year.    On rare occasions, BLM's law enforcement officers may seize or confiscate firearms as part of criminal investigations or when an owner voluntarily surrenders them. Federal regulations, GSA guidelines, and Department of interior property management directives are also followed when BLM periodically disposes of or destroys seized or confiscated firearms and other firearms deemed unserviceable, excess, voluntarily relinquished, or abandoned and not suitable for government use.    In the event that a firearm is lost or stolen, BLM complies with departmental policies that mandate notification of the Department within 24 hours for all lost or stolen firearms. Documentation and investigation of each incident occurs. It's entered in the lost or stolen firearms National Crime Information Center database and entered each incident in the Department's internal affairs database.    Over the last 10 years, the BLM has reported one firearm lost and seven as stolen. Six of these were recovered. There was only one instance during that period in which a lost or stolen BLM firearm has been implicated in subsequent criminal activity. On June 27, 2015, a BLM officer's handgun was stolen from his personal vehicle in San Francisco, California. The theft was immediately reported in accordance with BLM's policies and procedures. The gun was confirmed to have been used in a shooting that occurred in San Francisco on July 1, 2015.    Thank you for the opportunity to provide testimony today, and I'd be glad to answer any questions you may have.    Mr. Ellis. That's correct.    Mr. Ellis. We have approximately 1,000--approximately 1,480 firearms, and of those, 1,040 are issued to law enforcement officers. I mentioned in my testimony four weapons per officer, and we have about--with 185 rangers, 75 agents, four weapons each, that's 1,040 issued. There are at least 440 that are unissued. Of those, there are--approximately 290 are suitable for use, 150 unsuitable for use. Of those that are unsuitable, about 30 of those are training weapons, and at least about 120 that are damaged or old.    Mr. Ellis. Okay. It's my understanding, Mr. Chairman, that the Department provided a great deal of information in response to your questions, and it ----    Mr. Ellis. Well, if there's some additional information, Mr. Chairman, that we need to provide, I'll look into it.    Mr. Ellis. I will get back to the committee on the information that you requested. As I indicated it ----    Mr. Ellis. No.    Mr. Ellis. Okay. We will look into providing you the information.    Mr. Ellis. We--Mr. Chairman, as I said, we will--I will be happy to look into the information that you requested, that you indicated is not ----    Mr. Ellis. I cannot tell you what the exact date is. I see a lot of ----    Mr. Ellis. Mr. Chairman, I know there was a response that was sent to you from the Department.    Mr. Ellis. Fine.    Mr. Ellis. I--there's a letter that ----    Mr. Ellis. Yes, fine, fine. I understand. There's a letter that the Department sent to you on June 14, 2016, that does summarize the firearms of the various agencies in the Department.    Mr. Ellis. Yes, sir.    Mr. Ellis. Yes, I might respond to your question, too, is one, the BLM does an inventory of their firearms every 6 months. We last did one--let's see, was it last January--and recently completed one here it would be at the end of June.    In regards to the question about the information that you get back, what I--I might say that the committee ----    Mr. Ellis. I do.    Mr. Ellis. We've had eight firearms lost. One was lost in the mail, seven were stolen. Of these ----    Mr. Ellis. Six were recovered.    Mr. Ellis. One that we're aware of, one.    Mr. Ellis. That's--yes. Congressman, our law enforcement officers are rangers, uniformed officers, and they're special agents. It all starts with their--what's called--well, their basic training, FLETC, 16 weeks of training for the Federal Law Enforcement Training Center. When they qualify on the job every 6 months on these weapons, you know, they receive, you know, additional training.    And also, we have what we call our general orders, and our general orders cover the requirements for securing firearms, say in vehicles, in your residence if you have them in your residence. That's all covered in our general orders ----    Mr. Ellis. Well, first of all, Mr. Chairman, very tragic, very tragic incident, and ----    Mr. Ellis. My understanding is that the BLM law enforcement officer had that weapon in his personal vehicle that he was driving to Helena, Montana.    Mr. Ellis. It's my understanding the vehicle was locked and it was broken into.    Mr. Ellis. They are.    Mr. Ellis. Rangers are responsible ----    Mr. Ellis. Mr. Chairman, the ranger was not disciplined and ----    Mr. Ellis. After this incident, the BLM investigated why. Myself and many of us wanted to know how did this happen. At the time we did not have a policy in place for POVs. That's personally operated vehicles. We now have a policy in place that ----    Mr. Ellis. No, there's policy--there's a general order 15 that covers government vehicles ----    Mr. Ellis. All ----    Mr. Ellis. Mr. Chairman, the policy that was in place for personal vehicles essentially required the locking of the vehicle. The individual had the vehicle locked. It was broken into. The firearm was not secured to a hard point in the vehicle ----    Mr. Ellis. The policy ----    Mr. Ellis. Now--the policy now requires that.    Mr. Ellis. I do not know the answer to that.    Mr. Ellis. It's a semiautomatic rifle. I don't--I cannot tell you ----    Mr. Ellis. It's my understanding it's similar to AR-15.    Mr. Ellis. Well, it is a semiautomatic rifle, so ----    Mr. Ellis. Yes.    Mr. Ellis. Congressman, when a firearm is lost or stolen, we do an investigation. If that ----    Mr. Ellis. If the investigation shows that a policy was violated, we issue a disciplinary action.    Mr. Ellis. This individual in this particular instance was not disciplined because we did not find where he violated a policy. We did have an instance where a law enforcement officer was disciplined when a firearm was stolen from his residence that was not following the policy. Actually, the law enforcement officer resigned so the disciplinary action was never enacted because the law enforcement officer left the agency.    Mr. Ellis. The BLM ranger was in San Francisco, as I indicated earlier, was on his way to an assignment in Helena, Montana.    Mr. Ellis. It was official business. You know, from his duty station to Helena, Montana, that was between the two.    Mr. Ellis. Well, sure, they--Federal and State law, yes, when they ----    Mr. Ellis. I am not.    Mr. Ellis. It's my understanding that the firearm was under the seat on the driver's side, the firearm that was stolen.    Mr. Ellis. No, what I would say is it's my understanding the weapon was in a pack under the seat on the driver's side.    Mr. Ellis. Mr. Chairman, I'm not familiar with the California State law, I'm not an attorney, but what I can tell you ----    Mr. Ellis. Well, I would expect that they would. I think that, you know, it would be difficult for them to understand the laws and the rules in every community, you know, that they're passing through.    Mr. Ellis. I would hope that they would have an understanding ----