    Mr. Schweikert. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I am actually elated that we are having this hearing, and by looking around you can see how many of us truly are geeky enough to love this.    I want to do two things. I was actually, and I am hoping I am not too much of an outlier here, I was not enraged but I was close. I thought it was inappropriate, I thought the United States should have participated in the chartering of the Chinese-sponsored Asian Development Bank for the governances. A quick question, and then I want to get into something I have a great interest in. The four of you obviously know this area well, am I right or wrong in that position?    Mr. Schweikert. As you see--    Mr. Schweikert. Look, it is a little duplicitous to say, we don't want to play because we are worried about governance issues, but if we don't show up, we can't have influence on governance issues. Meaning you can't have both. So, and you see the number of our allies, who we care about that we tried to influence not to participate and they did.    Mr. Schweikert. Oh, of course.    Mr. Schweikert. There is money involved.    Mr. Schweikert. Mr. Morris.    Mr. Schweikert. And that is fair, but look, we know we have some bureaucratic problems. We had some allocation problems. We also have some decision-making design problems. And I am hoping over this next few months, we can actually sort of dig down in that.    A one off, but I think it is actually not focused on enough. Doctor, you eloquently spoke about the microfinancing, the layering within there. Something I don't--and I would love to find someone who has a publication where I can delve into this, someone has researched it, is micro trade. Before I got this job, I was blessed to do lots and lots of traveling to a lot of unusual places in the world.    And had to--a 30 second example. A family I met about 70 kilometers north of Bagan in Myanmar, carved tables. A couple of months ago, I was playing on the computer, and I found out they have this little tiny website selling their carvings, and their version, I guess, of PayPal.    I just bought a table from them, from someone who is in a rural area in Burma. If you care about micro financing, if you care about economic growth, if you care about the empowerment of the poor, isn't my ability using the new platforms, we are all walking around with these supercomputers, to engage in that type of trade. How do we promote that?    Mr. Schweikert. And generally, because so many of us have focused on the capital facilities, infrastructure facilities down to the micro financing, how about also now on the sort of micro production side? The ability to produce and sell your products. The ability to communicate you have the availability of those products to a world market. I have always thought that was the portion that was missing in this discussion for alleviating poverty around the world.    Mr. Schweikert. I would love to give this a little intellectual thought, and I am way over time, but this is something I--    Mr. Schweikert. I yield back.    Mr. Schweikert. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Gentlemen, first off, if my sort of outlier question or dialogue we are having in regards to that ability to sort of engage, and I use the term micro trade because I haven't come up with a better one, and I am actually not familiar with what is actually in the literature, but if you look at the technology platforms in Africa, you know, where this is also your bank, that should empower the ability to engage in other levels of trade.    Can you share with me your experiences of what you are seeing out there in this happening? Because, it may be a little more chaotic, it may be outside a more structured, but you could also get some pretty good data on its philosophy. What do you see happening? And that is an open question, because I have no idea who should respond to it.    Mr. Schweikert. The price efficiency.    Mr. Schweikert. But in these examples, if we start to think about, if our passion is dealing with global poverty, and a path out of it, I am concerned or hopeful that the new information age, the fact that I often have very poor citizens around the world who are still holding some type of smart phone. And the information, the ability to move money now on those platforms, but also the ability to offer services or an indigenous product, or an enhanced--a value added product.    How do I see the layering of, okay, yes, we have the huge development banks over here, they are going to build a bridge and a dam, but I have this other world that has also focused at the poverty level of providing at the community, at the individual, at the village level.    And how do we, as Members of Congress, also make sure that we understand it, and are actually promoting those things that help the poorest around the world?    Mr. Schweikert. Now, years ago, just as in that same line, rural India and the participation of an NGO that I believe had some resources, they actually weren't giving money to the village, they weren't giving money. What they were doing is they were subsidizing the transportation of the product to go from here to here, so it was economical.    So, I accept it is complicated. There are lots of layers. But do understand there are a number of us who are just really interested in how commerce, the ability to work and trade, is a key solution to dealing with world poverty.    And, with that, I yield back, Mr. Chairman.