    Mr. Allen. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank you for your insight into this. I know we have had a lot of hearings on the nutrition programs, as they relate to agriculture, and that sort of thing. And I do somewhat agree with my colleague, we kind of need to figure out why we are having these problems. And your report is going to give us tremendous insight, and I am looking forward to that report. But one of the things that puzzles me as I am out in the district is that there are jobs available, lots of jobs available, but at the same time we have this disconnect in trying to get folks trained and on the job, and off of these programs. And we have--I don't know, it seems like there is a wall there. And I guess my question is are programs like this discouraging folks from trying to get over that wall, and get employed, and provide for their family, or even have a family?    Mr. Allen. My parents drilled into me every day that choices have consequences. And, of course, back when I grew up there were a lot less choices that you could get in serious trouble on. And, it looks like to me that we have created, in some of this--and it is not their fault. It is not the people who are struggling in this cycle. Apparently we are not educating them on, hey, there is a way out of this. Because, what we are doing is we are increasing these programs, thinking that that is going to solve the problem. But then again, we have more single family households being created. We have more people who are not looking for work anymore, and basically more dependence on government. So, in your findings has there been any suggestions on how do we get this thing turned around and start making improvement? Or solving these problems, as my colleague mentioned earlier.    Mr. Allen. Yes.    Mr. Doar.--so we had to come together unanimously, and I think that these themes of leadership, comprehensive look, coherent, working with multiple agencies, talking about work as being essential, understanding that families matter, racial discrimination matters, these other factors matter as well, that is what we could do.    Mr. Allen. Yes.    Mr. Allen. There are also many pro-family organizations out there. The State of Georgia has one, and they do a lot of economic studies based on choices, like finishing high school, and maybe not getting married until you finish high school, and then after you get married, then you have children. And the economic impact of that is enormous. And so how do we get that, because I really believe, like I said, a lot of these folks just don't know a way out. You might look at some of these studies out there, as you put in this report--and, again, this is a report, I guess, just on what your findings are.    Mr. Allen. But as we go to solutions, it looks like that we would look at, okay, this is the way out. This is the way to get off, to feed your children, and to get a job. And is that something you are going to look at, as far as your Commission is concerned?    Mr. Allen. Okay.    Mr. Doar.--and one of them was personal choices, or personal agency, or personal responsibility. We felt that it would be inappropriate to say that the entire solution resides in what government can do for people. It also is related to what people need to do for themselves. So we say that. Now, we don't have many specifics on how to make that happen----    Mr. Allen. Okay.    Mr. Doar.--but we felt it was important to say.    Mr. Allen. So that would be the next step?    Mr. Allen. This is how we make it happen? I yield back. I am out of time.    The Chairman. The gentleman's time has----    Mr. Allen. Thank you.    The Chairman.--expired. Ms. Plaskett, 5 minutes.