    Ms. Walters. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Attorney General Lynch, last year I followed the various scandals that plagued the Department of Veterans Affairs. And like many Americans, I was appalled at the manipulation of patient wait times at numerous VA facilities. Our veterans risked life and limb to serve this Nation and the VA failed them.    FBI Director James Comey confirmed on June 11, 2014, that the FBI was investigating criminal allegations, and this was within the Veterans Affairs related to the manipulation of patient wait times. Can you provide to us the status of an update regarding the investigation?    Attorney General Lynch. Thank you for the question. I certainly share your concern in regard for our Nation's veterans, having several of them in my own family.    With respect to that matter, I'm not able to provide you an update at this time. I would like to have my staff reach out to you after we see what information we'd be able to provide to your office.    Ms. Walters. Okay. Are there any cases in which the Department of Justice has decided to pursue charges against VA employees for manipulating wait times? And if not, why not?    Attorney General Lynch. I'm not aware at this point in time of the status of that matter. So, again, I would not be able to give you that information.    What I can say, Congresswoman, not to delay the time, is that certainly the service of our veterans is of great importance to us and we support them in a number of ways, not just through the investigation that you referred to, but through our Servicemembers Initiative act and our work protecting their right to vote overseas, as well as our implementation of services such as veterans courts and working with local municipalities to alleviate homelessness in veterans. All of these things, all of these issues plague our veterans and are something that we as a Nation need to be engaged in.    Ms. Walters. Do you happen to know how many VA medical facilities are under active investigation for manipulating wait times?    Attorney General Lynch. I'm not able to give you that information at this time.    Ms. Walters. Okay. And you wouldn't know when the investigations are planned to be concluded?    Attorney General Lynch. No, but I certainly would appreciate the chance to get back to you with that.    Ms. Walters. Okay. Just a couple more questions. How many cases has the DOJ declined to prosecute or press charges against the VA employees for manipulating wait times?    Attorney General Lynch. I'm not able to give you that information.    Ms. Walters. Okay. Okay, thank you.    Ms. Walters. I yield back.