    Dr. Lowenthal. Thank you, Mr. Chair. First, I would like to enter into the record a letter that I and 53 of my House colleagues sent to seek support of the draft NEPA guidance last year. I am pleased that we are holding this hearing on the two topics that are very important to my constituents. That is both NEPA and also climate change. So I offer that into the record.    The Chairman. So ordered.    Dr. Lowenthal. Thank you, Mr. Chair.    Dr. Lowenthal. Before I ask a question, I would like to follow up on--I think the discussion is fascinating that my colleague from California just gave, that the climate is always changing, why are we doing this. And he is right. Global average temperatures for the earth do go up and down over time. But I would like to point out from the data that it goes up and down quite slowly.    For example, the temperatures rose about 4+ Celsius between the last ice age and modern times. Scientists believe that that is because of the CO<INF>2</INF> that was released into the atmosphere that was released from the oceans. We are talking about now tens of thousands of years that the glaciers melted, sea level rose, about 120 meters--4 degrees in tens of thousands of years.    Now we are looking at warming that, according to NASA, is at least 10 times as fast as the warming that got us out of the last ice age. Just in the past century alone we have increased the global average temperature by a degree-and-a-half Celsius. And unless we take drastic changes, we are on track for 3+ more warming by the end of this century. So, we are talking about, in two centuries, more change in the climate than took place in tens of thousands of years. So let's be clear about the data.    We know that these changes have happened slowly in the past by, as we have studied, the paleoclimate history. But I want to remind my clients--I mean my colleagues, not my clients----    Dr. Lowenthal . But maybe my clients, maybe--that we have invested this civilization we are talking about modern infrastructure of trillions of dollars of investments. We have built homes, utilities, roads, ports, and so forth, and they have been built with the idea that climate and sea level rise would be relatively stable.    So, it makes sense, with this phenomenal investment, which was based upon the assumption of a very stable climate and sea level, that that has changed right now. And so, the issue is how are we going to look at coastal flooding? How is that going to affect infrastructure projects in the next 20 to 30 years?    So, I am asking the Director. How can the effects of climate change, like rising sea levels, impact Federal projects? We are not only talking about climate, and what our actions do to affect climate change, but how does this new guidance assist agencies with deciding how to analyze the future effects of climate change like sea level rise on possible projects? How are we going to deal with that issue?    Dr. Lowenthal. Just checking how much time. I will yield back, Mr. Chair. I believe my time has expired.    The Chairman. Thank you. Mr. Graves, you came in late. Are you prepared? Are you ready?    Mr. Graves of Louisiana. Yes, sir.    The Chairman. You are recognized.    Mr. Graves of Louisiana. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, I appreciate it. I will say, with all the confusion that has gone on with the last few speakers, you all aren't making getting old look very attractive.    But look at that, I got to say it without even getting caught for it. That was great.    Mr. Graves of Louisiana. Ms. Goldfuss, thank you for being here today. In a previous life, I worked for years on resiliency issues, and spent a lot of time working with a very diverse group of folks, environmental community, oil and gas community, and others, to help them----