    Mr. Lowenthal. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And I would like to thank you, Mr. Chairman, for bringing up my resolution, H. Res. 728, which supports human rights, democracy, and the rule of law in Cambodia.    And I would also like to thank you, Mr. Chair, for introducing this bill as the first sponsor, along with myself, along with Chairman Royce as a cosponsor, and Ranking Member Engel as a cosponsor. Congressman Chabot is also an original cosponsor. Together, Congressman Chabot and myself founded the Congressional Cambodia Caucus earlier this year to shine a light on these issues.    As has been pointed out so well by Congressman Rohrabacher, who I thank you for your comments, and also by the chair, Cambodia is a nation with enormous potential, home to a large youth population that strives to have their voices heard and their concerns listened to. However, for over 30 years, Cambodia has been ruled by the same ruling party and its leader, Prime Minister Hun Sen. Despite political violence and election irregularities, which were sanctioned by Hun Sen and his Cambodian People's Party, the opposition has continued to grow in support and will contest, first, local elections in 2017 and national elections in 2018. Last year, the Cambodian Government revived the 7-year-old defamation charges against opposition leader Sam Rainsy, expelling him from the Parliament, forcing him into self-imposed exile. That is not enough. Since then, the government has sought to arrest Kem Sokha, the deputy to Sam Rainsy and the deputy opposition leader, who now remains under house arrest, effective house arrest.    This deteriorating political situation in Cambodia demands action from the United States. That is why it is so important that we pass this resolution and show that Congress stands with the people of Cambodia and reaffirms our commitment to democracy, human rights, and the rule of law in Cambodia. Through this resolution, we call on the Government of Cambodia to, one, cease all harassment and intimidation of the Cambodian opposition; drop all politically motivated charges against opposition law makers; allow them to return to Cambodia and freely participate in the political process; and we ask the Government of Cambodia to foster an environment where democracy can thrive and flourish.    Lastly, I would like to thank Congressman Sherman for working with us to offer his amendment strengthening the resolution. This amendment adds a clause calling for reform of criminal defamation laws of the sort which are now being used to prosecute Cambodian opposition leaders, laws that are fundamentally antidemocratic.    Again, I urge my colleagues to support this resolution, and I thank you again, Mr. Chairman, and I yield back.