    Mr. Powner. Chairman Chaffetz, Ranking Member Cummings, members of the committee, thank you for holding this hearing that highlights a significant issue for our Nation. We have too many old legacy systems that are not serving citizens well, cost too much to maintain, are at risk of failing, and pose significant security vulnerabilities.    This morning, I will summarize some of these systems and why we got into the situation, the dire security situation these systems pose, and what needs to occur to fix this issue.    I would like to start by highlighting the fact that the Federal Government spends roughly 75 percent of its IT dollars on operations and maintenance and only 25 percent on modernizing or new development. So last year, roughly $60 billion was spent on legacy, and $20 billion went to new development. Some of this legacy goes toward duplicative systems and inefficient data centers. In your committee hearing last week, you administered FITARA implementation grades that directly address this, could move savings from the legacy bucket to development, and greatly help the situation.    At that hearing, Commerce CIO Steve Cooper illustrated this best when he discussed significant savings resulting from consolidating data centers and how these funds can be moved toward new modernization efforts.    Within that $60 billion spent are many old legacy systems, some of which have components over 50 years old. Our report being released today highlights numerous systems that are still being run with outdated languages, like Assembly, COBOL, and Fortran; have old parts that are obsolete and difficult to find; and contain hardware and software that is no longer supported by vendors.    A key point here is that many of these systems are tied to mission-critical functions, not just administrative or financial management systems, not to downplay the importance of those systems. But our report highlights these aging systems that process our tax returns, coordinate operational functions for nuclear forces, determine Social Security eligibility and amounts. In addition, these aging systems maintain information on hazardous materials important to the Department of Transportation. They also serve as a key communications hub for our Nation's weather warnings.    A couple key reasons why we have this situation is CIO tenure and poor governance over IT spending. The average CIO tenure is roughly only 2 years, and most CIOs are not tackling these large modernization efforts that typically involve massive application and data conversions.    Also, agency IT governance over legacy spending is typically either lacking or poor at best. Not only are these old systems difficult and expensive to maintain because agencies have to rehire retired programmers or pay a premium to vendors for such services, but they also pose significant security risks.    Having all this unsupported hardware and software is a recipe for security breaches. In fact, during our review, we asked for and took pictures of these older systems, and four agencies told us that they could not provide us with these pictures because that alone created significant security concerns.    This is a difficult yet fixable problem. To address this situation, agencies need to first identify and prioritize their old legacy systems in need of replacement. Tony Scott's draft guidance does just this, and this committee's inquiries also help agencies to complete this first step.    Next, agencies need to develop replacement plans with clear milestones for their replacement efforts. Our report highlights far too many instances where these plans are not in place.    Finally, these plans need to be implemented effectively by tackling these efforts incrementally and having aggressive governance that monitors progress that should include clear transparency on the IT dashboard.    Again, your FITARA implementation grades that stress incremental development and accurate CIO ratings could be extremely helpful in fixing the government's aging legacy system problem.    Mr. Chairman, thank you for your leadership on this important issue, and I look forward to your questions.    Mr. Powner. I do not know if it is 50. I will say this, I don't know that I have a precise number, but there is a lot of money spent on inefficient operations, data centers, and there are a lot of failed acquisitions. So clearly, there are billions wasted.    Mr. Powner. Correct.    Mr. Powner. It is about 10,500.    Mr. Powner. Well, we have closed 3,100 to date and saved $2.8 billion. We can close another 2,000 and save $5.4 billion. I think that $5.4 billion is greatly understated because many agencies ----    Mr. Powner. Yes, we need to definitely get more modern.    Mr. Powner. Yes, there have been savings.    Mr. Powner. It varies. It clearly varies.    Mr. Powner. Yes, so I think, clearly, we want to build less in the Federal Government. There is less risk with that.    Mr. Powner. Two years.    Mr. Powner. It is a huge problem.    Mr. Powner. Well, in regards to legacy systems, what CIO wants to come in over a 2-year period and undertake one of these massive conversion efforts? They pick the low-hanging fruit and get quick wins, and they don't tackle the difficult stuff often enough.    Mr. Powner. Yes, it goes back a long way. We have done multiple studies dating back for years on this.    Mr. Powner. That is correct.    Mr. Powner. Yes, that is true.    I will add, though, there has been a lot of good work done to get the ball rolling that ----    Mr. Powner. Hopefully, he can stick around a little bit longer and get IMF decommissioned.    Mr. Powner. Yes, there are. That $60 billion we spend on O&M. We have old legacy that if we could get more efficient systems, it would be less costly to maintain, it would be more secure. Then you already know that we have duplicative spending on commodity IT and inefficient data centers.    So the $60 billion has all kinds of inefficiencies in it. Our point is, we need more plans. I agree not everyone needs a plan. There might be some higher priorities. But we need more plans, so that we move that spending from 60 into the 20 bucket.    Mr. Powner. I have colleagues who have looked at Obamacare implementation, as well as some of the IT issues, in particular, security around the systems with Obamacare. We have some outstanding recommendations on security.    I, personally, have not done that. I will say, though, I did testify in front of this committee when there was the initial failure with the rollout, and I will say I worked closely with Mr. Milholland, because at the time I was doing IRS work and I knew where they were at getting their systems ready for Obamacare, which was different than where HHS and some others were.    Mr. Powner. Okay.    Mr. Powner. If I could clarify that?    Mr. Powner. So there was draft guidance, and we did our review. We think that guidance is really good. We would like to see OMB finalize that guidance and have agencies apply the guidance, so that we could have a prioritization of these things that need to be replaced, similar to the chairman's questions that he asked directly with this data call, and that we would like to see more action on the prioritization and what we are tackling to modernize.    I actually think that's needed to implement the modernization fund, if, in fact, that moved forward.    Mr. Powner. Mr. Chairman, I would like to thank you for highlighting this legacy IT issue. We talked a lot today also about transition. There is a lot of talent sitting here to the left of me. And I would like to highlight the importance of FITARA and your efforts in ensuring that we continue to implement that law.    The first part of FITARA is about strengthening CIO authorities. We need more CIOs like some of the folks sitting here. But FITARA is also about understanding what we spend on IT and then executing it.    Legacy IT management is executing, so it is all part of     So your grades looking at areas you looked at to date have made a lot of progress to date, and we need to continue to make progress through this transition period that we are in.