    Ms. James. Thank you so much, Mr. Chairman and Ranking Member Visclosky, and to all of the members of the committee.    It really is a pleasure for General Welsh and I to be able to come back and represent before all of you today the nearly 660,000 Active Duty, National Guard, Reserve, and civilian Airmen and their families, and we very much welcome the opportunity to do so.    When we testified before all of you last year, we talked about our three priorities, and those three priorities are: taking care of people; striking the right balance between our readiness needs of today and the modernization that we need for tomorrow; and making every dollar count, being the most efficient Air Force with the taxpayer dollar that we can possibly be.    Well, I am here to tell you that those three priorities have not changed, but what has changed over the last year or two or three are some of the world's conditions. And you touched upon much of this, Mr. Chairman, and if you will permit me just to foot-stomp a few points.    As we sit here today, your Air Force is working hard to degrade and ultimately destroy Daesh in the Middle East. And, of course, we are not doing it alone. We are doing it as part of a whole-of-government, a whole-of-military, and a coalition approach.    Last year alone, coalition forces upped the ante against Daesh, flying more than 55,000 sorties in support of Operation Inherent Resolve, which represents a threefold increase over the year 2014. And make no mistake, our United States Air Force shouldered the lion's share of that effort.    Moreover, there is a resurgent Russia. It continues to foment problems in the Ukraine. They have become involved in Syria. And of course, they have recently announced plans to modernize their nuclear weapons.    In addition, we very recently observed North Korea conduct an illegal nuclear test and a rocket launch within just the last few weeks. We continue to see worrisome activity in the South China Sea by Chinese military forces. And, of course, we have very serious growing threats in space and cyberspace.    And the bottom line to all of this is that the Air Force is key in each of these areas, each of these roles, and we are fully engaged in every region, in every mission area across the full spectrum of military operations. The way I would put it is we have never been busier as an Air Force, certainly not in the 35 years that I have been an observer on the scene here in Washington.    So, to confront these challenges, to continue confronting these challenges, and in order to maintain a fighting effective force, we bring before you a budget which tries to do our best to balance capacity, capability, and readiness.    It also invests in future modernization, though this is where we made some of the tough choices this year, given that the budget agreement for fiscal year 2017, for all of its good, did not provide the full amount that we need for our Air Force. And, as a result, we couldn't bring before you as robust of a modernization portfolio as we would have liked.    So let me now detail a few of the highlights of our budget choices as I go through these three top priorities, beginning with taking care of people.    Our Airmen and their families are our most important resource, and our budget reflects this truth. With that said, you already mentioned we are the smallest that we have ever been. We have been downsizing for years, and we know that enough is enough and we cannot go any lower. The downsizing must stop.    And, indeed, it has. We are now in a period of modest upsizing, and we are doing that in a total force way. And the top priorities include the areas of intelligence, Intelligence, surveillance & reconnaissance (ISR), cyber, maintenance, and our battlefield airmen. And we want to thank this committee for supporting the most recent Active Duty plus-up from roughly 311,000 to 317,000 by the end of this fiscal year. You also supported our recent plus-ups to the National Guard and Reserve, and we thank you for that. And to underscore, we simply cannot go any lower.    And, in reality, in our opinion, we believe that mission demands in fiscal year 2017 are going to require us to likely grow more in fiscal year 2017. And so, to meet these demands, I plan to take a judicious approach to incrementally increase our total force beyond the current levels, provided, of course, that we can attract the right talent. And so we would be grateful, when the time comes, for this committee's assistance should a reprogramming action be required to help fund those additional people should we get that talent.    Now, speaking of total force, we are continuing to maximize our use of the Guard and Reserve by shifting additional missions and workload when it makes sense to do so, such as in the fields of Cyber and ISR, Command and Control, Mobility, and Space. And we are continuing to push the envelope big-time when it comes to integration of our Guard and Reserve. And that goes from the staff level at the highest headquarters to the wing level. All levels of integration we are interested in.    Moving on to other personnel concerns, we would ask for your support to provide requested funding for a 1.6-percent pay raise for both our military and civilians as well as targeted pay and retention bonuses for a variety of career fields, including our very important remotely piloted aircraft (RPA) force.    By the way, the RPA and manned pilot incentives are now equalized, and that is great news, but we shouldn't stop there. Specifically, we are submitting a legislative proposal this year which is intended to go farther to retain our aviators against what we see as an improving economy and increasing demand for commercial pilots.    And, finally, still on the subject of people, we are expanding our budget for the Sexual Assault Prevention and Response program this year. We are fully funding our childcare operations, boosting educational benefits. And we are making every effort to fund the most important infrastructure projects that are of benefit to our airmen.    Now, moving on to the readiness and modernization equation, because we really need both. As you just said and as we have tried to explain repeatedly, less than half of our combat Air Forces today are sufficiently ready for a high-end fight. Now, when I say a high-end fight, I mean a conflict that might take place in an anti-access area-denial environment--an environment, plainly put, where the adversary can shoot us down or can interfere with us in some substantial way in space or air or cyber.    Moreover, in addition to that, today's aircraft inventory is the oldest it has ever been, and our adversaries are closing the technological gap on us quickly, which tells me we have to modernize. We need to both be ready and we need to modernize.    Now, in terms of readiness, we will be funding flying hours to their maximum executable level, we will invest in weapons system sustainment and ensure combat exercises like the Red Flag and the Green Flag remain strong.    Now, after consulting with the combatant commanders, General Welsh and I agree that we are going to make some needed adjustments to address some of the world changes that I mentioned earlier. For example, we are now proposing to rephase the retirement of the A-10 and the Compass Call aircraft. And the bottom line here is we are not proposing to retire any of these aircraft in fiscal year 2017.    We do believe that we will need to divest these weapons systems in the future, but this change of this year will maintain sufficient number of fighter and electronic attack aircraft across the force in support of current operations. And then the rephase that I mentioned will allow us to better align retirements of the older aircraft as we phase in the newer F-35.    Furthermore, we are going to continue to examine this plan on a year-by-year basis and modify, if necessary, according to the global security situation.    Now, in conjunction with ensuring the right number and mix of the manned aircraft, we also need the right number of remotely piloted aircraft and the very important munitions. It is no secret that ISR is the number-one combatant commander desire for additional Air Force capability. And to that end, thank you, thank you, thank you, especially to this committee, for the $500 million in the department-wide funding that we received last year to fund increased ISR capability.    Believe me, we are working big-time with Office Secretary of Defense (OSD) to get as much of that for the Air Force and the ISR capabilities that we provide as we possibly can for things like: the government-owned, contractor-operated MQ-9 lines and the RQ-170 and ISR communications architecture, improved targeting analysis, and we would like some additional money for man-days for our National Guardsmen who we are bringing on to help us in the ISR world. So these are all the areas that we are hoping to receive funding for, and we thank you for that funding.    Additionally, we have 24 MQ-9 Reapers in the budget and more money for Joint Direct Attack Munitions (JDAMs) and small-diameter bombs, which are the key munitions being used in the war effort.    Turning to modernization, we have ongoing investments in our top priorities of nuclear deterrence, space, cyberspace. We are continuing to advance on the F-35, the KC-46, the combat rescue helicopter, and the T-X program. That is our next-generation trainer. And we are going to start the Joint Surveillance Target Attack Radar System (JSTARS) recap, as well.    We will also continue to move forward with the B-21, the aircraft formally known as the Long Range Strike Bomber. And Government Accountability Office's (GAO)'s recent decision, I think, highlighted that we did follow a deliberate, disciplined, and impartial process to determine the best value for the warfighter and the taxpayer.    But, most important of all, what I want everybody to understand about the B-21 is that we really, really need this capability for our country. It will be the future lynchpin of our bomber force. It will be enormously helpful in that anti-access, area-denial type of an environment that we view in the future, and it will be important for both conventional and nuclear purposes.    Now, all that is modernization, but this is where we had to make some tough choices. So we had to defer some F-35s. We had to defer the purchase of some C-130Js. We have to delay upgrades to improve some of our fourth-generation capabilities. And, of course, many, many, many needed infrastructure projects for our basing structure are simply going to have to wait. And we would renew our call once again for your help in authorizing a Base Realignment and Closure (BRAC) in fiscal year 2019.    A few points on space launch. Point one, I want to affirm to all of you that we are moving as quickly as we can to eliminate use of the RD-180 engine. The target, as you know, is 2019. This is ambitious, but we are doing it and we are working it hard.    Point two, we are moving toward a domestic solution for rocket propulsion systems using full and open competition, which is exactly what the law asked us to do and just as we did with the B-21. And we have now obligated all 220 million of the dollars that Congress appropriated in 2015 for this purpose.    And point number three and finally, we do need reasonable flexibility to access RD-180s over the next few years until such time as the new engine is developed--that is important--but also integrated into a system and certified. So we need to develop it, we need to integrate it, and we need to certify it. And having just a little bit more flexibility with a few more RD-180s, we think, is important to maintain the competition that we have all wanted for years. A total of 18 is our request.    The last priority is make every dollar count. This is the efficiencies. And we have a number of things going on here, including streamline energy usage, we are implementing ideas from our airmen, and we are continuing the march toward auditability.    As I wrap, Mr. Chairman, I want to thank you very much for your leadership and the others on the committee for the Bipartisan Budget Act--much, much needed stability, predictability, and we are grateful for that.    While we are appreciative, however, we do worry about the return of sequestration in fiscal year 2018. We ask you, please, do your very best to get that lifted permanently. Because if we were to return to sequestration, remember, we parked jets, we furloughed people, we took all sorts of actions that delayed our return to full-spectrum readiness.    So, again, thank you so much for your support of our Air Force, and we look forward to your questions.    Ms. James. So I would say, Congressman Womack, when it comes to the first part of your question, in terms of do we foresee ISR growth, yes, we do.    We have ISR growth already embedded in our budget now. And based on, as the Chief referenced, the Culture and Process Improvement Program (CPIP), that action that the air combatant commander took where he asked many of the airmen for their suggestions, it became very clear really to him and to all of us that we needed more growth.    So I expect that there will be more growth that is coming out of the next Program Objective Memorandum (POM) that we do. So there is what you see before you in the 5-year plan, but by the time we lay out next year's 5-year defense plan I wouldn't be at all surprised to see more growth.    In terms of when will capacity catch up with demand, I don't want to sound flip, but I think the answer is probably never, because as we continue to grow, the demand just keeps going up, up, up.    Now, we do have what we call our get-well plan in order to have a proper quality of life, a proper pace of life, and the right number of Airmen who are in sync with doing a certain number of caps. So that plan we will catch up within the next year, year and a half or so, if I am not mistaken. But every time I speak to a combatant commander, they want more. And, indeed, that has been our history. Every time we thought we knew what the requirement was, the requirement has gone up.    And I, furthermore, think that more stateside basing is something that we absolutely should look at.    General Welsh. I agree with the boss. I think the growth in the RPA community will be two different types: short-term and long-term.    The short-term growth will be more demand for what we have today. We hear that routinely. The Department has tried to stabilize the requirement at 90 lines. The Air Force will be responsible for 70 of those; 60 will be blue-suit; 10 of them will be government-owned, contractor-operated. And they will do ISR only. They won't do anything else. And the others will come from the Army and from others and other Government Owned Contractor Operated (GOCO) operations run by the Department.    So that is going to be the requirement going forward. Will it stay there? Probably not. I remember it was 21 caps in 2008, and it hasn't stayed there very well.    The thing we have to think about, though, if it goes up dramatically is more people. It is manpower. The biggest restriction we will have won't be money or the ability to buy the platforms; it is finding the people and increasing our top line to afford 10,000 or 20,000 or 30,000 more people to do this enterprise.    We have built this enterprise out of nothing over the last 10 years, 12 years, and it now has 7,000 active duty and 14,000 Total Force personnel. We did it at the same time we were drawing down the Air Force overall 50,000 people. So to the rest of the service, it was a 57,000-person cut.    So everything else is thinned out. We needed to build this enterprise, but if we keep building it, we are just taking muscle out of every other mission area to do it now. There is no place else to go, which is why we had to go to modernization this year in the budget. We couldn't take more people.    Ms. James. So I will start maybe. And, Chief, you jump in, as well.    First of all, when it comes to the Arctic, I agree with you, it is very important. And we do, of course, have a Department of Defense (DOD) strategy which feeds into the national strategy on the Arctic.    And for the Air Force, of course, our focus in all of this is access in air and space as well as early warning, being able to conduct ISR, and providing communications. In the near term, very focused on Air Force support to civil authorities and other agencies that are doing a wide range of activities.    In terms of climate change, that is a big deal, too. And recent Quadrennial Defense Reviews (QDRs) have recognized climate change as an emerging threat and condition that we have to really pay attention to in our national security. And combatant commanders, of course, have to react and deal with emerging threats as they present.    I do not have at my fingertips--but perhaps you do--the exact impacts in Alaska.    General Welsh. Ma'am, there are a couple of facilities that have been affected. We have one radar site--and I am blanking on the name. I apologize. I can get it for you. I am just not thinking of it right now.    Ms. James. I would begin by saying I do think there are very credible threats to our space assets. And you know it, Congressman Ruppersberger; a lot of America does not realize how important space is to both military and to the civilian way of life, but it is crucial.    And there are credible threats out there. That is precisely why we are putting so much focus on it. We have shifted on the order of $5.5 billion toward, as you call it, sort of deterrent aspects, protecting our constellation.    And we are also, very, very importantly, undergoing a culture change. When in the past perhaps we looked at satellite operations as an operations aspect, now we are looking at it much more as a--just as we look at other domains. We are doing war-gaming, we are doing experimentation, we are actively thinking about, if this happens, then how do we protect and fight the constellation. That is a culture change for our Airmen, as well.    And then sequestration, I couldn't agree with you more. It is a bad law. It will have impacts if it goes through again in every part of our Air Force, including space.    Ms. James. I will begin by saying I think a right-size Air Force has to be bigger than the Air Force of today, which is why we are building up minimally to that 317,000 number I referenced on our Active Duty side.    But I am prepared, if we can get the right talent in, to go beyond that. Under law, the Secretary of the service has up to 2 percent authorization to exceed end strength in any given year. And so that is what I meant when I said, if we can get the right talent, I would use that authority, and we may have to come back and ask for your assistance at the appropriate time with a reprogramming.    I think, similarly, we could use some additional end strength in the Reserve components, National Guard and Reserve. And, once again, I would judiciously use that authority if we get the right talent into our force.    I think, you know, ultimately, 321,000, particularly on the Active Duty side, is a number that we have validated, we have talked about it in the past, so I would use that as a target. But then we look at the ISR discussion that we just had and needing to build that up. Those numbers are not fully in the 321,000. So it may actually be higher than that.    But my point is the bottom line is we can't go any lower, and we have to continue the steady state of modestly building up to fill holes, important capabilities like ISR. And it must be on a total force basis. We thank the gentleman, Mr. Womack. We like to think, you know, we are big total force supporters, and we are.    Ms. James. We are constantly looking at retention incentives, retention approaches. Specifically when we are talking about women, the Chief and I rolled out a series of initiatives some time ago to either help recruit or retain or, in some cases, develop some of our fantastic women minorities and, you know, white males, for that matter. We want better retention across the board.    So the maternity leave is one aspect. There are other aspects, as well. But you are quite right; when we lose highly trained, very capable people, it is not a good day for the Air Force. And so we want to keep them.    And, again, keeping them might mean keeping them in the Guard and Reserve. If they are on the team, they are on the team. But we want to retain.    Ms. James. No, no, I really do not. I think the Chief covered it.    Ms. James. So I would begin by saying the start date on this has changed over time for at least two or three reasons. So the two that really leap to mind: The Air Force slowed it down at one point because I think it was the judgment of our service acquisition executive and some others that the laydown of the strategy wasn't quite ready at that point, that it was too ambitious, that if we were going to do it we wanted to do it right, and we needed a little bit more time to think it through. So that was one aspect.    Another aspect is there has been a debate, which has now been settled, by the way, but there has been a debate within the Department of Defense with respect to, you know, requirements and could this capability be done by an unmanned platform and is it really ISR or is it battle management or is it both. So there was a debate sort of surrounding requirements that we had to work through, which is now settled, as I said, which allows us to move forward.    So I just want to say to you we are very committed to the program. It is an important part of our future. We are going to get going with it. I would love to speed it up if at all possible, and we will be looking to see can we do that.    It is a little bit more challenging, though, than taking an existing platform and putting existing radars. It is a little bit more challenging than that because it requires the integration of these things together in new ways. So it is not quite that simple.    But believe me, we do want to go as quickly as we can because it is an important program for us.    Ms. James. So right now we are in what we call technology maturation and risk reduction. There are three different companies that are participating in this. And this is to buy down the risk associated with some of the radars.    So the amount of money that we requested this year very much goes with that increment of the program. So you have to get that part done before you start spending money on the other increments of the program.    So it is certainly my hope and I am going to be working as hard as I know how to work to keep it on track according to this schedule from here on out, with the caveat that these are development programs, integration can be a challenging aspect, and you just don't know what you do not know. So it is development, and that is why I would caveat it.    Ms. James. That is right.    General Welsh. Congressman, there is no bigger proponent for this program than me. It is in the budget. It is funded all the way through initial operational capability (IOC). 2024 is the plan. We would like to pull it back to 2023 for IOC, which means we should be delivering airplanes into 2021 or 2022 at the latest.    And we think we are past all the resistance. We think we are past the tech maturation problems. We think, this year, the reason for the lower amount was so that companies could actually do this work. It has to do with integrating a radar, which there were some problems with. And that is why I think our Senior Acquisition Executive (SA) made a wise choice to just take a deep breath for a year, let's get this right, and then we will kick the program off and go.    I think we are on track. Unless somebody else jumps up and tries to stop it, I think we now have a plan, it is funded, and we are ready to roll.    Ms. James. You just gave a great summary, Mr. Calvert, of the complexity of space. And there are probably 10 other factors that I could throw into the mix that you just said. It is a very complex thing.    I always try to go back to basics as I try to think through all of these complexities. The basics are we have three mandates. We want assured access to space, and that is the one that we care most about. We want to get off the RD-180 as soon as possible, and we are shooting to have that development done by fiscal year 2019. And we want competition.    I think the conundrum is we are increasingly looking like we can not have all three of those because we are boxed in in such a way that something is going to have to give. So it remains to be seen what, but let me, if I may, tell you our strategy.    Because the Commercial Space Act says that we buy, in this country, launch as a service--in other words, we do not buy an engine and we do not buy a rocket; we buy launch as a service--that is why we are trying to invest in rocket propulsion systems that relate to launch as a service.    And so, as I mention, we have just awarded, in a full and open competition way, moneys that you all appropriated that provide different companies that have the capacity possibly to take us into space ways to help their rocket propulsion systems do that. And Aerojet is one of companies, but there are others that also won some of these moneys in the competition as well.    The reason I said why flexibility and some additional, like, nine new RD-180s would give us what we think is reasonable flexibility, it allows us to compete. If we don't have more, there may not be a competition.    Ms. James. Then we may not have the competition aspect. That is why I say we have three mandates; we may have to give up on one. We may have to look for another mechanism to assure us the access to space.    Ms. James. There are eight types of launches, and right now, today, SpaceX is capable of doing four of the eight.are talking about here? This Monday, didn't you announce that you will spend a certain amount this year and up to $530 million for Aerojet?    Ms. James. Yes. So------    Ms. James. That is correct.    Ms. James. That is right.    Ms. James. Would you like me to do it now, Mr. Chairman?    Ms. James. Okay. So what we have announced $115 million for Aerojet Rocketdyne, which assuming our options are exercised, would go up to $536 million over the next few years. And then there is--that is what it is for Aerojet. And I could go through each of the companies. But the main point I wanted to make is we have now obligated all $220 million that you have given us for fiscal year 2015, to just show the urgency, that we are getting on with this. And these are all different companies that can help us get to space in a full and open competitive way.    But the main point is the competition. We were trying to preserve the competition for the next few years. And that is where, if we can get the additional RD-180s, we can assure that competition.    Ms. James. The technical experts--put the companies aside for just a moment. If I look at the--sort of the technical experts in the government, they say 2019 for the development of a new engine is ambitious. We are moving toward it. It has not been done before in history. It is ambitious. But that is our objective. That is what the law says, and that is what we are moving toward. But the development of the engine is not integrated on a rocket, and it is not certified. So there are other pieces to this that must also be accomplished. And to get all of that done, we certainly believe it is beyond 2019.    Ms. James. Well, I would just begin by, you essentially did a great job of explaining the dangers. We could have a capability gap. The JSTARS of today are, on average, I believe, 47 years old. They have a lot of down time. There is a lot of maintenance issues. And yet they are very much needed by the combatant commanders. So the longer this takes, the more the risk that we would have that capability gap.    Just a couple other data points on the current schedule. We do expect a milestone B for the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2017. The Chief already said the IOC is in fiscal year 2024. But there is some possibility we could move that up a year or two. I believe--I do not believe more money this year would help. But let me go back and double-check that. I do believe more money in the out-years would allow us to speed up and possibly achieve that one- or two-year improvement that the Chief talked about. But please allow me to go back and double-check that dollar issue.    Ms. James. Well, first, if I could begin by saying, I, of course, have been to our depots. Very, very proud of the work that is going on. Fantastic accomplishments for this very important area of sustainment. I would also tell you that we are continuing to invest in such things as tooling, and the various types of equipment that are required in the depots for both our new systems like the F-35, the KC-46 that are coming on. But also, for our existing systems, the existing aircraft, the nuclear mission, et cetera, et cetera. So I think we are doing a pretty good job of investing in that sort of equipment.    Two concerns I would, you know, give you is that--and this is a concern across the board I mentioned at my opening statement: infrastructure, so keeping up the roads, keeping up the buildings. So for the depots, I am worried about infrastructure. But you know what? I am worried about that across the whole Air Force. So that is one thing.    And then civilian hiring is another thing. So the depots are, of course, largely civilian employees. And when you combine the effects of sequestration a few years ago and that set us behind in terms of the workload, the hiring, that got us all messed up. You have got Office of Personnel Management (OPM) rules, which are a constraining factor for us. Security clearances that are, you know, long to come through. All of this is a concern. So I would say civilian hiring and infrastructure would be the two concerns.    Ms. James. Thank you.    Ms. James. No. I think that all----    Secretary James. That all makes good sense to me.    Ms. James. If we did not have them----    Ms. James. Right. It is a national security issue. And if we did not have them at all, then we would rely on SpaceX to the extent that we could. We would have to shift to the much more expensive Delta alternative and pay whatever the cost is that we would have to pay. So it is theoretically possible, but without RD-180s at all, it is a lot of new complexity. And I don't see how we would have the competition, perhaps, that we have all hoped for and envisioned, because there would be no way Delta would ever be competitive with SpaceX.    Ms. James. Well, I will begin. And, Chief, please do jump in. So I will say there is the Principal Defense Space Advisor, and that would be me. And I am the principal one when it comes to looking across budgets and organizational constructs, and at least being a single voice to be able to advise our top leaders.    And then there is strategic command, which is the operational warfighters. So this would be Admiral Haney. And under him, General Hyten would be the Air Force space component of space command. So these are the warfighters who are focusing on changing the culture, who are focused on the--what we call the Joint Space Operations Center (JICSpOC) which, for the first time, we are going to be sitting aside--but we are sitting now side by side with the National Reconnaissance Office (NRO), which are our top space partners, I will say, figuring out ways that if things should go poorly on Earth, how do we defend the constellation, how do we war game that out and so on.    So that is kind of from the warfighters' perspective. I would say Admiral Haney is at the top of that, and then of course, there is our General Hyten as the Air Force component commander.    Ms. James. So we work very closely together. And of course, I do not do anything without General Welsh as well. And ultimately, we are making our recommendations up to the Deputy, the Secretary of Defense, and even to the President. So that is the high level attention that space receives these days. But we work very closely together, and there have not been, you know, disputes about, you know, him thinking one thing and me thinking another thing. We work very, very closely together.    Ms. James. We think we are adequately funded in fiscal year 2017. So this goes to some of the additional investments that we have been making over time.    Ms. James. Well, there is no question that we, and I believe the other services, face a bow wave beyond our 5-year defense plan. So we all have an imperative to be ready, to have the right number of people, and to be modern. And somehow, under sequestration projections, in particular, it is not all going to add up. So there is going to have to be a--decisions made as a United States of America, what kind of a military do we want to have? And if we want to be able to live with that lesser dollar figure, then there is going to have to be decisions on what has to be given up. I think we need it all. I think we need these nuclear modernization programs, as well as the other modernization programs, as well as the people and the readiness.    So I don't have a good suggestion for you on how--what to cut because I think we need it all. And I hope that a future debate of the country would agree, given the threats that the chairman and you and others have talked about around the world.    Ms. James. Well, I want to begin by explaining that we do have about $4 billion in our budget for the totality of cyber. And so that includes the IT backbone. It includes our defense. And it also includes efforts to use cyber as a substitute for kinetic operations. So those are the three main components.    We have been trying over time to focus more on the defense and on the substituting cyber for kinetic piece of the equation. And so that is where some of the risk has come into play for the IT backbone. With that said, our Under Secretary of the Air Force is leading an effort right now to look at ways that we can maybe leverage the private sector differently to plug in more on the IT backbone to allow us to continue to shift the focus to defense and to the substitution on the kinetics part of it. I also want to say that we have been, I think, leaders in the Department of Defense on another element known as the joint information environment, the joint information network. And that also will mitigate our future cyber risks.    Ms. James. I never sleep well at night, Congressman.    Ms. James. Yes, thank you.    Ms. James. So first on the issue of can we use the commercial companies more in our satellite communications realm, I think the answer is absolutely. And we are trying to move in that direction. I think our future will never be completely commercial. I think it will be a mix. But I think over time, we absolutely ought to and can get to more commercial participation in that.    And indeed, right now, we are running several path finders. Think of those as pilot programs where we are working with industry on some creative new efforts that could lead us down that path, such as trading hardware use for bandwidth elsewhere in our constellation.    So we are working on this. And I think the future with commercial could help us save money. It could provide more flexibility. It could also give us more resiliency in our constellation. So I think there is a lot of potential there.    Then when it comes to a BRAC, we very much need another round of base closures and realignment. I think our estimate at this point, because it is not a full-up analysis, but it is our best estimate, is more like 30 percent excess capacity--30 percent excess capacity. And the impact of not having a base closure means we are having to maintain more structure than we think we need. And you heard me say I am worried about infrastructure across the Air Force. We have an ever-shrinking pot of money for infrastructure improvement, and we are spreading it out way, way thin. And if we could reduce that overall footprint of infrastructure, we would have more money to keep up and improve the facilities that we really need going forward. So we very much do need a base closure going forward.    Ms. James. So we recently, like a couple of days ago, completed the final two awards out of four to invest in rocket propulsion systems. So one of those awards was to Aerojet Rocketdyne. And, indeed, they did get the most money of any of the other awardees. So more money, I am sure, would be welcomed by the company. But in a full and open competition environment, and, remember, that is what the law told us to do, was to invest in rocket propulsion systems in a full and open way, Aerojet Rocketdyne did get a pretty good award just a few days ago. So we believe, as the government, that we are on track to develop an engine replacement for the Russian engine by 2019. But I caveat, that is ambitious. The technical experts say it is very ambitious. But we are pulling out the stops to do it, as are the various companies who are participating.    Beyond 2019 and the development of that engine, assuming all goes well, we still need to integrate it into a rocket, and it must be certified. And only until those three things are complete will it take us to space. So an engine alone, of course, will not take us to space. We need the total capability, and we think that will be a bit beyond 2019.    Ms. James. Well, as far as I know, but please allow me to go back and double-check, we are sort of very much integrated and watching very closely the development in terms of how these projects are going. Now, the prime, in this case, United Launch Alliance (ULA), that is the manufacturer, obviously, who has got to select an engine to go forward--you know, there are two possibilities. They consider the BE4 to be the front runner with the AR1 to be the backup. That is their decision, based on where they believe they are in the timelines. And we have people who are watching this very closely as well. So I believe we are already fulfilling that intent. But please allow me to go back and double-check that.    Ms. James. I am afraid I do not have a good answer for that one, and I will have to come back here for record, if I might.    Ms. James. SpaceX is currently certified for four of the eight launches.    Ms. James. There is one other company at the moment which has submitted a statement of interest to get certified. So that is a possible third. And so we continue to monitor and work with companies as they wish to possibly enter this market.    Ms. James. Well, the incentive that the companies tend to look at is they look at the totality of the market of which, you know, our piece, the national security launches, is a piece of that market. But there is another market worldwide. And, so, that is what they tend to look at. They look at the totality of it. And as I said, we have two now that are certainly active participants.    I mentioned earlier I believe in the competition too. And that is what the law says to do. But I worry that if you don't have two that truly are competitive from a cost-competitive standpoint, you are not going to have much of a competition.    Ms. James. Okay. Thank you.    Ms. James. As far as I understood it, it was mostly on the government to determine when these things would launch. And, of course, the government does it partly based on need and it is partly budgeting. There is a variety of factors. I wasn't aware that the companies were a reason for the holdup. But----    Ms. James. I would begin, Mr. Visclosky, by pointing out that these are not really new programs and new capabilities, I should say. These are capabilities that we have had. And, of course, now, we are focusing on modernizing them in order to continue to deter adversaries and assure our allies.    And the other point I wanted to make is that both of these, of course, relate to validated requirements that come from STRATCOM through the joint staff, and eventually come to the services, in this case, the Air Force, to fulfill. In the case of the Long-Range Standoff missile (LRSO), that is the follow-on missile to replace the aging nuclear Air Launched Cruise Missile, and it is designed to be the nuclear standoff capability with improved capability. And then the B61/12, similarly, is the follow-on program to replace several legacy versions of the B61 weapon which are in need of modernization.    Ms. James. Well, we have worked very hard on it. We have shifted dollars. We have shifted manpower. We have redone over time the way we train our nuclear forces. We are providing more professional development opportunities for the people who are engaged in this important mission. There is new financial incentives. So we really have focused a lot of attention on people, readiness, and modernization of the force. And I think it is very important that we keep the momentum going, that we keep double-checking and seeing how we are doing. But I agree. I think we have made progress, very good progress.    Ms. James. So if I may come back to you with a complete answer, but give you the best answer I can give you right now, one of the reasons why when we had in front of us the last NDAA, which said invest in rocket propulsions systems, do it by 2019, full and open competition, one of the reasons why we chose the OTA, other transaction authority approach, was because we could tailor it, it was flexible enough that we could work with different companies who have different pathways that they are looking to build to get us to space, and give us some access to data, like intellectual property data. It does not mean we own it, but it gives us access to that data such that we can convince ourselves that this will, in fact, be ultimately a reliable pathway for us.    So because we do launch as a service, we do not own the components, that is why we do not have the direct intellectual property. But the key is to get access to the data, and that is one of the reasons why we selected this OTA approach. So that is the beginning, but if I may come back to you with a more complete----    Ms. James. I think we need Betty's opinion on this one. Yeah. OCX is still a very big challenge for our Air Force. It is a very important capability. This is the ground stations for our GPS, and it still is very much a troubled program. We were faced not long on--when I say ``we,'' I mean we, the Air Force, and we, OSD, with some serious questions to answer, how are we going to go forward? Were we going to go forward at all? What if we cancelled? What if we did this? What if we did that?    At the end of the day, we said we have got to have this capability, and we are going to have to keep with this approach a bit longer. But between Frank Kendall and me and our teams, we are going to provide, like, a lot more oversight. We are going to have going forward more off ramps for the contractors. So that is to say, if you don't get this done by time certain, that is an off ramp. And you may face cancellation even. So there is going to be a lot more of that going on because it is a capability that we really need for the future. But it is a troubled program.