    Mr. Meeks. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank you, Ms. Wahl, for your push back.    I just, on this subject, will say that I think you are right in the sense that I wouldn't have any problem with RT if there were other media outlets in Russia, you know, various perspectives and that is what, you know, I think is tremendously different in the United States.    You know, we have--you know, I listen to Fox, as you said, and I think that is propaganda and the other side listens to     But at least you have two or three and you have other alternatives of which you can listen to so that you can then make your determination as to where and what is--you know, where you are for.    Whereas, from where I am understanding, there is no government-ran institution. RT seems to be financed exclusively by the government which means that they can exclude anything that does not favor the government.    We would have a tremendous problem here if in fact, for example, you know, what we have dialogue right now, whatever side, whoever is the President of the United States. If Barack Obama was able to just put out his side without anything else, you know, we would be up in arms in this country.    I know when George Bush was President if the paper just only put out George Bush's side I would have had a big problem. The fact of the matter is you can have the argument on both sides.    You can't go after the press and, you know, and I don't like some of the things that the press writes but they have the right to write it based upon our Constitution and I think that is a major difference.    So for me, as opposed to focusing on because they, Russia, and how they run is different than what we do in the United States and I understand that CNN, for example, international can play inside of Russia but it is not in the Russian language so it is only in English so therefore people don't understand that.    So my then concern will then go to what takes place outside of Russia, I think, is where Mr. Engel was going as far as the influence so that other areas can have equitable opportunity to listen to all sides.    Russian TV is there, can we--do we have other, whether it is local television from, you know, maybe in Moldova or in Georgia where they are countering or have more freedom to say what the other side is.    Do we have America--what can we do to make sure that that choice that I am talking about that we have in America, particularly within the European countries, that we have--that they have the choice and are not listening to one thing but multiple things.    And I am not saying cut out Russia or RT. I am saying make sure they have all of the evidence so that they can then make a determination of what they believe or don't believe as we do here.    Mr. Meeks. That is correct.