    Mrs. Lummis. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank you for setting up the tone of this committee today. We have with us Mr. Antonio Weiss, Counselor of the Secretary of the Treasury. He will share with us the U.S. Department of the Treasury's analysis of the situation in Puerto Rico.    We hope, Mr. Weiss, that you can help the committee as we continue to work toward legislation to advance good governance, as well as fiscal transparency and accountability. I hope you will also have some ideas about how we can improve the economy of those living in Puerto Rico. We welcome continuing that discussion, even some of those ideas that are not specifically within the jurisdiction of the Natural Resources Committee.    We very much appreciate your being with us here today. We look forward to hearing from you and the other Members as we try to bring some clarity toward this issue, and bring a solution about that is good for the people of Puerto Rico and the United States.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman, I yield back.Washington, DC.    All I am saying is, if the people of Puerto Rico are going to have energy and they can harness their wind, they can harness their sun, why don't we talk about those kinds of--see, then, as I have spoken to the people of Puerto Rico, they feel that there is a balance. They are saying there is a joint responsibility, but it seems to me that all of the responsibility seems to be weighed on the people of Puerto Rico. I think that that is an unfair development. Let's listen to them. Thank you so much.    Mrs. Lummis . The gentleman's time has expired. The Chair recognizes Mr. Hardy.    Mrs. Lummis. Well, I want to thank you for your ideas on oversight and orderly restructuring. I believe in the short term that is an essential component to moving forward. If we could sort of marry the short-term idea of oversight and orderly restructuring with some of the other longer term ideas that were expressed by members of this committee, I think that Puerto Rico will not only survive this, but thrive this. Thank you very much for working with our committee.    Mr. Chairman, thank you for holding this hearing. I yield back the balance of my time.