    Mr. Jordan. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Esquea, under ObamaCare, how many CO-OPs were recognized by CMS and DHS?    Mr. Jordan. And how much money did those 23 CO-OPs receive from taxpayers?    Mr. Jordan. How many of those 23 CO-OPs are still in operation?    Mr. Jordan. Which said another way, 12 of them have already failed, right, within the first year. Correct?    Mr. Jordan. And how many of the remaining 11 are under some kind of corrective action plan?    Mr. Jordan. Eight of the 11. And of the 12 that failed, most of those were under a corrective action plan before they failed. Correct?    Mr. Jordan. And of the ones that are left, the 11 that are operating, 8 of which are under corrective action plans, how many of those do you think are going to fail?    Mr. Jordan. But I'm asking your opinion, as the guy who is Assistant Secretary of DHS, what you think is going to happen, based on experience? I got my theories, but I'm wondering what you think.    Mr. Jordan. ``Hopeful'' is probably an understatement, wouldn't you say, Mr. Esquea, based on the history?    Mr. Jordan. So if you're hopeful, are you seeing something that we're not seeing because we have asked you for--and back to the focus of this hearing and what the chairman talked about in his questioning--we have asked you for a number of pieces of information that you haven't given us? So maybe you've seen something that we haven't that makes you hopeful, because we're not hopeful, but we would at least like to see the information that you have so we can make a better determination on if, in fact, the 11 that are remaining, 8 under corrective action plans, are actually going to be in existence much longer.    Mr. Jordan. I don't want to hear the numbers. And I appreciate that, and I apologize for cutting you off, but we'll get thousands of this and thousands of that.    Mr. Jordan. Let me just, two letters, one in November and one in December, asking for specific pieces of information; a subpoena asking for specific information; one hearing already where we asked for information and still have yet to received it; and as you point out, two in-camera reviews, which I find strange. Why can't we just get the information? Why do we have to have an in-camera review? So let me ask you this. Eight of the plans that are still functioning are on corrective action plans. We have asked for the materials related to what exactly is involved in the corrective action plan. You've not given us that. And maybe even more importantly, we have asked which of these remaining 11 have had site visits? Can you tell me the answer to that? How many have had a site visit?    Mr. Jordan. This, I guess, kind of cuts to the heart of it. There are only 11 of these things still operating, and you can't even tell me which of those 11 you went out to visit. That's a simple question, and that's one of the things we asked for in the two letters, one of the things we have asked for in the subpoena. Why can't you just tell us, ``We visited these 7 of the 11, and here are the ones that we visited?'' Why can't you tell me that?    Mr. Jordan. It takes that long to find out if you've visited any of 11 sites?    Mr. Jordan. That is like call someone up, ``Yeah, we visited,'' whatever. That, to me, seems problematic of this. If you can't even tell us which of the 11 remaining you went to see, it seems to me this would be a priority. If over half have already failed, we have lost over a billion taxpayer dollars, we have got 11 still functioning, 8 of those are under a corrective action plan, you should be able to tell us which ones you went out to visit.    How about recoupment of any Federal funds? Can you tell me the progress on recouping the over a billion dollars that has already been lost to the taxpayer?    Mr. Jordan. Why does it have to be in-camera review? Why can't you just get the information to the chairman and to the committee and, more importantly, to the American taxpayer?    Mr. Jordan. To me, that is almost laughable. Over half have already failed. We know the other 11 are going to fail. What market sensitivity is there? This thing is a complete and total failure, and somehow to hide behind that and say you have to come review it in camera--and my understanding is when staff reviewed it in camera, again, it wasn't responsive to the subpoena and the letters that we had sent.    One other thing here, Mr. Chairman, and I'll be done.    ``I will work to ensure the office continues to focus on providing Members the technical assistance they need on legislative priorities, answering oversight requests, and ensuring that Members have the information necessary to meet the needs of their constituents...accurate information available...that is presented in a manner that is useful. The only way information is of any use to Members and policymakers is if it is timely delivered.''    Didn't you say that Mr. Esquea?    Mr. Jordan. Well, and it was well-said. That's all we're asking is for you and DHS to live up to what you said when the United States Senate confirmed you for the position you hold. And specifically about a CO-OP program that is a complete failure, at least tell us what's happening with the recoupment of taxpayer dollars and what's happening with the site visits to the 11 remaining CO-OPs.    And, with that, I yield back.