    Chairman Luetkemeyer. The Subcommittee on Housing and Insurance will come to order. Without objection, the Chair is authorized to declare a recess of the subcommittee at any time.    Today's hearing is entitled, ``The Future of Housing in America: Oversight of the Rural Housing Service.''    Before I begin, I would like to thank the witnesses for appearing before the subcommittee today. I look forward to your testimony.    I realize that we don't have--there are only two clocks here that tell time for the witnesses and/or the rest of the members of the subcommittee. We will try and give you a little heads-up whenever we get down to the 30-second mark. But as everybody knows, you have 5 minutes to ask your questions. And at that point, we will try to be a little bit liberal because of the lack of clock time to actually know when you are going to be gaveled out. But as far as that goes, our witnesses are here today and we certainly welcome them.    I would like to recognize myself for 3 minutes to give an opening statement.    Like many of my colleagues, I represent a rural area. My hometown has 336 people. It is a place where it takes several jobs to make a living, and where the incredible benefits of living in rural America far outweigh the challenges.    These aren't areas that easily attract major construction projects or real estate investors. There is limited housing, particularly for those in need of affordable rental housing. That is why the mission of the Rural Housing Service (RHS) is important. That is also why this subcommittee will dedicate time today and in the future to examine the objectives, successes, and opportunities for improvement of RHS.    Last week, I met with a REALTOR from Miller County, Missouri. The bulk of her business is with RHS. This isn't a REALTOR making a living off of million dollar home sales. This is someone who has spent her adult life in my community and has focused solely on helping qualified borrowers in Miller County get into a home they can afford and have the opportunity to live the America Dream.    It sounds like the process of dealing with RHS can be a big nightmare. There is little to no continuity across government programs, and there seems to be a significant lack of flexibility for RHS customers. Its systems are outdated and incredibly inefficient. The real estate agent from Miller County tells each of her customers to photocopy and file every check sent to RHS because RHS loses, in her experience, an average of at least one mortgage check a year per household.    It is 2015, and we have a program that operates like it is 1975. A status quo isn't acceptable. Rural Americans deserve more. RHS should heed suggestions immediately by GAO and increase interagency collaboration and consider consolidation where appropriate. It is incumbent upon this committee to ensure that RHS is also appropriately managing risk.    RHS oversees a $120 billion portfolio in direct loans and loan guarantees, but doesn't have a chief risk officer or modern underwriting systems in place. That is why GAO is currently studying the RHS risk management practices in addition to specific housing assistance programs and duplication of Federal housing programs.    Today's hearing will allow those concerned with the future of housing--members of this committee, and people across rural America--to better understand the challenges facing rural housing and the opportunities to improve a system plagued with inefficiencies. We continue to see throughout the Nation an overwhelming need for affordable housing, and we need to ensure that RHS is doing everything in its power to fill that need.    I want to thank the witnesses for appearing today. We look forward to your testimony.    The Chair now recognizes the ranking member of the subcommittee, the gentleman from Missouri, my colleague and friend, Mr. Cleaver, for 5 minutes for an opening statement.    Chairman Luetkemeyer. I thank the gentleman.    We will now turn to our witnesses. Today, we welcome the testimony of Mr. Tony Hernandez, the Administrator of the Rural Housing Service at the U.S. Department of Agriculture; and Mr. Mathew Scire, the Director of Financial Markets and Community Investment at the the U.S. Government Accountability Office.    Each of you are recognized for 5 minutes to give an oral presentation of your testimony. And without objection, each of your written statements will be made a part of the record.    Mr. Hernandez, we will start with you. You are recognized for 5 minutes. Welcome.    Chairman Luetkemeyer. Thank you, Mr. Hernandez.    Mr. Scire, you are now recognized for 5 minutes. Welcome.    Chairman Luetkemeyer. Thank you, gentlemen. I will now recognize myself for 5 minutes for questions. Let me start with Mr. Hernandez.    Mr. Hernandez, Mr. Scire has indicated--and we have discussed a little bit ourselves--that with regard to some of the duplicative overlapping with other agencies, one of the problems with that is the cost to continue to have those programs be available and then overlap and what have you.    So with HUD having such a large portfolio and overlapping in so many of the areas--I think the data from Mr. Scire's testimony showed that in 2009, 74 percent of HUD borrowers also met the same eligibility for the RHS Single Family Guarantee Program. If that is the case, make the case for why we need to continue with RHS?    Chairman Luetkemeyer. Okay. Let me interrupt there. I understand that part. Why is HUD encroaching on your area? Should we back them off?    Chairman Luetkemeyer. Okay. I would love to hear it.    Chairman Luetkemeyer. My point though, Mr. Hernandez, was that 2009 data show that 74 percent of HUD borrowers also met your eligibility requirements.    Mr. Scire, can you give me an explanation of that comment?    Chairman Luetkemeyer. Okay. So Mr. Hernandez says there is a niche for RHS. Would you agree with that, then?    Chairman Luetkemeyer. Okay. I only have a minute left. So let me switch gears a little bit to the risk management portion of this.    Mr. Scire, you indicate that there are some problems there but the agency is making some progress. Can you elaborate just a little bit?    Chairman Luetkemeyer. Well, if we have a 1.5 percent past due ratio--I believe that is what Mr. Hernandez testified--do we have a problem?    Chairman Luetkemeyer. Let me take a timeout here. Mr. Hernandez, what is your loss ratio?    Chairman Luetkemeyer. 2.2 percent.    Chairman Luetkemeyer. Okay. Just a second. My time is almost up here.    Chairman Luetkemeyer. Is that an acceptable level?    Chairman Luetkemeyer. Okay. My time has expired. Thank you very much.    I now yield 5 minutes to the distinguished--Mr. Kildee first? Okay. We will go with Mr. Kildee, the distinguished gentleman from Michigan, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Luetkemeyer. You would be surprised what I can determine from behind.    Chairman Luetkemeyer. And with that, we go to the gentleman from Virginia, Mr. Hurt.    Chairman Luetkemeyer. Thank you. With that, we will go to the ranking member, the gentleman from Missouri, Mr. Cleaver, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Luetkemeyer. Thank you, Mr. Cleaver.    I now recognize the gentleman from New Mexico, Mr. Pearce, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Luetkemeyer. Thank you. With that, we go to the gentlelady from Ohio, Mrs. Beatty, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Luetkemeyer. Thank you.    With that, we go to the gentleman from Texas, Mr. Williams, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Luetkemeyer. Thank you. With that, we go to the gentleman from Pennsylvania, Mr. Rothfus, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Luetkemeyer. Thank you. I now recognize the ranking member of the full Financial Services Committee, Ms. Waters from California, for 5 minutes.    Ms. Waters. Taking many back my time, Members, there it is. Now, for those of you--I don't have any rural areas. But I have often thought it is not fair that we don't pay the attention that we--I have often wanted us to come together on a good approach to dealing with urban and rural and being fair to both. And you guys are missing out because you have people with imaginations who come in here and tell you they could imagine something, rather than facts.    I yield back the balance of my time.    Chairman Luetkemeyer. Thank you. With that, we go to the gentleman from Kentucky, Mr. Barr, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Luetkemeyer. Thank you. The gentleman from Minnesota, Mr. Ellison, is next for 5 minutes.    Chairman Luetkemeyer. Thank you. That concludes our first round of questioning. I have had a request for a second round. I am going to defer my questions to the end.    And with that, we will go to the ranking member of the subcommittee, Mr. Cleaver, for his questions in the second round.    Chairman Luetkemeyer. With that, we go to the gentleman from Kentucky, Mr. Barr, for a final question.    Chairman Luetkemeyer. The gentleman from Kentucky controls the time.    Chairman Luetkemeyer. Okay. Mr. Pearce has a question.    Chairman Luetkemeyer. Thank you. Let me just wrap up here with a few comments and a couple of questions.    Mr. Hernandez, I have heard from a number of people in the housing industry who use RHS services. They have concerns, and I think it would be beneficial for you to meet with them. Would you be willing to do so?    Chairman Luetkemeyer. Okay. I have some requests, and they are kind of concerned that they haven't been able to meet with you. So if you would be willing to do that, I would certainly pass that on.    Also, I think to Mr. Barr's line of questioning, I don't know that we want to do away with anybody. But I think any time you have--and GAO has eloquently talked about this and documented it. Any time you have a plethora of different programs and policies, some of which--in fact, with HUD they don't even know how many they have and what they have--overlap, there are bound to be some inadequacies, there are probably some holes, and some people are falling through the cracks.    I don't know why it wouldn't be something we shouldn't consider to try to figure out how we can provide a better safety net, a better program, whether it is to consolidate, whether it is to come up with a whole new group. Our job here is to find ways to streamline the process, to find dollars. And you have talked about that.    One of the questions I have is when you talked--somebody alluded to it a while ago too, when you talk about the employees, if you proportion out the employees versus what HUD has, you guys are about double-staffed compared to what they are. Are you looking to try and do away with some of these employees?    Chairman Luetkemeyer. Versus the amount of money that you are overseeing. Let me put it that way.    Chairman Luetkemeyer. No, that is not my question. You have been very good today with going around the answer that we are trying get to and get to your speech.    My question is, are you looking for ways to trim your employee base?    Chairman Luetkemeyer. So you are not looking to provide the same service with fewer employees?    Chairman Luetkemeyer. That is the problem. See, that is the problem, Mr. Hernandez. You are not listening to us.    Chairman Luetkemeyer. We are looking to try to find a way to deliver the same product or a better product with the same number of people, and then for it to be at less cost. And you haven't said--you haven't told us that yet today.    Chairman Luetkemeyer. You just told me, though, you weren't looking to cut people.    Chairman Luetkemeyer. I am looking at ways for people who can be innovative and find ways to reduce your staff to be at the same levels of FHA. That is our--yes, HUD. That is my question. Because--    Chairman Luetkemeyer. Let me ask Mr. Scire.    Mr. Scire, do you understand my question? We seem to have--if you look at the total dollars, $120 billion versus a trillion, the number of employees, 600 versus I think it is 2,400 and something here. It looks like they have about twice as many people as they need compared to the number of dollars that are invested. Is there something inherent in there that is a reason for that?    Chairman Luetkemeyer. Okay. I know that you have a lot of recommendations in your report. Mr. Hernandez, have you read the reports that--    Chairman Luetkemeyer. Are you going to implement some of those recommendations?    Chairman Luetkemeyer. Okay. Mr. Scire, are they working with you?    Chairman Luetkemeyer. Mr. Scire, as someone who has spent some time on the other side as a banker, there are times when recommendations don't fly. But quite frankly, I understand your point of view.    But my question basically is to Mr. Hernandez and to you. Are you guys working together to try and find some ways to--    Chairman Luetkemeyer. --find efficiencies, cut out the waste? Because I understand there is always going to be some parochial interest here. There is not going to be--    Chairman Luetkemeyer. And I think that is what we are trying to do here, to find ways to get rid of the overlap, get rid of the waste, and find ways to use the same amount of dollars more efficiently and effectively.    With that, we have been graced with the presence of the gentleman from Texas, the distinguished Mr. Green, if you would like to ask some questions, or you can make a comment or two, sir.    Chairman Luetkemeyer. It graces you. It looks good on you, sir.    Chairman Luetkemeyer. No, you are fine. You are the new and improved version of Mr. Hurt. How is that?    Chairman Luetkemeyer. Go right ahead.    Chairman Luetkemeyer. Duly noted, sir.    With that, we certainly, again, thank the witnesses for their testimony today. Again, we are on a fact-finding mission here with this committee with regard to what is going on with rural housing. Part of the job of Congress is not just to legislate, but also to provide oversight.    And part of that oversight means we are responsible for looking into the activities of the different branches of government, or in areas where this committee has jurisdiction, making sure things are done properly, making sure that the Department is being a good steward of the taxpayers' dollars, and that the laws and rules are being properly adhered to and administered.    So, again, don't take anything we say out of context. We are just trying to do our job. With that, again, thank you for being here today.    The Chair notes that some Members may have additional questions for this panel, which they may wish to submit in writing. Without objection, the hearing record will remain open for 5 legislative days for Members to submit written questions to these witnesses and to place their responses in the record. Also, without objection, Members will have 5 legislative days to submit extraneous materials to the Chair for inclusion in the record.    With that, this hearing is adjourned.