    Dr. McNally. Thank you.    On behalf of Northwestern University, I'd like to thank Chairwoman Comstock and Ranking Member Lipinski for inviting me here today.    I'm Elizabeth McNally. I'm the Ward Professor of Genetic Medicine, and I direct the Center for Genetic Medicine at Northwestern. I'm a cardiologist and I specialize in providing care for patients and families with inherited forms of heart disease. Over the last decade, we've seen a dramatic increase in available genetic testing and we now routinely provide genetic diagnosis, risk assessment, and importantly, risk reduction for genetic diseases that affect the heart.    Diseases like cystic fibrosis, Duchenne muscular dystrophy, sickle cell anemia are those that are caused by mutations in single genes. The gene editing techniques that we are here discussing offer the opportunity for permanent lifelong treatment of those disorders. With advances in DNA sequencing technology, it is now possible to sequence an individual genome in a day. For less than the cost of an MRI, a genome can be analyzed with high accuracy pinpointing single gene mutations. The Office of Rare Diseases identifies nearly 7,000 rare diseases and many of these are genetic in origin, often arising from single mutations. The ORD estimates that nearly 30 million Americans are affected by rare diseases. More than half of rare diseases affect children.    Concomitant with advances in genetic diagnoses, there are parallel leaps in genome editing. CRISPR/Cas9 represents a significant advance for genome editing. Because of the co-development of gene editing and stem cell biology, there is significant potential clinical application. Induced pluripotent human stem cells can be made from blood, skin, and other mature human cells. For my field, cardiology, skin cells can actually form beating heart-like cells in a dish allowing us to discern how mutations cause disease and letting us test how to correct these diseases. The human population is not placed at risk by these experiments in cells and it seems fair to say that the human population would actually be harmed by not doing these experiments since the research offers the potent opportunity to improve human health.    Stem cells of the bone marrow, muscle, skin, and other organs can be isolated and edited. With these methods, it would be possible to cure sickle cell anemia or Duchenne muscular dystrophy. In mice, CRISPR/Cas9 mediated correction of fertilized eggs corrected the defect for Duchenne muscular dystrophy. The method, while imperfect, was associated with a remarkably high correction rate.    Recently, a group of distinguished scientists called for careful consideration of gene editing in fertilized oocytes fearing the potential for germline gene editing and ultimately human eugenics. These discussions were enhanced and prompted by the recent report which we've heard about from Liang, et al., which described the efforts using CRISPR/Cas9 in fertilized oocytes.    A regulatory framework for gene editing should encompass several key points. It should permit research to optimize and improve CRISPR/Cas9 and related technologies. It should permit in vitro and cell-based gene editing technologies, including those in embryonic and induced pluripotent stem cells. It should permit in vitro and cell-based editing with the intent to reintroduce cells into humans as a therapeutic measure for somatic cells. And it should permit the generation of gene-edited animals for the purposes of scientific research. It may consider limiting or even prohibiting gene editing under the circumstances where human transmission of gene-edited germ lines would occur.    But would we ever really consider germline gene editing? So we should consider the scenario of pre-implantation genetic diagnosis, otherwise known as PGD. PGD is pursued by families to avoid transmitting genetic diseases. PGD involves in vitro fertilization coupled with genetic testing. PGD is not covered by insurance, and yet for some families, they make this choice. These may be families who are already struggling with caring for one disabled child and who cannot care for a second disabled child.    PGD is a personal option and one that is made solely by parents and families. In principle, it is possible that the efficiency of genome editing will improve so that pre-implantation genetic correction could accompany PGD. With this process, gene editing to correct and eliminate a genetic disease could become reality. While the temptation may be to ban or limit this possibility, we should do so only with caution. Parents of children with genetic disease express significant concern, responsibility, and often dismay for having passed on mutations to their children. A parent's desire to protect children is undeniable. As a society and as a nation, we protect children.    It may be tempting and easiest to ban gene editing where germline transmission could occur, yet the justified use of this approach is certainly conceivable and may one day be appropriate.    Thank you.    Dr. McNally. I would also remember that through this process it's not just the scientists and the physicians and the regulatory bodies but to also remember the patient advocacy groups and the patients themselves. They're going to be the loudest voice in this process and we need to hear what they have to say.    Chairwoman Comstock. Thank you. I appreciate it.    Now I recognize Mr. Lipinski for five minutes.    Dr. McNally. I would like to echo what Dr. Dzau just said which is that I appreciate very much the leadership by Dr. Doudna and the group of scientists that got together but I think the IOM convening an international effort to really look at what the possibilities are I would think it's reasonable to wait until we learn what that outcome is. It's important to have a careful and to have an international look at what the best recommendations really are at this point in time.    Dr. McNally. Well, as a member of an IRB for about 15 years, that's actually--you know, right now, consent in a research study in that case would be the parent; the mother would be the person providing consent. If a study were to go forward right now, that's who would be providing consent because it would be her materials that were being used for that purpose. So there isn't--from the standpoint of human subjects strictly talking like Institutional Review Boards, a fertilized egg is not an individual that provides consent and also even--you know, as a--if it were a child, a parent provides consent for that if that answers your question.    Dr. McNally. Again, how much time do we have?    Dr. McNally. I think everybody sitting here at this table can say it cannot be overstated how important the federal investment is for research. There are many people who would love to see a lot of research funded in the private sector but there are certain aspects of particularly fundamental research that will never be covered in the private sector. Sequencing the genome is a great example of that.    And we can't move forward without that federal investment and I think all of us here would say, you know, it's been fairly tough times in the last few years with what's happened with budgets and what's happened with research and watching the effect that that has had on the scientific community here in the United States where we have actually seen the size and shape of the scientific community shrink in the last few years, especially when we look across the world and we see it growing elsewhere. So, yes, federally funded research is absolutely essential for these types of basic observations.    Dr. McNally. I think it's widely anticipated that sickle cell will be one of the first things that's cured by this where you could take a cell out because it's a bone marrow cell. You could correct it with CRISPR/Cas and return that person's bone marrow cells so it's not a transplant situation; you're returning their own cells to them. And that's ongoing right now and I anticipate that we will see that.    For my field I work in muscle diseases. Duchenne muscular dystrophy is a very challenging, challenging area and right now we're looking at technologies where we're taking small antisense compounds where we would have to treat that individual for a lifetime every day with those compounds. Again, if we could get the cells, correct them, and reinsert them back in, that would be a one-time treatment and a lifetime treatment for that individual. So I think we're seeing a few examples where it's definitely heading that direction.    Dr. McNally. More.    Dr. McNally. You picked 1995.    Dr. McNally. If you said 1995----    Dr. McNally. --to 2005, we would say more. If you would say 2005 to 2015 we would all say less.    Dr. McNally. Dr. McNally. 2005.    Dr. McNally. Yes.    Dr. McNally. Yeah.    Dr. McNally. Yeah, I mean we've seen incredible advances that have come out of basic research, and I'll talk about my field, which is cardiology. It was out of basic research of understanding the LDL receptor that led to statins, the drugs that probably a lot of people in this room take, and we've seen a direct translation to a reduction in the rate of heart attacks. I mean it's a very different world than what it was when I first heard of my training 20 years ago. We don't see acute heart attacks like we used to and that came as an outcome of basic research not that many years ago.    So we can tell the same story for heart disease. We can tell the same story for many cancers. Cancer and heart disease are the major things that kill people so we've made huge headway in that.    Dr. McNally. Yeah. Well, with CRISPR/Cas initiated, yeah, you'll probably decrease the cost in half and decrease the time in half. So if it was $25,000, it's probably closer to 10 now, and if it was a year, it's probably closer to 6 months. That's counting breeding time.    Dr. McNally. I agree. I think that's a reasonable timeline, five, ten years if you had to guess.    Dr. McNally. Yeah.    Dr. McNally. Science fiction.    Dr. McNally. I'll dive in.    Dr. McNally. I'll dive in.    As Dr. Doudna has said, the limitations of engineering things like intelligence--    Dr. McNally. --are far more limited by our genetic observations--    Dr. McNally. --than they are by our capacity to do genome engineering. We have actually very large scale genetic projects ongoing right now, the 1,000 Genomes Project in the next year or two we'll be looking at a million human sequences and a lot of information connected to it. And the simple answer is that traits like intelligence are not single-gene--    Dr. McNally. They're probably not even entirely genetic is what people are referring to on a regular basis right now. There's a whole series of articles written about the missing heritability for many different traits, things that we thought were genetic when it turns out we look at the genes, they may not be so genetic or they are a very high complexity.    Dr. McNally. Yeah.    Dr. McNally. Yeah, so right now it's--since more than a year-and-a-half, it's been very possible to sequence a human genome with the consumable cost being about $1,000, which is an amazingly low price for a single genome. That doesn't include the cost of analysis, and so the real rate-limiting step right now is the time it takes to analyze genomes.    So what we've done is we've actually, working together with Argonne National Labs, the University of Chicago, and now Northwestern, we've actually taken a Cray XE6 supercomputer that's at Argonne and outfitted it with all the computing code that's available through the Broad Institute so that we can now, for example, analyze 250 genomes in a weekend if they give us the whole machine to work. So that dramatically accelerates our ability to screen through three billion bases of an individual genome and score it's four million differences that exist in each one of those genomes, the vast majority of which are rare and private.