    Mr. Allen. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And thank you, distinguished panel, for your testimony here today. It has been very enlightening.    As a business owner for the last 37 years in the state of Georgia, I have experienced lots of activity, both with the union and nonunion workers. Actually, the company I started working with was union. And then when we formed our company, we elected to go nonunion at that time because that was sort of the trend. And that was in the mid-1970s.    One of the things that I value about our employee relationship is the fact that, you know, we are--kind of turned the hierarchy upside down. The workers actually have a good bit to say about how we run our business. And we like it that way. And I found that in my union involvement, it was always a conflict. And it was very difficult to deal with.    But I will say that Georgia was selected by Site Selection magazine as the number one state to locate a business in. And we have been a right-to-work state for a long, long time. And we too are very proud of our workers and our productivity, our cost of living, which I don't think we have talked about cost of living or the cost of products and things like that make a big difference and competitiveness, makes a big difference, you know, where we are.    And the fact that our workers love where they work. And I have experienced that touring many of our manufacturers throughout the district since I was just recently elected to Congress. And what I have been amazed at is the attitude of the workforce out there with these manufacturers. And it has been quite enlightening to me as far as the labor front goes.    Mr. Hewitt, we haven't asked you a question. And I have been involved in United Way. I love that organization because I think it is like 90 percent of what we raise actually goes to help the agencies and the folks we are trying to help. And that is what community is all about.    And I am sure as a National United Way, you have talked to others in the--around the--I don't--we are not union. Our United Way is not union. They are in Augusta. But in your talking with these other United Ways and your having to spend apparently a lot of your time dealing with these union issues, how are you doing that and still being able to serve the very folks that need serving? Can you explain that?    Mr. Allen. Right.    Mr. Allen. Let me see if I heard you correctly. In other words, the unions don't quite understand exactly what your mission is here? I mean, your mission is to help folks who--    Mr. Allen. So they don't care about that?    Mr. Allen. That is shocking.    Mr. Hewitt.--was just said in anger.    Mr. Allen. Yes.    Mr. Allen. It is unconscionable that people in America would have strings attached to the cause to help the--    Mr. Allen. I yield back.