    Mr. Davis. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank you to all the witnesses that are here today. And Mr. Chairman, thank you for holding this hearing on the costs and impacts of the mandatory biotech labeling laws. And I would like to welcome one of my constituents who is on the panel, Mr. Lynn Clarkson. I am very glad you are here representing the small town of Cerro Gordo very, very well.    Clarkson Grain, your company, turned 40 just last year, supplies grain to food manufacturing, animal feed industries. His products include corn, whole grains, and non-GMO grains and oilseeds. I appreciate your testimony about respecting all viewpoints and lowering the temperature in this very heated debate.    I have two distinct memories from the Subcommittee hearing that I shared last year that Ms. Lidback was a part of. First of all, we discussed the needs of biotechnology, and it helps us feed a growing population, reduces negative impacts on our environment, and also helps combat plant and pest diseases. But the rhetoric, as Chairman Conaway said, became pretty charged after the hearing. I was disappointed by this rhetoric and misinformation and the personal attacks leveled not only at you but to those who were part of the hearing, including me.    Thanks for coming back. I know you did receive some rude comments and some bullying on social media, and I really appreciate hearing your perspective as a dairy farmer, and as a father of three children myself, I appreciate hearing your perspective as a mother.    Last, on the right-to-know argument, consumers can already find out information when they are at the grocery store. Food that is labeled as USDA certified organic does not contained genetically modified ingredients. I want to read something from The New York Times editorial just a couple of years ago. ``Consumers can already find products free of GMO ingredients with labels voluntarily placed by the manufacturers. For those who want to avoid such ingredients, the surest way is to buy products certified as organic under Federal standards.'' Now, this is The New York Times, not necessarily a hotbed of conservative rhetoric on their editorial board.    So with that, Mr. Chairman, I yield back.    The Chairman. The gentleman yields back. Thank you. I now recognize the Ranking Member on the Subcommittee, Ms. DelBene, for her statement.OPENING STATEMENT OF HON. SUZAN K. DelBENE, A REPRESENTATIVE IN     Mr. Davis. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Obviously with a constituent in the room, I would like to start my questioning with Mr. Clarkson. Again, thank you for being here. Thank you for your testimony. In your testimony you touch on this, but do you prefer the producers be able to voluntarily market their products as biotech, non-biotech, or both? And should either of these marketing claims be mandated?    Mr. Davis. Well, thank you very much for your response. In your testimony you also say everyone would win if we could lower the temperature on biotechnology. And this is a very important point that many touched on in their opening statements.    Can you expand on this, Mr. Clarkson, and as the labeling debate continues, what advice do you have in communicating with the many stakeholders that could help bridge the gap between those who support biotech and those who don't?    Mr. Davis. Well, thank----    Mr. Clarkson.--while people make their choices.    Mr. Davis. Thank you very much for that response. Ms. Lidback, I have three school-aged children at home. There is obviously a lot of false information about the health and safety of biotech crops that is driving this debate, and we both saw that after the Subcommittee hearing last year. Can you expand on why these products are safe for your children and also mine?    Mr. Davis. Okay. Thank you. Mr. Policinski? Did I pronounce that semi-correctly?    Mr. Davis. Thank you. Thank you. You run one of the largest farmer-owned companies in the country. Why has your company made investments in biotech and what does labeling mean for food and agricultural companies like yours?    Mr. Davis. Well, thank you very much. Thank you all for your testimony. And Mr. Chairman, I have one question for the panel, but I will wait until my turn. So I will yield back.    The Chairman. The gentleman yields back. The Ranking Member is recognized for 5 minutes.