    Chairman HUELSKAMP. I call this hearing to order.    It has been just about 6 years since the passage of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform, and in that time we have seen a steady stream of new rules and regulations imposed upon financial institutions. These hundreds of rules and thousands of pages of regulation have been touted as necessary to secure financial stability, and targeting just those large institutions which were blamed for the financial collapse. But as this Committee has learned, our small community banks have not been spared from the regulatory burden.    Across the country, community banks are seeing the costs of complying with regulations soar, and the result has been less capital available for the main street shop looking to expand, for the entrepreneur looking to start a business, and for our neighbors hoping to purchase a new home. The impact of regulation on community banks is felt especially hard in our country's rural areas, like my district in Kansas.    The rising cost of regulation is causing many small banks to be forced to merge with larger entities that may not understand the local community, or causing them to shut their doors entirely. In rural towns without many other alternatives for access to capital, the results of these top-down regulations can be devastating and impact the whole town and the entire county and region. Home mortgage lending, small business lending, agricultural lending, all areas where community banks play a leading role in providing capital, become much more difficult and much more costly to consumers.    Our rural communities are still feeling the harsh effects of the recession. During the so-called ``recovery,'' growth in business establishments was reserved for the big cities. From 2010-2014, a full half of all new business were started in just 20 of our Nation's counties, all near large metro areas. During that same time, most rural counties have actually seen a decrease in business establishments. More businesses are closing for good than opening up.    At today's hearing, we will hear about the impact financial regulations are having on our rural communities from those who see it every day, including from within my home district, Kansas's ``Big First'' District. Discussions of financial reform are often centered on big cities and large institutions on Wall Street, but today we will hear from those areas of rural America, form Main Street, which can too often be overlooked in these conversations.    I thank the witnesses for being here this morning, and I look forward to your testimony.    I now yield to Ranking Member Chu for her opening remarks.    Chairman HUELSKAMP. Thank you, Ms. Chu.    If Committee members have an opening statement prepared, I would ask they be submitted for the record. Let me explain the opening statements and timing for the witnesses.    You each have 5 minutes to deliver your testimony. The light will start out as green. When you have 1 minute remaining, the light will turn yellow. And finally, at the end of your 5 minutes, it will turn red. I ask that you try to adhere to that time limit.    With that, I would like to introduce our first witness this morning, Mr. Roger Beverage, who is visiting us today from Oklahoma City, or Edmond. Mr. Beverage is the former Executive Vice President of the Nebraska Bankers Association and is currently the President and CEO of the Oklahoma Bankers Association. He has held this position for over 25 years. Mr. Beverage is testifying today on behalf of the American Bankers Association, and Mr. Beverage, we welcome you here today. You have 5 minutes, and you may begin.    Chairman HUELSKAMP. Thank you, Mr. Beverage. I appreciate your testimony.    Our second witness this morning is Mr. Shan Hanes, who is visiting us today from Elkhart, Kansas, which is located in my home district, Kansas's ``Big First.'' Elkhart is a community in southwest Kansas with a population just over 2,000 folks, and I might add, 26 graduates in the senior class. Where I come from that is actually kind of a big school. For the past 9 years, Mr. Hanes has served as president and CEO of the First National Bank of Elkhart--and by the way, when you are in Elkhart, you are not quite in Oklahoma or Colorado, but you can see them from there--and previously has served as President of the Kansas Ag Bankers Division of the Kansas Bankers Association.    Mr. Hanes, we welcome you here today. Thank you for joining us, and you may begin.    Chairman HUELSKAMP. Thank you, Mr. Hanes. I appreciate your testimony and you joining us today.    I now yield to Ranking Member Chu for the introduction of our final witness, Mr. Marcus Stanley.    Chairman HUELSKAMP. Thank you for the introduction. Mr. Stanley, you may begin. Thank you.    Chairman HUELSKAMP. Thank you, Mr. Stanley. We appreciate your testimony. We will now begin our questioning. I recognize myself for 5 minutes.    I will first start with Mr. Hanes. I cannot imagine you got into this business to navigate your way through miles of red tape. What brought you in this line of work, and what do you see as your role in the community of Elkhart, Kansas?    Chairman HUELSKAMP. You talked a little bit about home mortgage lending, perhaps small business loans as well. I would like for you to explain how the regulations have restricted your ability to meet those needs. Secondly, who will take care of those needs if the First National Bank of Elkhart were not there?    Chairman HUELSKAMP. I am hearing this from other communities as well. Who is going to issue the home mortgage in these situations? I know many of the folks in the Kansas Bankers Association, in Oklahoma as well, are exiting the marketplace. Mr. Stanley is worried about online and some of these other entities, but what are the other options you have?    Chairman HUELSKAMP. Thank you, Mr. Hanes.    Mr. Beverage?    Chairman HUELSKAMP. Does Dodd-Frank understand or take that into account at all?    Chairman HUELSKAMP. That is a worry I have as well, as a farmer and a resident of small town America in western Kansas. Thank you.    I next recognize Representative Chu for her questions.    Chairman HUELSKAMP. Next, I recognize Representative Trent Kelly for questions.    Chairman HUELSKAMP. Thank you.    Next, I recognize Representative Luetkemeyer, Vice Chairman of the Committee. Welcome to the Subcommittee.    Chairman HUELSKAMP. I appreciate those questions, I will note Mr. Hanes has come a long way and I would like to ask him another question. I think you drove 100-plus miles to an airport, then took a connection, two of them to get here. You have come a long way. One other subject you did bring up, Shan, is that you thought it an unfair playing field in the particular area of agriculture, which is the bread and butter of your bank, it is hard to compete. Can you describe that a little bit more and what would you suggest as a way to level that playing field?    Chairman HUELSKAMP. I appreciate that.    I want to follow up with Mr. Stanley, in trying to understand your perspective of what is occurring here, and I do not know if you have ever been in a small town or a community bank we are talking about, looked at that, but frankly, Mr. Stanley, I do not know how they are able to compete with the Bank of America. The regulatory or the legal changes coming out hopefully at a Financial Services Committee, Bank of America does not want the changes. They do not want to change Dodd-Frank. They like the setup. As I understand, they are opposed to making changes. They found out how to game the system. But when you have Mr. Hanes and other banks across western Kansas, I think we all agree we want consumers to have more options, not fewer of them. When I hear from community banks that they are saying any loan under $100,000, and there are very few of those, are losers--they are going to lose money on them, and the Feds do not want them to do it anyway--they are left with some of the predatory lenders you are talking about. Bank of America is not going to come to Elkhart, Kansas. I guarantee you that. They have no desire. What they want to do is maybe buy up your bank. I do not know what they would want to do, I think they would just want to ignore that. I am just trying to understand from the perspective and the group you represent, which in inner cities I think you saw those predatory practices, but how does that apply to a small rural town if they are going to have no options when we are done with Dodd-Frank? I open it up to you, Mr. Stanley.    Chairman HUELSKAMP. Do you think they represent any threat to the economic system? Why are they being punished by these regulations at all? I mean, we have experts. They spent hours and days and weeks and months and years of putting it together, and the other day Mr. Hanes comes in and says most of my competitors are leaving the marketplace. The big city said, well, that is just too bad you cannot get a home mortgage in Elkhart, Kansas. That is one of the costs of taking care of the big banks. But I agree with Mr. Luetkemeyer. The end result is they are too big to fail and too small to succeed, and I think that is happening in this arena.    Chairman HUELSKAMP. Please.    Chairman HUELSKAMP. Mr. Stanley, I appreciate that, and I will note I do not know of a single bank in the western half of the State of Kansas that failed in this situation. They get to take on all the regulations, so I am not worried so much about consumer protection; I am worried that they will not have any more choices. We will probably be sitting here in 3 or 4 years saying gosh darn it, what are we going to do to make sure they can get a loan in Elkhart, Kansas? We are about at the end of that stick.    I am going to ask Ms. Chu or Mr. Luetkemeyer, I am being a little flexible here, if you have any follow-up questions.    Seeing none, or if you had another round of questions?    Chairman HUELSKAMP. I would like to thank all of our witnesses for their participation today. It is never easy to take time out of your busy schedules and to come and talk with us, but you help us understand the unique impact that overregulation can have on our rural communities. All too often it is our consumers, our small businesses, farms and ranches, and entrepreneurs that ultimately feel the burden. Here at the Committee, we remain dedicated to working to ensure that small businesses are allowed to grow, thrive, and provide economic opportunities to the community.    I ask unanimous consent that members have 5 days to submit statements and supporting materials for the record.    Without objection, so ordered.    This hearing is adjourned.