    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Thank you so much, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Blinken, during your confirmation hearing in the Senate you had promised Senator Rubio and the Foreign Relations Committee that you and the administration would consult Congress on any policy changes the administration was seeking toward Cuba.    That turned out to be a complete falsehood. I worry that the Cuba example was a deliberate attempt by the administration to keep Congress in the dark regarding the Castro negotiations.    And why is this important? Not only because of the Cuba deal but of how that implicates the Iranian deal. Keeping us in the dark it foreshadows the administration's approach to Congress and keeping us out of the loop on the Iranian deal. The administration has made it clear that it does not want Congress to vote on the Iranian deal anytime soon.    But you just said to Mr. Royce that the U.N. Security Council will be having a vote, a binding vote, on the Iranian deal. Just to make it clear, you will be going to the U.N. Security Council to ask for a vote on the Iranian deal--yes or no?    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Yes?    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Vote on the deal?    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. To vote?    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Congress can wait for the U.N. Security Council.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. We have 10 years from now.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Sure. No problem. And Palestinian statehood--there have been reports last night that in order for President Obama to continue his temper tantrum toward Prime Minister Netanyahu, what we will be doing in the United Nations is push in the shadows for a vote on Palestinian statehood in order to pressure Israel to be at the negotiation table with the Palestinians.    Is that true? Is that press report true?    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Oh, that support is very clear. Thank you. Thank you. No, that support is very clear.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Thank you. And I am going to ask you another question on Iran for a minute.    But I wanted to ask Mr. Szubin, your Cuba sanctions regulatory revisions earlier this year took a very broad view of the administration's licensing authority under the Trading with the Enemy Act, and I fear that the administration is using Cuba as a test case, as I said, for normalizing relations with Tehran and will utilize its licensing authority to provide broad relief for Iran.    Under the JPOA, the U.S. is committed to removing nuclear-related sanctions on Iran. However, as the author of the Iran sanctions law, the concept of an exclusively defined nuclear-related sanction on Iran does not exist in U.S. law because the sanctions are intertwined with Iran's human rights record, its ballistic missile program and its support for terrorism.    So I ask you, Mr. Szubin, which sanctions will you seek to suspend and ultimately lift under a final agreement and will you come to Congress to ask for authorities before such action is taken?    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Thank you. We will leave--it is going to take a long time.    Mr. Blinken, Iran has been cheating, skirting the rules, violating international agreements, you have heard, from both Mr. Engel and Mr. Royce on that.    What mechanism do we have to enforce any violation? Will there be penalties imbedded in the nuclear deal? If you could be specific.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Is that all that the IAEA has said? Has the IAEA also not said that Iran is not complying and is not letting them in, as the IAEA has asked?    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. So you look at their reports and say--you cherry pick and you say, okay, the IAEA is happy with this?    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. You should give the totality of what they have been saying----    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen . And how frustrated that agency has been with Iran throughout all of these negotiations.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. And I am sure that Iran is just shaking at that because that is very----    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Oh, yes. Absolutely.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Thank you so much.    Mr. Poe of Texas.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Thank you. Thank you, Judge Poe.    Ms. Frankel of Florida.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Thank you, Ms. Frankel.    Subcommittee chair, Mr. Duncan, is recognized.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Thank you so much.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Because although there is a vote on and we have two votes, the subcommittee--I mean, the full committee will come back. But we would never break without the opportunity of recognizing Mr. Connolly for his 5 minutes.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Thank you, Mr. Connolly, and it is not my temper tantrum to cut you off. We really are out of time.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. And to all the committee members and witnesses, we have two votes on the floor. We will recess briefly and then come back to get to the most amount of members that we can get to before our witnesses have to depart.    And so with that, the committee stands in recess. Thank you.    