    Ms. Lujan Grisham. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Agriculture and the oil and gas sector are really important industries, certainly, in my state as well as for most of the Members on this Committee. And they both make substantial contributions. And in fact, ag and food processing industries contribute $10.6 billion to our economy. That is roughly 12 percent of our GDP. And the oil and gas industry do about $11.3 billion, so that is about 14 percent of our GDP. So I understand the aspect here that we want to make sure that these are coordinated, productive, partnering industries to the highest degree possible, given that they neighbor up, if you will, in most of the rural and frontier aspects of the country, and including in New Mexico.    You probably also are aware, the panel, and I know the Committee is, that in my state we are experiencing, like much of the Southwest, one of the worst droughts. We are part of a 100 year drought, and besides the fact that we are always on fire starting now through the fall, it is a significant factor for both these industries.    Do you have any thoughts or suggestions, given water scarcity issues in general, about ways in which both ag and oil and gas can be innovative in addressing the lack of water resources and not to put themselves in a position where they are actually competing for that same resource? I would be very interested in anyone on the panel's thoughts about that.    Ms. Lujan Grisham. They are not, apparently, cost effective, so says the industry to me. Do you see advances or areas that Congress could be looking to, much like my colleague talked about, in investment strategies and incentive strategies?    Ms. Lujan Grisham. What do you think would make this now cost effective, because it is stagnant, pardon the pun for stagnant water, it is not moving in the ways that it could. And I agree that there is lots of interest in reclamation, but it doesn't appear to be cost effective today.    Ms. Lujan Grisham. Okay. Anybody else?    Ms. Lujan Grisham. We will take them.    Ms. Lujan Grisham. It is an area in my state that irrespective of, and I don't disagree, that we all ought to be, and in ag as well, thinking about ways to be more effective with our water resources, to have a reuse aspect that is meaningful for both industries. But when you start from a place that is really significantly poor, even with government out of the way, those competitive aspects don't lend themselves to the kind of leveraging and partnering that is beneficial. And this is not an area where any state, particularly mine, ought to choose.    These are both important industries to the economic benefit of citizens in New Mexico, but I can see that left alone, it could take too long to create an environment where competing for water resources means choosing. And in this environment, I would say that ag would be the likely loser in this event, and it would be not only a disaster economically for the state, but it would be a cultural investment disaster for the state as well.    Ms. Lujan Grisham. My time has expired, Mr. Chairman. Thank you for the dialogue. I appreciate your perspectives.    The Chairman. The gentlelady yields back.    Again, I want to thank our witnesses for being with us today and participating in this dialogue. I won't repeat all of the other things that I said earlier. But I do appreciate each of you coming and sharing your perspective with us, because the overall impact that oil and gas has on rural economies has been made evident this morning by your testimony, and we really appreciate that.    Under the rules of the Committee, the record of today's hearing will remain open for 10 calendar days to receive additional material or supplemental responses from the witnesses to any questions posed by a Member. If there is something additionally that you would like to put into the record as you think about your answers earlier today, if you think there is something else that you wish you would have said that you think would be helpful to the Committee as we work through these processes, we would welcome having that submitted as well within 10 days. With that, the Committee on Agriculture is adjourned.