    Mr. Sherman. Thank you. I want to thank the chairman for holding this markup. I support each of the four bills we are considering.    H. Res. 210, affirming and recognizing the Khmer, Laotian, Hmong, and Montagnard Freedom Fighters and the people of Cambodia and Laos for their support and defense of the United States Armed Forces and freedom in Southeast Asia. It is entirely appropriate that we recognize these brave allies who fought alongside us.    Supporting human rights, democracy, and the rule of law in Cambodia, H. Res. 728. I want to thank my colleague from southern California, Mr. Lowenthal, for his leadership on this resolution and his general leadership on human rights in Southeast Asia. I met just last week with opposition leader Sam Rainsy, who is in exile because the government of Hun Sen has abused the criminal defamation law to try to silence him. You can't have a democracy when you have a criminal defamation law, probably of any kind, but certainly a criminal defamation law that is used to silence and criminalize political speech. That is why I offered my amendment that would call specifically on Cambodia to reform its defamation law and hopefully not apply it to any political speech and not provide criminal penalties for so-called defamatory statements. And we want to make it explicit that Congress takes these issues extremely seriously.    We all buy garments. Some of them are made in Cambodia. Cambodian garment manufacturers and U.S. importers have got to understand that the American people want to see improvements in human rights in Cambodia.    H. Res. 634, Recognizing the importance of the United States-Republic of Korea-Japan trilateral relationship to counter North Korean threats and nuclear proliferation, and to ensure regional security and human rights. The North Korea regime of Kim Jong-un is a great danger to international security. The Kim regime continues to work toward developing missiles and nuclear weapons. It is now trying to lengthen the reach of those missiles with the sole purpose of reaching the United States.    I am also concerned about North Korea perhaps selling nuclear weapons to Iran or others. And, of course, Iran now has many, many tens of billions of dollars that it did not have at the beginning of last year.    The guiding principle of the United States' policies in North Korea should be to exert every effort to pressure the regime in order to incentivize change. So this resolution encouraging cooperation with South Korea and Japan makes senses. I fully support the resolution.    Moving on to H.R. 4501, Distribution and Promotion of Rights and Knowledge Act of 2016. Pleased to join our chairman in introducing this resolution. It calls for a more assertive U.S. approach in trying to get independent information to the people of North Korea using electronic media in various forms as well as improving our broadcasting efforts. I want to thank the chairman for moving this important bill.    Beyond economic sanctions, short of the use of military force, one of the most effective things we can do is provide the people of North Korea with information, which this murderous regime seeks to deny them. This is one of the most effective things the international community can do to pressure the regime and hopefully move forward to a day when we can have a government in North Korea that is at peace with the world and at peace with its own people.    Information from independent sources has consistently been a destabilizing influence on totalitarian regimes, which accounts for why they go to such extreme ends to prevent that information from reaching it citizens. The United States should increase its efforts in this regard, increasing current VOA broadcasting into North Korea and supplementing this broadcasting with social media. We must adopt our diplomatic efforts to spread the American message according to the new technology of these times.    I am pleased to see the committee more forward in a bipartisan fashion, which of course has characterized its work.    And I yield back 1 second of time.