    Dr. Babin. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman. Local officials in my district in La Porte, Texas, have expressed to me their concerns about FEMA rules regarding properties that are bought out via the FEMA program to purchase homes that have experienced repetitive losses as a result of flooding. And we have seen quite a bit of it over the last few years there.    FEMA rules prevent the property from being redeveloped in a manner that would not eliminate the risk of further property loss. So removal of these properties also permanently reduces the tax rolls for these municipalities, and also the revenue for communities that are not able to expand their boundaries.    They have also told me that FEMA's enforcement of property maintenance guidelines for those properties they have purchased has been seriously inadequate, as properties have not been kept up to local community standards. Frequently, the properties are overrun with weeds and grass and violation of local property maintenance codes.    So, Administrator Grimm, I would ask you. What are your thoughts in revisiting this program to give local communities an opportunity to reacquire and redevelop these properties so that they can be better put to use?    Dr. Babin. Yes, sir.    Dr. Babin. Right.    Dr. Babin. OK. And then what advice would you give to local officials who are dealing with this maintenance and upkeep issues?    And also, if I could, I would like to have your commitment that you or one of your officials could reach out directly to the officials in La Porte, Texas, and work with them to address as many issues as you can under the existing law and FEMA policy.    Dr. Babin. Yes. The first one was what advice would you give these officials when you do reach out to them?    Dr. Babin. Thank you very much. This has been a ongoing problem, not only in my district and districts to the west, but also across the Sabine, over in Louisiana, where we are going to wind up having lots of neighborhoods and whole sections of communities and cities that are going to be ghost towns. They want to know how to deal with that.    So, thank you very much. I appreciate you reaching out to my constituents in La Porte.    Thank you, and I yield back the balance of my time, Mr. Chairman----