    Mr. Polis. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And I appreciate the opportunity to join the subcommittee today.    I think it was very valuable the way that Ms. Bonamici has sort of framed this issue and why this has strong democratic and republican agreement about, you know, parental rights and privacy issues. It is really--as we know, schools function with a certain degree of ability to in loco parentis operate in lieu of the parents.    And the question is when it comes to kids' personal information, do the schools and the government own it and can they sell it? And the answer should be without the parent's consent, no, they don't have that ability.    But because of the advent of interactive technology, there are oftentimes students interacting directly with third-party vendors and there is not the teacher or administrator there.    And therefore, policies and laws are needed to ensure that schools, in fact, are not selling personal information, whether there is monetary compensation or in kind, software composition, effectively selling information that isn't really theirs because the parents of the minor did not give them the permission to do that.    I want to go to Ms. Knox. And recognizing that we can learn from state efforts, notably SOPIPA in California that protects student privacy. And this is fundamentally a demand driven by parents across the country. Certainly, in my own state of Colorado.    Could you elaborate on how some of those innovative policies can be taken to the federal level, building upon the pledge which 100 companies, including yours, have already signed?    Mr. Polis. And I want to go to Professor Reidenberg.    I think one of the dangers, absent the types of controls that parents want to see so that their own kid's information isn't sold without their permission, the danger seems to be that parents understandably--and this has occurred in districts in my state--rebelled the other way, where they effectively throw vendors out of schools that could otherwise be helpful at providing an individualized education, if only the legitimate concerns were addressed.    So I am wondering if you can address how we can harvest the great potential and power of educational technology and individualized education to boost student learning, while at the same time ensure that the concerns of parents are met.