    Mr. Pitts. The subcommittee will come to order. The chair will recognize himself for an opening statement.    Over the past several years, this committee has focused on understanding and responding to the need to modernize Medicare's financing and payment structures. Today's hearing will give members and stakeholders an opportunity to examine the current state of post-acute care, PAC, for Medicare beneficiaries and discuss ways it can be improved.    Post-acute care is care that is provided to individuals who need additional help recuperating from an acute illness or serious medical procedure usually after discharge from hospital care. Post-acute care providers such as skilled nursing facilities, SNFs, inpatient rehabilitation facilities, IRFs, long-term care hospitals, home health agencies, and hospices are reimbursed by Medicare with different payment systems, which were originally designed to focus on a phase of a patient's illness in a specific site of service. As a result, payments across post-acute care settings may differ considerably even though the clinical characteristics of the patient and the services delivered may be very similar.    According to the Medicare Payment Advisory Commission, MedPAC, Medicare's payments to PAC providers totaled $59 billion in the year 2013. For patients who are hospitalized for exacerbations of chronic conditions, such as congestive heart failure, Medicare spends nearly as much on post-acute care and readmissions in the first 30 days after a patient is discharged as it does for the initial hospital admission. Medicare payments for post-acute care have grown faster than most other categories of spending. For example, total Medicare spending for patients hospitalized with myocardial infarction, congestive heart failure, or hip fracture grew by 1.5 to 2 percent each year between 1994 and 2009, while spending on post-acute care for those patients grew by 4 \1/2\ to 8 \1/2\ percent per year.    There are many opportunities for the Medicare program to save taxpayer dollars and improve seniors' quality of care through better management of post-acute care. One way is to make sure patients are treated in the most cost effective clinically appropriate setting. The current model has significant reimbursement disparities for treating the same condition. For example, for patients hospitalized with congestive heart failure in 2008, Medicare paid about $2,500 in the 30 days after discharge for each patient who received home health care as compared with $10,700 for those admitted to a SNF and $15,000 for those cared for in a rehabilitation hospital.    Our colleague, Representative Dave McKinley, has had a long interest in this subject and has sponsored legislation, along with Representatives Tom Price, John McNerney and Anna Eshoo to provide bundled payments for post-acute care services under Medicare. His bill is H.R. 1458, the quote, ``Bundling and Coordinating Post-Acute Care Act of 2015'' and is also known as BACPAC Act of 2015. This bill is designed to foster the delivery of high-quality, post-acute care services in the most cost effective manner while preserving the ability of patients, with guidance from their physician, to select their preferred provider of post-acute care services. This is the type of legislation that has the potential to promote healthy competition among PAC providers on the basis of quality, cost, accountability, and customer service while advancing innovation in care coordination, medication management, and hospitalization avoidance.    I am pleased the committee is examining post-acute care issues. Proposals such as BACPAC have potential to reward quality, achieve savings, and strengthen the sustainability of the Medicare program.    I look forward to hearing from our witnesses today, and I yield back.    Mr. Pitts. And at this time, I recognize the ranking member of the subcommittee, Mr. Green, 5 minutes for opening statement.    Mr. Pitts. The chair thanks the gentleman.    Now recognize the vice chairman of the subcommittee, the gentleman from Kentucky, Mr. Guthrie for 5 minutes for an opening statement.    Mr. Pitts. The gentleman is recognized.    Mr. Pitts. Thank you.    Mr. Pitts. The chair thanks the gentleman.    Now recognize the ranking member of the full committee, Mr. Pallone, 5 minutes for opening statement.    Mr. Pitts. The chair thanks the gentleman as always.    Any written statements of the members' opening statements will be made part of the record. That concludes our opening statements.    I have a UC request. I would like to submit the following documents for the record. First, testimony from the Coalition to Preserve Rehabilitation and Orthotic and Prosthetic Alliance, and statements from the National Association For Home Care and Hospice, the Premiere Healthcare Alliance, the American Hospital Association, the American Medical Rehabilitation Providers Association, National Long-Term Hospitals, and the National Association of Chain Drugstores.    Mr. Pitts. Without objection, so ordered.    Mr. Pitts. We have two panels today before us. On our first panel we have Dr. Mark Miller, executive director of the Medicare Payment Advisory Commission. Thank you very much, Dr. Miller, for coming today. Your written testimony will be made part of the record. You will have 5 minutes to summarize. And, at this time, you are recognized for 5 minutes for your opening statement.    Mr. Pitts. Microphone. Yes. OK.    Mr. Pitts. The chair thanks the gentleman.    Mr. Pitts. I will begin the questioning. Recognize myself 5 minutes for that purpose.    Dr. Miller, there have been concerns raised from the home health industry that current legislative reductions in reimbursements threaten the ability of home health agencies to treat Medicare patients. In support of these arguments, they point to cost reports and other data that show profit margins that are either very low or, in some instances, negative. I think everyone wants to ensure the benefit and access to it remains strong.    Have you or your staff looked into this issue? And, if so, what have you found and do you have any recommendations for this committee?    Mr. Pitts. As post-acute care providers look to innovate in their delivery model, I know that telemedicine is an issue many are focused on. In fact, it is a very important issue at our 21st Century cures discussion. And a number of members are working in a bipartisan fashion to advance the use of these technologies in the Medicare program. However, I have heard concerns that if telemedicine is not done correctly, it could lead to higher expenditures under the program without a similar increase in quality or service. What are your thoughts on that?    Mr. Pitts. Well, Dr. Miller, I just wanted to personally thank you and your staff for the support you have given to this committee to its members on the issue of telemedicine. We would appreciate that continued support as we go forward. And I thank you.    And I now recognize the ranking member of the subcommittee, Mr. Green, 5 minutes for questions.    Mr. Pitts. The chair thanks the gentleman.    Now recognizes the vice chair of the subcommittee, Mr. Guthrie, 5 minutes for questions.    Mr. Pitts. The chair thanks you. Gentlemen now recognizes the ranking member for the full subcommittee, Mr. Pallone, 5 minutes for questions.    Mr. Pitts . Ladies and gentlemen, if you will take your seats, we will get started. Thank you very much for your patience with the vote, and then before that, I had to duck out for the signing, the enrollment ceremony for the SGR which is a nice little celebration.    So, we are back now with the second panel, and I will introduce them in the order that they speak. Dr. Steven Landers, president and CEO of the Visiting Nurse Association Health Group, Dr. Samuel Hammerman, chief medical officer of the LTACH Hospital Division at Select Medical Corporation, Dr. Melissa Morley, program manager of health care financing and payment at FTI International, and Mr. Leonard Russ, principal partner at Bayberry Health Care and chairman of the American Health Care Association.    Thank you each for coming. Your written testimony will be made part of the record. You will each be given 5 minutes to summarize your testimony.    And we will begin with you, Dr. Landers. You are recognized for 5 minutes for your opening statement.    Mr. Pitts. The chair thanks the gentleman.    Mr. Pitts. Dr. Hammerman, you are recognized for 5 minutes for your opening statement.    Mr. Pitts. Thank you.    Mr. Pitts. Dr. Morley, you are recognized for 5 minutes for opening statement.    Mr. Pitts. Thank you very much for your testimony.    Mr. Pitts. Mr. Russ, you are recognized 5 minutes for your opening statement.    Mr. Pitts. The chair thanks the gentleman.    Mr. Pitts. I thank all the witnesses for your testimony. I will begin the questioning and recognize myself 5 minutes for that purpose.    Dr. Morley, you state in your testimony that there are geographic differences in the number of beneficiaries discharged post-acute care. Is this exclusively a provider distribution issue or is it a result of regional variation in standards of care?    Mr. Pitts. You state in your written testimony that, ``additional standardized patient assessment data are needed to test risk-based models on larger samples.'' What type of additional data needs to be collected?    Mr. Pitts. Dr. Hammerman, what can Congress do to ensure range of post-acute providers, as you state in your written testimony?    Mr. Pitts. Yes, what can Congress do to ensure a range of post-acute care providers, as you state in your written testimony?    Mr. Pitts. Dr. Landers, in what ways would condition-related groups, or CRGs, align incentives for improved outcomes and reduce cost?    Mr. Pitts. Mr. Russ, in your opinion, do you believe CMS' quality improvement star rating system for PAC providers has improved the quality of care in the PAC setting?    Mr. Pitts. Quickly. What is the difference between your organization's quality initiative and CMS' quality improvement star rating system?    Mr. Pitts. Thank you. My time is concluded. The chair recognizes the ranking member Mr. Green, 5 minutes for questions.    Mr. Pitts. The chair thanks the gentleman. Now recognize the vice chair of the subcommittee, Mr. Guthrie, 5 minutes for questions.    Mr. Pitts. The chair thanks the gentleman. Now recognize the gentlelady from California, Mrs. Capps, 5 minutes for questions.    Mr. Pitts. We have one, but go ahead.    Mr. Pitts. Sure. Thanks the gentlelady.    And now, without objection, the chair recognizes the prime sponsor of the BACPAC legislation, Mr. McKinley, 5 minutes for questions.    Mr. Pitts. The chair thanks the gentleman.    Now recognizes the gentleman from California, Mr. Cardenas, for 5 minutes for questions.    Mr. Pitts. The chair thanks the gentleman. That concludes the questions from members who are present. We will have follow-up questions. I know other members who couldn't make it back will have some questions. We will submit those to you in writing. We ask that you please respond promptly.    And I remind members that they have 10 business days to submit questions for the record. Members should submit those questions by the close of business on Thursday, April 30th.    Very good hearing. Thank you very much for the information. Very important. Without objection, subcommittee is adjourned.