    Mr. Smith. The subcommittee will come to order and first of all I want to say to our distinguished witness I apologize--and to our guests who are here--that we do have a series of votes that have just been called.    But I would like to get my opening comments. My good friend and colleague, Karen Bass, the ranking member, will join us immediately after the votes and then we'll just proceed with the hearing.    But thank you for being here. Thank you for your patience with this delay while floor votes occur.    The administration has increased funding for democracy in governance in Africa in the 2017 proposed budget by more than $168 million from the actual Fiscal Year 2015 funding.    Many of us in Congress, realizing the importance of helping to facilitate free, fair and transparent elections in Africa, have long supported funding increases in this area. So it's very much welcomed.    However, there are questions concerning the effective use of funds. According to the administration's budget explanation for Fiscal Year 2017, ``priority countries in Africa are falling behind in democracy, human rights, and governance, showing the deepest declines compared to other regions in the past 5 years.''    The administration seems to have declined to intervene significantly in countries important to the U.S. interests such as Ghana, Equatorial Guinea, and Djibouti. Using Ghana as an example where the democracy funding request dipped slightly for Fiscal Year 2017, this hearing will examine U.S. electoral policy moving forward.    In recent years, there has been a troubling trend in Africa toward leaders changing constitutions to allow them to run for a third term, not previously provided for in the law.    The administration indeed has urged the Presidents of Burundi and Rwanda, for example, not to go for a third term. Neither leader heeded the call for restraint in this regard.    In Burundi, the third term has caused serious upheaval and violence, resulting in an attempted coup, killing dozens of people, a crackdown on civil liberties and nearly 484,000 people internally displaced or seeking asylum in other countries. This situation was caused by an election many felt was unacceptable.    Other leaders, taking the Burundi and Rwanda example, are trying to seek extensions of their term in office as well. For example, Democratic Republic of the Congo's President Joseph Kabila is faced with a Constitution that not only limits him to two terms but prevents him from changing the Constitution to accommodate extending his rule.    However, President Kabila's government is taking it slow in preparing for scheduled elections in November and is trying to undo the Constitution by requiring his continuing in office past the December 19 expiration of his mandate despite the constitutional restrictions.    There was violence caused by an earlier Kabila attempt to change the Constitution and it has been widely predicted including by our own U.S. Department of State that even greater violence would result if the Kabila term is extended despite the constitutional bar for a third term.    Even when election processes improve, problems can develop that cause mistrust which can lead to rejection of an election results and to more violence.    Such results don't fade away easily. In Ghana, extremely close elections in 2008 led to mistrust of the process, especially when one district had to revote and held the key to who would be President.    Four years later, advanced biometric technology failed, casting further doubt in the minds of some voters. As one of our witnesses today will share with us, there are concerns for the elections later this year based on an accumulation of suspicions from past elections, even though the 2008 and 2012 were not judged by international observers to be particularly problematic.    The case of Ghana points out key questions. When does the international community enter an election process and when does it exit? When do we know whether elections in a particular country need no further intervention? Does intervention have to be massive or are there tweaks in capacity building we can provide that will help make all the difference between an acceptable election or one in which voters refuse to accept the outcome?    Election support is not merely a matter of money. It involves faith in the transparency and the fairness of the election process itself. The international community cannot achieve such trust among voters on our own.    The country in question must experience a meeting of the minds between the ruling party and the government and the political opposition.    There must be clear effective rules for elections that create a level playing field for all candidates and parties involved in the election process. Whatever flaws there may be in any election, the losing candidate must accept a legitimate loss and prepare for the next election.    We look forward to hearing from our distinguished government witnesses about their strategies to effectively help governments hold free, fair, and transparent elections, and we look forward to our private witnesses as well to tell us how our strategies are working, what their recommendations are on how to make it even better.    Again, we do have votes and the subcommittee will stand in recess for a brief period of time.    