    Mr. Perry. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Secretary Hoffman, the FAST Act you were just discussing includes what you were just discussing, some additional roles and authorities. Can you talk a little further about the importance of the transformer reserve and what your thoughts on that are, particularly?    Mr. Perry. Will you be considering the timeline for manufacture of transformers, as well, in that study, and when is the--when can we expect the results?    Mr. Perry. Do you discuss cost or reimbursement at all in your report?    Mr. Perry. All right, thank you. In my opinion, the EPA continues to over-regulate the energy industry. And with that, I don't think they have the ability to determine or examine the requirements.    Mr. Fugate, do you--I mean I am sure you are aware, based on what I have here, as of December of 2015 we are retiring--due to EPA policy, retiring or converting 81,423 megawatts, or 499 units, based on regulation. Has FEMA done an examination of how the EPA regulations affect the grid and the capacity? Are you interested in doing that? Do you know what the capacity is, and do you know the ramification of the loss of the 499 units and the 81,000-plus megawatts?    Mr. Perry. So if I could just----    Mr. Perry. I got a limited amount of time here. So if FEMA is not doing it particularly, who are you getting the--which partner are you getting that information from? Who is assessing the effect of the regulation, the loss of capacity and the timing of that loss? Who is doing that, of your partners?    Mr. Perry. So, with all due respect, may I ask your partner to the left? Do you have that information? Are you tracking that?    Mr. Perry. So you don't know what it is upfront, or you don't assess it as it occurs? You don't know that, you know, so many plants and so much capacity is leaving in Ohio or Pennsylvania or Alabama, you don't know that in advance and make an assessment of the potential risk that is involved?    Mr. Perry. Well, hold on a second. Hold on. With the chairman's indulgence--you believe that, but do you believe that because you have empirical data to support that belief, or you believe that because somebody is telling you that, or you believe that because you don't have any reason to disbelieve it?    Mr. Perry. So does that mean, if you thought that there was going to be a reliability impact based on the regulation and the capacity reduction that you would essentially exonerate or waive the requirements for a period of time to make sure that the capacity remains? Do you have a policy to do that, or is there a thought to that? Or what is your plan, if you come up against something that doesn't comport with what you think it needs to be, from a capacity standpoint?    Mr. Perry. But how does that work since, for instance, I live in the PJM, which is a multistate organization? It is not State by State, it is multistates that all feed into the same grid. So how does one State's plan affect another, and how--who coordinates reliability or capacity issues in that regard?    Mr. Perry. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I appreciate your indulgence.