    Mr. Sisk. Good afternoon. Chairman Meadows, Ranking Member Connolly, and members of the subcommittee, thank you for the opportunity to participate in today's hearing. My name is Bill Sisk, and I'm the acting Assistant Commissioner for the Office of General Supplies and Services in the Federal Acquisition Service at the General Services Administration.    GSA takes its responsibility for the surplus firearms donation program seriously and has implemented a number of changes to the program in response to the GSA inspector general's June 2015 report. GSA's Federal surplus personal property donation program makes the property that is surplus to the needs of the Federal Government available to State and local public agencies, eligible nonprofit organizations, and veterans service organizations.    The surplus firearms donation program enables law enforcement agencies to acquire firearms at little or no cost to support their mission. I'd like to thank GSA's inspector general for looking into this program at the request of the GSA Administrator and providing recommendations to assist in improving the program. GSA is working to complete the remaining actions to implement all four recommendations by the spring.    In response to the recommendation to implement a data management system to facilitate program maintenance, report, and oversight, GSA has created new data fields in GSAXcess to collect more complete information on the recipients of the donated firearms, and GSA is in the process of populating those new fields with data collected and the fiscal year 2016 inventory verification completed by the law enforcement agencies and State Agencies for Surplus Property. Regarding the recommendation about implementing a comprehensive inventory process, GSA has issued a standard operating procedure for requesting and processing donations, inventory and compliance, disposal and destruction, and internal controls.    For the recommendation about implementing standardized procedures for conducting and reporting donated firearms inventories, GSA has issued guidance to the State Agencies for Surplus Property on how to conduct inventories to help assist law enforcement agencies with their obligation to account for all donated firearms.    GSA also encourages law enforcement agencies to use voluntary consensus standards and other applicable standards to the maximum extent possible while adhering to State and local laws and regulations governing the asset management and inventory practices applicable to them. The remaining recommendation about providing inventory data to State Agencies for Surplus Property to facilitate reconciling inventory data from the GSA law enforcement agency information is on track to be completed in the spring.    Additionally, GSA is a member of the Federal Support for Law Enforcement Equipment Working Group, which addresses ways for the Federal Government to streamline programs that provide equipment and support to law enforcement agencies. The working group released recommendations in a report in May 2015. In line with the working group's recommendations, GSA has ceased donations of any items on the prohibited list, which includes grenade launchers. Per the working group's recommendations, our request and donations of controlled and prohibited equipment, GSA also issued policy guidance to regional offices and State Agencies for Surplus Property last fall. Since the firearms donation program began 15 years ago, 488 firearms have been reported as missing. Upon review of these firearms reported missing, 66 percent were, in fact, not missing but had been sold or traded by a law enforcement agency in violation of the terms of the conditional transfer required to be in compliance with receiving firearms through the surplus firearms donation program. In most instances, where the firearm is not under Federal Government restrictions, the sale or trade-in to a firearms manufacturer or licensed dealer is not inappropriate.    Due to the difficulties with tracking these firearms and ensuring that law enforcement agencies know which firearms have Federal Government restrictions, GSA is reevaluating its role in the firearms donation program. GSA is considering limiting the program to handguns and eliminating perpetual restrictions, meaning that the full title will transfer to the law enforcement agency after the initial statutory requirement to use the firearm for 12 months have passed. Elimination of perpetual restrictions will require GSA to modify the current Federal management regulation language on the donation of firearms, removing the requirement for perpetual restrictions.    GSA looks forward to keeping the committee updated regarding our progress, and we welcome the committee's and the OIG's oversight of this important program.    Thank you, again, for this opportunity to speak to all of you. I'm happy to answer any questions you might have.    Mr. Sisk. I don't know, Mr. Chairman, that I could explain why that took 10 years. I do know we share your concerns with our ability to keep track of an accurate inventory. I think that's part of the reason the agency asked the inspector general to come in and review the program. They've made some recommendations on how we can improve our ability to----    Mr. Sisk. Yes, sir.    Mr. Sisk. I don't know that I can speak for the former Administrator that asked for the review. I do think----    Mr. Sisk. The information that I received, sir, is that is what----    Mr. Sisk. I'm not sure.    Mr. Sisk. Okay, sir.    Mr. Sisk. I can absolutely see your concern, sir. I think, at the time, when the firearms were reported as missing, that we took the steps that were in our program at the time to report those as missing to the Office of Inspector General and then took administrative action on those----    Mr. Sisk. I believe it was this past fall, sir.    Mr. Sisk. Well, clearly, after we received the IG's report, sir, in June, we began working on the recommendations. There is definitely much more visibility on the program than there was previously. But we began work on the program then. We've made some of the changes with GSAXcess that are going to give us the ability to track this inventory much more closely than we could previously.    Mr. Sisk. It was issued prior to that, sir. I would have to go back and check my records. And I'd certainly be glad to get back to you, sir, with the date it was issued.    Mr. Sisk. We agreed with the IG's recommendations, yes, sir.    Mr. Sisk. Yes, sir, we believe we are.    Mr. Sisk. I was aware, sir, that the grenade launchers had been sold in 2012. I just received, actually, just the beginning of this hearing, that they had been found, yes, sir.    Mr. Sisk. Not a shock, no, sir. But I was not previously aware that they had been found.    Mr. Sisk. Sure. Sure. As I said----    Mr. Sisk. Yes, sir, I can.    Mr. Sisk. I believe 1999 is when----    Mr. Sisk. No, sir. For the GSA program, it comes from Federal law enforcement civilians.    Mr. Sisk. Yes, sir.    Mr. Sisk. Yes, sir.    Mr. Sisk. I don't know that we have a choice, sir. They never actually physically come into our custody?    Mr. Sisk. Yes, sir.    Mr. Sisk. Yes, sir. They would be with the Federal law enforcement agency. We would process the transfer through the State agency.    Mr. Sisk. Yes, sir.    Mr. Sisk. No, sir.    Mr. Sisk. Sure. The Federal property is reported to us through our GSAXcess program. The local State law enforcement agencies would work with their State Agency for Surplus Property to identify the need and identify the Federal material that was available for----    Mr. Sisk. I'm sorry, sir.    Mr. Sisk. Okay.    Mr. Sisk. Yes, sir. Federal agencies would identify the process--I'm sorry, the material or firearms in this case that were excess to their needs. And after a screening process through other Federal agencies, if no other Federal agency needs the firearms, it would become available for donation through the State Agencies for Surplus Property. So the State and local law enforcement agencies would work with their State Agency for Surplus Property to identify those needs.    Mr. Sisk. Yes, sir. There's no charge for--the material from us is donated, so it's not a bidding process.    Mr. Sisk. Yes, sir. It would be GSA's responsibility to allocate that material through one of the State agencies.    Mr. Sisk. Based on some general criteria of what the needs are of the State and local agencies. They try to have somewhat even distribution, if we have competition----    Mr. Sisk. Sure.    Mr. Sisk. I believe that need would have been identified by the local law enforcement agency working with their State Agency for Surplus Property that identified that those launchers were available through the Federal surplus program, yes, sir.    Mr. Sisk. I believe it's up to the State Agency for Surplus Property to identify that the local law enforcement agency----    Mr. Sisk. No, sir. Our role is definitely tracking the material, and we've, obviously, had some shortcomings there----    Mr. Sisk. Yes, sir. Right.    Mr. Sisk. I don't know, sir, if anybody did at the time. I can tell you that those items are now on the prohibited list, and we have ceased----    Mr. Sisk. Sure.    Mr. Sisk. Yes, sir.    Mr. Sisk. No, sir, that is not the purpose of the program.    Mr. Sisk. Yes, sir.    Mr. Sisk. They can sign--they signed a conditional transfer document, yes, sir.    Mr. Sisk. Yes, sir.    Mr. Sisk. Yes, sir.    Mr. Sisk. I don't know that I could speak to that, sir, whether it was willful or what their intent was.    Mr. Sisk. If you're speaking to the individual that directly runs the program, sir? I'm just trying to make sure I'm clear on the ``administrator.''    Mr. Sisk. I believe there's been two over the life of the program.    Mr. Sisk. Okay.    Mr. Sisk. I've been told the same thing, sir. She did not identify that need to me personally, but I've been told that that is accurate, yes, sir.    Mr. Sisk. 9,800, yes, sir.    Mr. Sisk. Yes, sir.    Mr. Sisk. That is currently not in our plans, sir. We're hoping with the new IT technology that's available to us and the improved inventory capabilities that we are going to have that----    Mr. Sisk. If it is not, sir, we are always willing to look to add more to improve the program going forward, yes, sir.    Mr. Sisk. Yes, sir. Our staff has been in contact with the folks at the Defense Logistics Agency.    Mr. Sisk. Well, for example, some of the new changes that we have made in the GSAXcess program, we're trying to model that interface to be similar to what DOD is doing, because they are two separate programs to administer by the State Agency for Surplus Property.    Mr. Sisk. We did have that conversation with DLA. I believe, because we operate under different authorities, they found that to be problematic.    Mr. Sisk. We do have continuing ongoing conversations with the State Agencies for Surplus Property. I'm not aware of any myself, sir, specifically directed to----    Mr. Sisk. I didn't personally, sir. I would have to go back and check to see if we did that and get back to the committee.    Mr. Sisk. Yes, sir.    Mr. Sisk. No, sir. Those are just some of the options that we are exploring strictly within the General Services Administration, and they are just options that we are considering going forward.    Mr. Sisk. I don't believe so, sir, as part of the working group. I believe that's part of prohibited materials for everybody.    Mr. Sisk. Yes, sir.    Mr. Sisk. Yes, ma'am. Roughly 66 percent of the firearms that were in care and custody of the local law enforcement agencies were either found to have been sold or traded in violation of our agreement with them.    Mr. Sisk. Yes, ma'am, that's my understanding.    Mr. Sisk. The rule was that they could not do that without GSA's consent.    Mr. Sisk. Again, weapons were in the care and custody of local law enforcement where they were identified in excess to the Federal Government's need, and the agreement with them was that they would not dispose of them without GSA's agreement.    Mr. Sisk. Yes, ma'am.    Mr. Sisk. Sure. Again, many of these firearms can, in many cases, be what is not controlled material. After the working group that has been established, we had prohibited equipment, controlled equipment, and then noncontrolled equipment, which would be the handguns and perhaps the shotguns that would generally be assigned to patrol officers.    Mr. Sisk. Yes, ma'am.    Mr. Sisk. Those weapons in particular, if they are in the custody of Federal law enforcement, the rules have changed now, that some of that, the grenade launchers specifically----    Mr. Sisk. Yes, ma'am. Again, after the working group has gotten together, those grenade launchers are now prohibited equipment.    Mr. Sisk. I believe the process would be for the Federal agency that has those--in this case, I believe those came from the FBI Academy at Quantico--that that material would have to go up for destruction.    Mr. Sisk. Yes, ma'am.    Mr. Sisk. Yes, ma'am.    Mr. Sisk. That's my understanding of their process, that they can recall those weapons. Again, be that's a DOD program.    Mr. Sisk. We're still trying to get some specific guidance on that particular issue from legal counsel. The material that we deal with the firearms are in the care and custody of local law enforcement. Our responsibility is to maintain an accurate inventory of those firearms, and clearly, we've had some issues there that we are working on with the GSA IG to get that fixed. If the actual legal transfers is a subject that we are still trying to seek additional guidance from legal counsel, and we'll be glad to do that and get back to you.    Mr. Sisk. We're the agency that has the legal authority----    Mr. Sisk. Yes, sir. Our expertise primarily is in donated excess personal property. Firearms, specifically, we don't really have a level of expertise in firearms themselves.    Mr. Sisk. It's currently one employee, sir.    Mr. Sisk. Currently, one employee, sir.    Mr. Sisk. For this particular program, yes, sir.    Mr. Sisk. It's part of a larger program, but we----    Mr. Sisk. Since the program's inception, our records indicate that 488 total have been reported missing.    Mr. Sisk. Yes, sir.    Mr. Sisk. I don't know that any of them specifically have been recovered. We do have a breakdown of how many were sold and traded: 30 of them actually--320 were either sold and traded; 30 were actually found after they were initially reported missing; 29 were either lost or stolen; 6 were destroyed; and 1, the police department actually had closed at one point. So----    Mr. Sisk. Yes, sir.    Mr. Sisk. Yes, sir.    Mr. Sisk. The primary principal part of that 320 were sold and/or traded improperly in violation of the conditional terms.    Mr. Sisk. We have, so far, 102 that we don't have information on, you know, what actually eventually happened to them, that they were reported missing or stolen, and there was not a resolution of that.    Mr. Sisk. Well, there are 9,836 that are currently in the program.    Mr. Sisk. Yes, sir.    Mr. Sisk. They all have been, sir. We don't--we never actually have them in our custody.    Mr. Sisk. Yes, sir, State and local law enforcement agencies. All 488----    Mr. Sisk. Yes, sir.    Mr. Sisk. Not that I'm aware of, sir. I believe the only thing GSA had that was now on the prohibited list was the grenade launchers.    Mr. Sisk. No, sir. We're working with our legal counsel. We're asking for voluntary return of those items. Our legal counsel is giving us some additional guidance on whether or not we have the authority to recall those grenade launchers.    Mr. Sisk. Yes, sir. We absolutely follow the executive order. And we've issued guidance that we're no longer going to facilitate the donation of items that are on the prohibited list. The issue comes into play where we have a conditional transfer document that was in place for the 22 grenade launchers that we still know exist with local law enforcement agencies, if they've not violated the conditions of that agreement, if we can force them to return those grenade launchers.    Mr. Sisk. For items that are on the controlled equipment list, the law enforcement agencies that we donate to would have to absolutely comply with that additional training requirement, yes, sir.    Mr. Sisk. I believe we work through the State agencies for surplus property to make sure that was done.    Mr. Sisk. I don't know, sir, that that would apply to equipment that's already out there, that would be the grenade launchers in our case. I would have to get back to the committee on that question.    Mr. Sisk. Again, I don't know that I can speak, sir, exactly to what the need was for that equipment at the time that it was donated. We do know that it's there. We've still got track of 22 of the items. And we no longer will facilitate the donation for prohibited items.    Mr. Sisk. Yes, sir.    Mr. Sisk. Yes, sir. We're exploring different options right now. For noncontrolled equipment, things like handguns that a patrol officer would normally carry, the intent of the program is if the Federal agency has excess material that the local law enforcement could use, then we would transfer that property to their use.    Mr. Sisk. It would be a clean transfer of title to the local law enforcement agencies.    Mr. Sisk. It's an idea that the agency is exploring internally. Nothing has been finalized. No decisions have been made. But if it is for noncontrolled equipment--for example, 9mm pistols--that State and local law enforcement has and manages all the time----    Mr. Sisk. The inventory was that is currently in place, sir, we're doing everything we can to follow the IG's recommendations to make sure----    Mr. Sisk. One of the things that we are considering is looking at removing the perpetual restrictions for noncontrolled equipment, specifically for handguns, that would be going forward. If it's actually better for local law enforcement that those handguns that would be transferred to them would be under all the rules and regulations----    Mr. Sisk. We're trying to do what makes sense to follow----    Mr. Sisk. Sir, it is one of the recommendations that we're exploring. It's not----    Mr. Sisk. The conversations probably began around that several weeks ago.    Mr. Sisk. Yes, sir.    Mr. Sisk. Legal counsel reviewed my testimony. The 12-month requirement, I believe, is a statutory requirement. And I believe it's also so that we're not just donating things to----    Mr. Sisk. I'm sorry, sir, the title of the equipment?    Mr. Sisk. Yes, sir. We donate material that's, right, that's----    Mr. Sisk. Yes, sir.    Mr. Sisk. One of the options we explored, sir, is if for noncontrolled equipment, if it should be transferred like any other kind of property that we transfer to State agencies for surplus property that don't have the perpetual requirement for inventory----    Mr. Sisk. I understand what you're saying, sir. The intent----    Mr. Sisk. The intent of exploring that option was to look to see if----    Mr. Sisk. Yes, sir. But we are transferring this material through the State Agency for Surplus Property to State and local law enforcement.    Mr. Sisk. I----    Mr. Sisk. Sure. In the same sense that any other material that we donate through the State Agency for Surplus Property, yes, sir.    Mr. Sisk. And I'm sorry, sir. And I appreciate the opportunity to clarify that. There would still be a requirement that the equipment would be kept and used for 12 months. That requirement would not go away.    Mr. Sisk. In a sense, sir, the entire program that we run, the donation program through the State Agency for Surplus Property, where we transfer excess property or surplus property from the Federal Government to the State and local agencies, in a sense, sir, we are providing equipment.    Mr. Sisk. No, sir. I don't believe they would.    Mr. Sisk. Sir, we're fixing the problems, sir, there with the inventory process. We absolutely agree with you that the process was not--it had shortcomings, and we're fixing that. We are exploring different options on how to improve the process going forward. None of these decisions are final. We are----    Mr. Sisk. Yes, sir, they were. So we're going to continue to work with our Office of Inspector General. We're going to work with our Office of Government-wide Policy just to explore different options. And we would certainly welcome the committee's input as well.    Mr. Sisk. I believe it was 73, sir.    Mr. Sisk. Yes, sir.    Mr. Sisk. I understand that, sir.    Mr. Sisk. I certainly understand that, sir. I think the intent of the program was where the Federal Government had excess firearms that could help local law enforcement, that that was the purpose of the program, was to get that equipment to local law enforcement.    Mr. Sisk. Yes, sir. We definitely have issues with our inventory process, yes, sir, that we're addressing.    Mr. Sisk. Yes, sir.