    Ms. Jacinto. Mr. Chairman, and members of the subcommittee, thank you for taking the time to listen to my story. My name is Karla Jacinto and today I have a voice, but for more than 4 years of my life from the age of 12, as a little girl whose mother had thrown her out on the streets, open to anyone wanting to take advantage of my vulnerabilities, I fell prey to a professional pimp who after 3 months of wooing and me treating me as a princess, propped me up on a corner and forced me to work the streets for his own gain. For years and years I was coerced, intimidated, threatened, beaten, robbed of my children and emotionally and sexually violated time and time again.    During those years, I was forced to serve every type of fetish imaginable to more than 40,000 clients. Of those, many were foreigners visiting my city looking to have sexual interactions with minors like me.    Please try to put yourself in my shoes, broken, abandoned, violated, hurt, denigrated, and enslaved at a time when I should have been playing with dolls and looking forward to a fun day at school.    Today I am thankful to be able to stand before you as a reintegrated woman. At the age of 16, a man that had become a regular client was able to see beyond the short-term pleasure into the eyes of a broken girl. He helped me escape and I entered from the Fundacion Camino a Casa shelter. There I received the help, care, time, attention and love that I needed to put the broken pieces of my soul back together.    I also met Rosi Orozco, who has helped me grow into the activist I am today. I am 22, and for the last 5 years, my life has been dedicated to raising my voice to anyone willing to hear that we exist, that there are thousands of little girls in my country being used for the pleasure of those who only live for their own desires, economic gain, and exertion of power.    It is up to us, both governments and nongovernment organizations to work together to prevent this crime, punish those who commit them, to look and rescue for those who are already caught in the web, and to provide the care necessary for their healing and reintegration into a healthy society. No one person can do it himself or herself. We are all responsible. We are all affected, and we can all do something.    Today, your people have chosen you to have a position of influence that can truly make a difference. And I hope that my story will help you make some choices that will put a stop to this horrible crime. Thank you.    Ms. Jacinto. My daughter. Because she was taken away from me when she was born. That is when I really started fighting. When she was born, when she was 1 month old she was taken away from me, and for 1 full year.    Ms. Jacinto. No, no, no, the pimp, or the crime organization took her from me, extortion, so they could continue.    When they took her from me, that is what gave me the strength to pull through, and one of the regular clients recognized my situation and helped me escape and recuperate my daughter. When they gave her back to me she had burns in her cheeks. Every day while I was in the shelter, I wanted to learn how to be a good mother to my daughter so that our children, because most of the girls that are there, we have children, do not fall prey to this crime.    I would never ever, ever want to go back to that place because in that situation you become an object, a sexual object. You have no other identity. And that is what makes me stand here today and raise my voice to say ``enough.''    Ms. Jacinto. Congresswoman Wagner, I would like to commend the work that you are doing on behalf of me and the girls that I now know are in the shelters. I know a very good friend of mine called Anita, she is in the book that Rosi provided for you, who was sold in advertisements in the newspaper. And it is exactly because of Anita's testimony in our Congress that Mexico has already adopted a law against this type of advertising. So thank you for working on that. I would also like to thank Tim and OUR and Attorney General Reyes for the work they do. In our shelter in Mexico City, we have a rescued victim that OUR rescued. Her name is Bibi. She lives with us, and I work directly with her helping her with her whole process. So we are happy to say that there are places where the girls that they rescue end up being well taken care of.    Ms. Jacinto. Yeah, a dry cleaning.    Ms. Jacinto. Mr. Chairman, would you mind repeating the person that wrote the program?