    Mr. Gohmert. Well, Director Comey, thank you for being here. I don't think I ever told you, but back in July-August timeframe of 2007, I was talking with a powerful Democratic Senator, and we agreed that you had a great reputation for justice, honorable man that would potentially be a good Attorney General. It ended up being Mukasey, but you were discussed very favorably by both sides of the aisle, people unlikely to be talking, but we appreciate your work.    I want to touch on something my friend Steve King brought up. I know there's a lot of talk about how we need to have reform and people being released from prison, but as someone who has worked with the system, you prosecuted, I prosecuted, I've been a judge, I've been court-appointed to defend, and isn't it true that some people that actually plead to nonviolent offenses do so as part of a plea agreement where the prosecutor drops a gun charge or some charge of violence in order to get a plea in the case and a lesser sentence, haven't you seen that happen?    Mr. Gohmert. Yes. And so that's why for someone like me, who's a former judge, who saw those kind of plea agreements take place, even though I was in the State side, it's shocking to see people come from the outside and say this wasn't a fair sentence without really considering what could have been prosecuted, what could have been pursued, and what was, you know, a transaction or an agreement between a prosecutor and defense attorney that the judge considered all the circumstances and came down on the side of the agreement.    Now, I want to touch on something else you had said about with Iraq refugees, you had a database, apparently, of fingerprints from IEDs, evidence that had been obtained from Iraq. Did I understand that correctly?    Mr. Gohmert. Now, with regard to the masses of Syrian refugees, I'm not aware of a lot of IEDs evidence we've gotten from which you could get fingerprints. Is there such a database?    Mr. Gohmert. Right.    Mr. Gohmert. Well, and that goes to a concern of mine. I'm not the biggest fan of the U.N., but they have data pulled from their Web site this morning that says--starting off at more than 43 million people worldwide are now forcibly displaced as a result of a conflict and persecution, and it goes on to say that children constitute about 41 percent of the world's refugees, and about half of all refugees are women.    So it was very disturbing to pull this from the U.N. Web site in September that says of the 381,412 arrivals that came across the Mediterranean sea just this year, up to September, that 15 percent were children, 13 percent were women, and 72 percent were men, and then when you take that along with our DNI James Clapper saying that this provides a prime opportunity for Islamic State groups to attack Western targets--he said, ``It's a disaster of biblical proportions''--and then you take statements that have been made by ISIS leaders themselves that they have been able to place more than 4,000 warriors in with the refugees, this inordinate number of men, has that spiked concern in the FBI, along with what you've testified before about ISIS having people in every State?    Mr. Gohmert. But without a good fingerprint database, without good identification, I mean, how can you be sure that anyone is who they say they are? You don't have fingerprints to go against it. They've got documents that say they're one--I've been there on the border when I've watched people exchange identification information and decide to use the other ones. Is there a good way to avoid that that the FBI is able to use?    Mr. Gohmert. Thank you. My time is expired.    I yield back.