    Ms. Norton. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    I don't know how to describe what we've seen here: Boys going wild; out of sight, out of mind. But what we do know and what most concerns me is how these prostitutes were funded. We are--it looks like we have implicated taxpayer funds, that some may have come out of official funds and some out of cartel funds. It's hard for me to know which is worse.    But it does seem pretty clear that we may be dealing, to be sure, with a cultural problem but with a cultural problem that has--is so deep that it is now a problem of corruption. And I say that because I'm looking at some of the excerpts from the reports where apparently there were corroborating witnesses. And some of this is so eye-popping, I'm going to have to ask you what is your response. You know, I'm not going to ask you about why you don't fire people because I do understand that when the State--that's the United States or any of its agents--is an actor, then, due process, of course, requires you to go through certain processes; after all, those processes have been put there by the Congress of the United States.    So I'm going to ask you whether--about some things that perhaps you could do. This corroborating witness Stated, he recalled that the ASAC, that's the Assistant Special Agent in Charge, I believe, that his farewell party where part of the--that was in 2003 and 2004--where part of the money requested from an operational budget--those are the operative terms, ``operational budget''--was used for his party. He Stated that the--his party was organized by the assistant special agent in charge and that he paid 500,000 pesos--that's approximately $261--for each prostitute with funds from an operational budget. Now, I want to try to identify what that means.    What is the purpose, Ms. Leonhart, of an operational budget? Is it taxpayer funds?    Ms. Norton. So it's given--taxpayer funds are given to them. So what we're talking about funds that were paid, not by--in this case, out of the operational budget, it looks like, by agents. Who is responsible for accounting for these funds in the regional office?    Ms. Norton. Now, if that's the case--since, of course, you have indicated--and I understand why you can't precipitously fire someone as if this were the private sector when the State is an agent--would that fund continue to be under the same supervision if you had--having this kind of information as it was before?    Ms. Norton. I am.    Ms. Norton. Well, I didn't ask you that.    Ms. Norton. I'm asking how the operational--and now how is the operational budget dealt with? In other words, now it is not in control of the agents themselves to pass out this money to Bogota or anybody else? Is it controlled from your office?    Ms. Norton. Well, according to this cooperating witness, the--again, the word ``operational''--operational budgets were presented to the DEA, and there was additional information here--and I want to quote--for additional funds--apparently not enough funds were in the operational budget--for additional funds which were used for prostitution and parties for agents.    Are you aware of that allegation that they didn't have enough so they went back and got some more funds?    Ms. Norton. Yes.    Ms. Norton. In other words, fraudulent budgets?    Ms. Norton. You can't wipe--you can't wash the hands of the office. Look, this is a corroborating witness here who Stated that the operational budgets were presented to the DEA to cover operational expenses. So it doesn't seem to me you can wash your hands of that as the DEA or that they could have washed their hands of that.    Has someone looked back at how these funds were expended during this period so that you could now lay out exactly what happened during this period? Part of the problem here and the frustration, I think, of the committee is that it's taken so long because you had no policy to go up the chain of command. And so you can tell me, well, this was 2003 and 2004. But I will tell you, if I was there, I'd want to know exactly what happened then so I'd make sure it wasn't happening now.    Ms. Norton. From that period? From that period?    Ms. Norton. Because we understand, again, from one of these cooperating witnesses, he could obtain--and this is a quote, ``Prostitutes for agents from the DEA Bogota office.'' This is what the cooperating witness said: He could--he would pay the girls to come to the parties and then the agents would pay the girls directly for any sex they wanted. He recalled getting prostitutes for these 15 to 20 parties.    Weren't the DEA agents in Colombia there to crack down on the agents who were--on the cartels who were given funds to pay for these parties?