    Mr. Palmer. Thank you.    Mr. Lazzeri, what is the meaning of verbal agreements covered by the rule?    Mr. Palmer. Okay. What is the meaning of a verbal agreement covered by the rule?    Mr. Palmer. Well, following on Mr. Meadows' questions and how you have gone from giving permits to companies like Mr. Cottingham's organization to operate on Federal land, you've now decided that that verbal agreement or that permit is now a contract, and so you're going to impose this wage standard.    Mr. Cottingham and Mr. Brown, you can respond to this as well if you'd like. The Department of Labor has contended that the outfitters have failed to consider that their sales might increase due to better service being offered by employees with higher morale. Are your employees suffering a low morale?    Mr. Palmer. Mr. Brown.    Mr. Palmer. Well, these businesses are different anyway from traditional businesses in that they are seasonal and they're subject to a different minimum wage requirement. Would that be an accurate statement?    Mr. Palmer. All right. The guides and outfitters typically operate by paying the Federal Government for a permit to provide certain services to the consumers on Federal lands. How would you distinguish--and this is for you, Mr. Brown. How would you distinguish this permit arrangement from traditional contracts entered into between other entities?    Mr. Palmer. Mr. Lazzeri, having heard his response, why is it the Department of Labor now classifies these as contract-like instruments?    Mr. Palmer. But you've never defined it like that before until now.    Mr. Palmer. Okay. I want to go back to a line of questions that Mr. Meadows was on, and he asked you if you had ever had a seasonal business. Have you ever worked for a business?    Mr. Palmer. Have you ever owned a business?    Mr. Palmer. Okay. I doubt you'll be able answer this, but I'll throw it out just in case. Anyone involved in this process making this determination have--how many of those have ever owned a business?    Mr. Palmer. My guess is, Mr. Lazzeri, that most of you never--not only never owned a business, you probably haven't worked for a business, which I think explains a lot of how we come up with some of these policies that impact groups like Mr. Cottingham's and industries like Mr. Brown represents, and it--it is one of those areas that kind defies common sense. It's rulemaking outside of an area of expertise that does not do any good. It doesn't increase morale, and it doesn't--it doesn't help create an environment where these businesses can make a living and thrive and offer opportunities for a lot of young people like Mr. Brown is talking about. It just makes no sense.    Thank you, Madam Chairman.    Mr. Palmer. I want to go back to that previous question. Thank you, Madam Chairman.    You were saying that it would increase productivity and efficiency, but earlier in the rule it says increased costs can be offset in contract negotiations entered into by the businesses and its suppliers and consumers. This would imply that those people who did your little analysis might have anticipated that there'd be a cost increase.    And you said this would--it also said this would either mean the payments it makes to the Forest Service and other land managements agencies or to customers who are Americans, usually a taxpayer, on land. Will the Department of Labor ensure that other Federal land management entities such as the Forest Service, for instance, will charge guides and outfitters less for public land permits to make up for the increased labor costs caused by the executive order? Any plans for that?    Mr. Palmer. Before you started--before you put forth this rule, did you sit down with anyone from the Forest Service, Bureau of Land Management, any of these other agencies that deal directly with these businesses to discuss with them how this might impact these businesses?    Mr. Palmer. So are you saying that you did sit down with the Forest Service and discuss how this would impact these businesses?    Mr. Palmer. And would you be willing to share that with the committee?    Mr. Palmer. Madam Chairman, I would like to request that any documented discussions that they had with the Forest Service be provided to the committee.    Mr. Palmer. Mr. Brown, about a year ago on behalf of the American Outdoor Association you wrote a letter to Director Ziegler, I think it was in July of last year, and asking what is the meaning of verbal agreements covered by the rule. Did you get a response?    Mr. Palmer. Mr. Lazzeri, and, Madam Chairman, I would like for Director Ziegler to provide a response to Mr. Brown's letter to Mr. Brown and to the committee, if I may ask for that.    Mr. Palmer. Thank you.    Mr. Palmer. The Forest Service doesn't view permits as contracts or contract-like instruments. Can you give me some explanation as to why the Department of Labor has decided to equate permits to contracts?    Mr. Palmer. All right.    Mr. Palmer. Madam Chairman, I yield the balance of my time. Thank you.