    Mr. Littlehale. Chairman Goodlatte, Ranking Member Conyers, Members of the Committee, thank you for inviting me to testify. I'm a technical investigator in Tennessee, and I serve on the technology committee of the Association of State Criminal Investigative Agencies. As you know, State and local law enforcement agencies work the vast majority of criminal investigations in this country. Lawful access to electronic evidence is critical for us in those cases every day, and H.R. 699, in its current form, does not sufficiently protect that access.    To give you some sense of the volume of potential electronic evidence in our cases, consider a stranger abduction of a 4-day-old infant in Nashville. Over the course of an intensive 4-day investigation, my unit processed and explored leads on hundreds of telephone numbers, social media accounts, computers, and mobile devices. At a time when every second counts, my fellow agents and I spend a significant amount of time simply trying to make contact with various providers to declare an emergency, calling and recalling to make sure that our process was received and expedited. We had to process hundreds of leads, any one of which could have been the key to finding the victim.    Volume alone isn't the only issue. We must also contend with a lack of structure governing responsiveness. In another Amber alert investigation, we received a lead that the creator of a posting on a social media platform may have information about the child's location. When we contacted the provider, they noted that ECPA's emergency provision is permissive rather than mandatory and demanded legal process before they turn over the records.    We know H.R. 699 has a great deal of support, but we believe much of that support is based on only one part of the bill, creating a uniform probable cause standard for stored content. Advocates for ECPA reform argue that the contents of an email or document stored in the cloud should be subject to the same protections as a letter in your desk drawer at home. H.R. 699 would do that, but it goes farther to create an enhanced statutory framework of proof standards, notice requirements, and expand the definitions of covered records that you would give greater protection for records stored by third-party service providers than for that envelope in your desk. And it would do this without extending any of the tools that law enforcement can use to obtain evidence in the physical world after we demonstrate probable cause to a neutral magistrate and get a warrant, like law enforcement controlled warrant exceptions and warrant execution timelines.    Bringing ECPA into balance should put the physical and digital worlds on the same plane, not favor digital evidence over physical evidence. H.R. 699 should be amended to reflect a more balanced approach that protects privacy and ensures that law enforcement can access the evidence it needs, and when we get a warrant, it should behave like a warrant not a subpoena with a higher proof requirement.    Demonstrating probable cause to a neutral magistrate should allow us to gather evidence with the same timeliness and effectiveness that we would expect in the real world.    The notice provisions in the bill would require us to describe our case to targets of a criminal investigation, even as we're pursuing leads. That endangers investigations. We also urge the Committee to carefully balance the need for notification against the resource burden it places on us. Time spent complying with arbitrary timelines means less time investigating crimes and could compromise sensitive information.    I urge you to ensure that whatever standard of proof you decide is appropriate, you also ensure that law enforcement can access the evidence we need reliably and quickly. Speed is important in all investigations, and ECPA reform should impose structure on service providers' response to legal demands. A requirement for automated exchange of legal process and records with service providers would help speed access to evidence, provide transparency, and authenticate law enforcement process.    Warrants under EPCA should look like warrants everywhere else. That means that standard exceptions to the warrant requirement like exigency and consent should exist, and law enforcement should control whether or not they are invoked, just like we can do when executing warrants in the physical world. Everybody agrees that law enforcement should have rapid access to communications evidence in a life-threatening emergency, but that is not always the reality.    Industry and privacy groups suggest that some law enforcement emergency declarations are unfounded, but those are unreviewed unilateral determinations. Isn't law enforcement on the ground in the best position to assess the presence or absence of defensible exigency in a particular case? We already do it in other contexts all the time, and there is an existing body of case law in the courts to determine whether or not we are correct.    In closing, I want to re-emphasize how important both aspects of ECPA are to our Nation's criminal investigators. We agree that ECPA should be updated, but any effort to reform it should reflect its original balance between assuring law enforcement access to evidence through legal demands and protecting customer privacy.    The balance proposed by H.R. 699 goes too far in extending all the burdens of the traditional search warrant scheme to a much broader range of records without any of the common law exceptions, while requiring us to give unprecedented notice to investigative targets just because the evidence we're seeking is electronic.    Thank you for having me here today, and I look forward to your questions.    Mr. Littlehale. Mr. Chairman, in traditional search warrant practice on the premises to be to served----    Mr. Littlehale. Sorry, Mr. Chairman. In traditional search warrant practice, the requirement is simply that law enforcement leave a copy of the warrant and an inventory of items seized on the premises to be searched.    And in the analogy to a service provider, an entity that is in possession of evidence, we serve a copy of the warrant on them, and we give them notice of the fact that we're requiring them to produce the records.    H.R. 699 imposes an additional set of requirements that we actually discuss something about the nature of our investigation that goes beyond what's required in traditional search warrant practice.    Mr. Littlehale. Yes, it would be.    Mr. Littlehale. Congressman, I believe that the due process provided by the SEC proposal offers a significant amount of protection, the same sort of protection contemplated by the Fourth Amendment, and I believe that the courts would view that as sufficient protection.    Mr. Littlehale. Yes, Congressman, I share that concern.    Mr. Littlehale. I believe that the bill imposes additional limitations on traditional search warrant practice. And even if the standard of proof governing an additional category of records as contemplated in the bill is given, we will have less authority with respect to those records than we would with records in the physical world, yes.    Mr. Littlehale. Thank you, Congressman. If all we were interested in is extending and leveling the playing field for the 180-day rule and content, this bill would be a page long. The notice provisions that you're talking about, along with the additional protections that the bill provides, are one of the great reasons that we're concerned about it. While I certainly think that we would like to have a conversation, I think those are a little bit more than issues around the edges.    I mean, the body of our concern about the bill is that when we get a warrant, we want it to mean something. That's true on the earlier point with respect to encryption. You know, if I serve a search warrant on somebody, I want to have access to that evidence. And in many instances now, I don't. Well, I want to find that evidence in other places. And if it's denied to me because of delays or because of burdensome notice provisions, those slow me down. They make me less effective as an investigator. And I believe that this Committee should undertake a robust review of what this bill is going to do to the----    Mr. Littlehale. Congressman, as I stated in response to the question at the time, I have made the decision not to identify, in the examples that I give, specific providers because I don't want to highlight a vulnerability in a public forum. There may come a time when we do have to disclose that.    Mr. Littlehale. Well, I can certainly say anecdotally that the agents----    Mr. Littlehale . That I work with have been told that by providers.    Mr. Littlehale. I have been told that by providers, yes.    Mr. Littlehale. Well, I'd say I would suggest that I do have evidence. I have been told that by providers.    Mr. Littlehale. Congressman, I would suggest that that's evidence. If you choose not to believe me, then I suppose I can't help you with that, but I have been told and agents that work for me have been told that in some cases.