    Dr. Grant. Thank you very much for the opportunity. As my colleagues have said, America's bomber force is one of the truly unique tools of our national security and our international diplomacy. Sadly, today we have at any one time only 16 combat-ready B-2 bombers that are able to take on the most heavily defended types of targets, and it is this situation that we are setting out to correct.    I want to speak very briefly to the capabilities and employment concepts of the bomber and then touch on how the Air Force will manage this program. The first capability, of course, is access, and that does still very much mean stealth. Stealth remains a fundamental design requirement, and we should expect to see improved stealth techniques that have advanced beyond the B-2 and will include electronic warfare and other state-of-the-art survivability techniques.    Range and payload, of course, are what define a bomber and separate it from other types of aircraft. Recall that every bomber design has had to make a tradeoff from the B-17 right to the B-2. So we may expect to see, of course, excellent range, but that will be defined as range from leaving the tanker track. Payload will be a mix of munitions, both the small precise munitions and the heavy munitions for hardened and deeply buried targets. We don't know what parameters the Air Force has chosen this time, but we will expect to see something that has blurred the distinctions between global and theater attack.    Also I think highly important and new in this Long-Range Strike Bomber program will be an open software architecture. That will be very important because this bomber will be new in its communications and data link relay abilities. It should be able to immediately join not only the SATCOM but the aerial layer networks, those IP -enabled networks that now define the gold standard in battlespace communications.    We expect, of course, for this bomber to roll off with the basics of nuclear capability installed but to proceed to certify that capability quite a bit later after it completes initial flight tests. Most of all I want to see some upgrade capacity here in the winning design. Our bomber will reach initial operating capability perhaps in the mid-2020s--or just a touch later--but continue to operate and fly missions until 2055 and beyond. This bomber, therefore, has to have the ability to do what is asked of it now and also to do a bit more as we look for upgrades and new mission capabilities over time. That means planning now for the airframe with the classic power, space, and cooling, and ability to accommodate those upgrades.    What will this bomber do specifically? It will, of course, participate in the battlespace under joint force commander direction. It will draw on ISR , on tankers, and many other things. It will be dependent on stealth fighters, too. But it will have some very unique roles, and those include direct attack; the ability to drop a bomb; not a cruise missile, per se, because cruise missiles are--and other standoff weapons--are not always of capable of taking out every type of target this bomber may be assigned to strike.    We expect that targets in the future that are the most difficult will be a combination of mobile and of separate deeply buried targets. This is a very tough target set, and we need a penetrating bomber with the ability to take out those targets and hold them at risk. We also will see perhaps extensive target sets. A consideration we might not have thought through 5 years ago, but the bomber force here remains a unique strategic tool. It will have to do things like suppress airfields; counter enemy air defenses; and perhaps help hunt, destroy, and contain enemy surface naval vessels and submarines. This points us towards a highly capable force but one that also is big enough to be persistent across these missions. And I echo General Elder's concern; 80 to 100 is a start. I think closer to 150 might be better to assure the persistence in sortie generation.    Let me conclude with a remark about risk reduction and how the Air Force will manage this program. We all are awaiting a down select, and we want to see the best possible stewardship of this important national security capability. The Air Force says that it has taken a rather different approach with this bomber. It has funded both teams to conduct extensive risk reduction of the designs. What this means to us is that the winning design will be far more mature than other types of aircraft programs. And specifically, I believe, quite a bit more mature than the B-2 at a comparable stage of development. This winning design should go into EMD with some critical work already carried out. For instance, the Air Force has said that they have identified specific risk areas to include propulsion integration--that is the engines--and integration of apertures and antennae, and conducted specific risk-reduction work in these areas. This again marks a bold and different approach, something quite distinct from what we saw with B-2, F-22, or F-35. This means that the Department of Defense's final choice of a winner should reflect analysis of capability, of the ability to proceed quickly through engineering, manufacturing, and development. And it should also reflect some analysis of the winning team's ability to proceed directly toward manufacturing.    To sum it up, the Air Force appears to have taken a rather bold approach, and what this means is we should expect to see a far more mature design. That should also give us in the end confidence in two things: One is the ability to adhere to cost targets from the EMD phase forward; and the second is that the Air Force should be certain that its winning design really has those mandated capabilities and the extra margins that it needs, not only for upgrade capacity for the future, power, cooling, et cetera.    Of course, there are many things in the end that can affect a program, but the risk reduction is unique in this case, has been carried out with a great deal of forethought, and I think should give us a very confident basis from which to proceed to develop a new Long-Range Strike Bomber. Thank you.    Dr. Grant. In the process? In my opinion, the Air Force has taken a very deliberate and careful path. It has chosen an unusual and very, I think, successful acquisition strategy as it works through the process of taking the two teams down to contract award.    I personally wish that the Air Force and the Department of Defense would minimize some of the classification around the acquisition aspects of the program, obviously not jeopardizing national security capabilities, but I would like to see the Department of Defense tell us a bit more about how they have conducted this process. Based on what the Air Force has said, they have taken unusual steps to take risk reduction much further than in any program we have seen in many a decade.    Dr. Grant. That is a very good question, and the first step of many in that is to go forward with a design that is closer to being ready to produce and go into flight test. And here I applaud what the Air Force says it has done, which is essentially to wait awhile on the award process. So instead--as was the case with B-2 in 1981, with F-22 in 1990, and F-35 in 2001--you can do this either way, but in those prior programs, the Air Force did less analysis of the contenders prior to EMD. What they say they have now done building on some lessons of the past decade and using a different procurement organization, the Rapid Capabilities Office, which is a joint body between--obviously run by DOD--but with DOD and Air Force leadership.    Dr. Grant. It is within the process, but it would have----    Ms. Grant. They apparently have done a great many things, but I am not sure of those specifically. Once this is done, if I may just address the case of Long-Range Strike Bomber, the Air Force says they have used a smaller team. They have funded both teams to do much more extensive risk-reduction work. So they have asked them to analyze not just how this aircraft will look and fly and meet some minimum standards, but to look several layers down into the produceability and maintainability. That is a very important step one. Sir, as you rightly point out, there are many steps to come with this, but moving into EMD with a more mature design is the best possible start for this to really set a new path and get us the capability more quickly and on cost.    Dr. Grant. A difficult analysis to make. You know what? They are both very complex aircraft. All right? I would say F-35 is more complex because of its tri-service and allied requirements. And one more thing I think is important for us to understand: The Long-Range Strike Bomber will build on the lessons of at least the past two decades in development of stealth, integration of AESA radar, and many other things. So I think we are looking at a bomber program that this time is building on things that are already in hand, maybe even some things you and I don't know about, but that they know about and are able to put this into production more quickly. So I think they have done--by using more mature technology than we have seen in cases where technology had to be developed to meet the requirements, we see really a conservative approach to a great new capability.    Dr. Grant. Right. Obviously, as we haven't done source selection, we don't know what we are talking about, and I'm not an official. But you are absolutely on the right track. What B-2, F-22, and F-35 asked was to develop technologies in order to meet those thresholds. Long-Range Strike Bomber I think will have some great new stuff but is able to take advantage of more mature technology development in several key areas, and that should make a difference.    Dr. Grant. If I may start with that, an excellent question. I think two things are highly important: One, our aircraft today are so information dependent. This new bomber will have a tremendous advantage because it is not like the B-2 that needs to be upgraded or B-52. It will come out with that open mission system architecture. That means that we can add devices in almost as easily as if you add an app on a phone. So that is a tremendous advantage in keeping it relevant.    The Air Force has also said that they intend to fund the science and technology development for continual upgrades and to feed that funding line through. So, yes, I think we have every confidence that it will be able to be upgraded and stay relevant across that 40-year service life.    Dr. Grant. It comes down to two things: First, your excellent question. What happens if we don't get a new bomber? If we don't get a new bomber, our adversaries will hide and keep in sanctuary hostile military capabilities, like anti-satellite weapons, like potential weapons of mass destruction. And these capabilities will threaten our national security and the world we live in, and we won't be able to do anything about it.    Second question, should we buy this bomber, the one that is coming to down select? And I say yes. I think this is the one. But from what the Air Force has said, they have conducted more risk reduction. They have taken a new approach, and they have built on tremendous technologies from other programs. This is the one to buy. We can't afford the risk of waiting. Thank you very much.