    Mr. Ratcliffe. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Commissioner Koskinen, I have listened to you today. I want to make sure that I am summarizing the testimony that I have heard from you and the things that I have heard you say today. I think you've been candid in some of your testimony today, but I want to make sure I am summarizing what has happened on your watch as the commissioner of the IRS for the last 2 years and 9 months.    So I think you have acknowledged that there have been some failures by the IRS under your watch with respect to the retention and preservation of documents. Correct?    Mr. Ratcliffe. And I think you have acknowledged that there have been failures by the IRS under your watch with respect to the production of documents and other evidence. Correct?    Mr. Ratcliffe. Well, you have acknowledged failures by the IRS to testify accurately under oath, specifically yourself on a number of occasions. Correct?    Mr. Ratcliffe. There is a difference between testifying truthfully and testifying to the best of your knowledge. Correct?    Mr. Ratcliffe. Let me reclaim my time here. You told the OGR Committee that you would produce all of Lois Lerner's subpoenaed emails. That wasn't true.    Mr. Ratcliffe. That wasn't my question.    Mr. Ratcliffe. You didn't produce all of her emails. Did you?    Mr. Ratcliffe. And on June 20, when you said the IRS had preserved every email, that wasn't true?    Mr. Ratcliffe. So it is not true. And of course, as Congressman Gowdy asked you when you said nothing had been lost or destroyed, that was not true.    Mr. Ratcliffe. So in light of all that----    Mr. Ratcliffe. In light of those failures, failures to retain documents, preserve documents, testify accurately, I would hope that you would appreciate why it is legitimate for folks to wonder if they should take you at your word that erasing--the erasing of the tapes and the destruction of evidence was accidental, as you have characterized it.    Mr. Ratcliffe. Yeah. Let me stop you there. Because you have talked about, about how the Department of Justice and how the IG have investigated that and how they have backed you up with respect to it being accidental. But the bad news for you, commissioner, is that being cleared by the Department of Justice in this Administration unfortunately doesn't carry much weight with the American people anymore, not since the attorney general started handing out get-out-of-jail free cards to Obama administration officials like most of us hand out candy on Halloween.    But while we are on the subject, let me ask you this question: In the days before that investigation was closed by the Department of Justice, you didn't happen to have a clandestine but accidental meeting with the attorney general on a plane or a tarmac somewhere, did you?    Mr. Ratcliffe. Okay. Well, I hope you can appreciate why I would ask that. Because there is certainly a precedent for that type of thing happening.    Regardless of whether this was accidental, let me concede to you for purposes of your answer that this was accidental. It seems to me, based on what I have heard from your testimony today, that you don't think there should be consequences as a result of that. You know, for ordinary Americans, even if it is an accident, let's say someone gets in a car accident, if someone dies because of it, there are consequences.    Now, someone might get charged with manslaughter, they might get charged with vehicular homicide, they might get charged or they might be sued civilly for gross negligence or negligence. The consequences may be criminal. They may be civil. But there will be consequences. And that is the way our justice system is set up.    But for you and the folks in the IRS, it seems to me that you want a different system and a different set of rules where--one where you can say it was an accident, I am sorry, just move on. And to that point, let me ask you, since you took office to restore confidence and in your words provide accountability and spent nearly $20 million to do just that, who has been held accountable at the IRS?    Mr. Ratcliffe. Hold on. Hold on. We are talking about two different things here.    Mr. Ratcliffe. No, no. I want to talk about, yeah, on your watch----    Mr. Ratcliffe . Targeting officials----    Mr. Ratcliffe. All right.    Mr. Ratcliffe. That is not my question. My question is who has been held accountable. So you mentioned that you had 50 people advising you. Advising you on your watch, during your watch, which you have acknowledged there were failures to preserve, failures to retain, failures to testify truthfully.    Have any of those folks been terminated. Has anyone been terminated on your watch for those transgressions?    Mr. Ratcliffe. Has anyone been demoted?    Mr. Ratcliffe. I am not asking for their names. Has anyone been demoted?    Mr. Ratcliffe. That is not my question.    Mr. Ratcliffe. Has anyone been held accountable? And the answer is no.    Mr. Ratcliffe. Well, we will just have to disagree on that.    My time has expired. I yield back.