    Mr. Walden. Chairman Burgess, Ranking Member Schakowsky and distinguished members of the subcommittee, thank you for the opportunity to testify on behalf of Intel Corporation.    We appreciate the invitation to appear before the subcommittee to discuss the continuously and rapidly evolving uses of unmanned aerial vehicles, UAVs or drones, and the vast economic potential of this growing industry.    Innovation has been at the heart of Intel's business since we were founded close to half a century ago. To quote our co-founder, Robert Noyce, innovation is everything.    While we are a recognized leader with 80 percent of sales coming from outside the United States, Intel is viewed as a leading American technology company for good reason. We conduct approximately three-quarters of our advanced manufacturing in research and development in the United States at facilities located throughout the country.    We invest billions of dollars annually in research and development and employ more than 50,000 people nationwide. Intel's declared mission is to utilize the power of Moore's Law to bring smart and connective devices to every person on the planet.    With the help of Moore's Law, we have driven computing innovation to the highest performing servers that speed discoveries in science and medicine to low-powered computing sensors that are always on and connected that make devices, homes and cities smarter.    It has become increasingly clear to us that UAVs like cars and watches are a computing platform of the future. Applications and services by this new connected UAV ecosystem will spur significant economic growth and will be driven by innovations in UAV technology.    From infrastructure inspection to delivery of goods, millions of Americans are on the cusp and enjoying the benefits of this continually developing technology.    UAVs are being used to inspect bridges safely and efficiently, allow for real time repairs. Mobile carriers aim to keep workers on the ground by using UAVs for cell tower inspection, an application with potential lifesaving ramifications. From 2004 to 2013, there were 95 fatalities associated with cell tower inspections.    Another up and coming usage will be having multiple drones working in conjunction with a single operator used for either surveillance, safety, agriculture and even entertainment.    Computing technology is what will help drive and manage this capability with more precision, safety and accuracy than manual control.    Technology can and will improve drone safety. We are actively creating silicon architecture and computing power that will create onboard drone platforms that will have outstanding speed, performance, and functionality.    And our most important contribution to date involves critical safety technology that will address real concerns expressed by regulators and consumers alike. Real Sense is an onboard sensor application that represents a key ingredient for best in class collision avoidance.    It features several attributes for collision avoidance with real-time onboard computing. It is intuitive, self-aware, adaptable and self-guided. It will provide real-time depth-sensing capability for a flying drone and complying with GPS, altitude, and other on-board sensors can also avoid no-fly areas and comply within regulatory limits.    I'd like to demonstrate the capability, if we could, please. So what you see Jan doing is he's no longer utilizing the controller and what the 3D Real Sense camera technology is doing is essentially sensing using infrared and moving and making sure that nobody can run into the drone. So this is real-time collision avoidance utilizing 360 degrees of freedom. Thank you, Jan.    So I think we're going to demonstrate the sense and avoid of what the drone is actually seeing. If you could please look to the video screens, hopefully. There we go.    So what you're seeing is the ring sense, or the IR picture, of what the drone is seeing. Note this is not being seen by the pilot. None of these images are saved, from a privacy perspective.    This is an IR image the drone is seeing and if someone gets closer to the camera you'll actually see the image get darker and as they move away get lighter.    So this is actually the depth that you're seeing of what the drone is seeing which enables it to avoid people and objects.    Thank you.    Society, consumers, businesses, and overall worldwide economies stand to benefit in profound ways if the nascent drone ecosystem can develop safely, quickly, and in a manner where governments and private sector work cooperatively and expeditiously across a range of statutory, regulatory, and policy matters.    We believe that it is critical for the United States to develop a regulatory framework for UAVs that role models innovation for the rest of the world. This framework should allow U.S. companies not only to compete in the global market but also lead and drive global UAV innovation.    It is possible to both improve safety and promote American innovation involving advances in drone technology. However, a federal government approach that is overly prescriptive regarding the deployment of new hardware and software will deter the private sector's ability to invent and compete in the marketplace.    In addition, privacy is of paramount importance for the public's acceptance in understanding the widespread UAV operations in all environments.    Protection of privacy has always been built into the fabric of Intel. Intel has embraced the Fair Information Practices Principles, FIPPs, as the Global Foundation for Privacy Protection to foster technology innovation. With respect to drones, the FIPPs can be applied to the drone platform in the collection, usage and distribution of data.    As Intel and others innovate and then integrate those innovations into UAV platforms it will be critical to have a seamless and effective regulatory structure in place that supports such innovation.    Approval processes that can stretch close to a year should be dramatically streamlined. Many commercial uses of small UAVs should be allowed without filing requirements just as hobbyists' use is permitted today.    Without the right regulatory balance, we risk delaying the social and societal benefits and U.S. economic opportunities. A recent study estimates over a 10-year span UAV integration with national airspace will count for $82 billion in job creation and growth.    Thank you for conducting this hearing and for giving Intel the opportunity to testify in this exciting field of drone technology which, with modern regulations in place, will transform our society into a safe and responsible fashion.    Thank you very much.    Mr. Walden. No, I think it's a great question.    The way that we designed this technology is really for, again, detection and avoidance for an operator that is flying a drone and so right now the technology is actually built specifically with a circuit that only does that three-depth mapping and does not save it.    So you'd actually have to go in and completely modify not only the camera but the interface that we provide for that.    Now, that said, drones clearly could have a camera that is attached to it that isn't part of the sense and avoid circuitry or technology. And so clearly, we as a company continue to advocate and support privacy.    I am quite proud of the IUs that Intel has among both privacy, security, as well as safety.    And so we have a very strict regimen of how we create, design and actually productize these things that have to go through a third party review board internal to Intel to ensure that we don't break any of those.    Mr. Walden. Correct.    Mr. Walden. It is actually not captured. It has a buffer in there. So it only lasts for a few seconds, essentially. So it doesn't even store that with regards to this camera, again.    And I do agree and we do utilize, by the way, third parties to come in and audit to ensure that we are doing safe practices and following that. So I absolutely agree with Professor Kaminski there.    Mr. Walden. So let me start.    Mr. Walden. Absolutely. I think that technology, as it continues to progress and you utilize that such as geofencing, which enables you to use altitude GPS as well as other sensors, you can actually create no-fly zones and implement them into drones or into other----    Mr. Walden. Correct. And it exists today in some drones.    Mr. Walden. Actually, it does because what you do is you program out certain areas. So, for example, in Santa Clara where we are we happen to be located within the San Jose Airport----    Mr. Walden . Space. I cannot fly a drone. It won't allow me to start the drone.    Mr. Walden. This particular drone is a prototype so this one isn't even for sale. But as far as the commercial drones that we----    Mr. Walden. Sorry. Not available yet.    Mr. Walden. There may be other ones.    Mr. Walden. Yes, we do, and once again, security is another area where we hold that very highly as part of our values together with privacy.    From a cyber security perspective it's connected technology such as UAVs, clearly, will be subject to cyber tax and we know that is going to happen and we just need to be one step ahead and continue innovating.    We haven't implemented a security development life cycle which is subject to technologies to industry best practice testing.    It is important that UAVs are subject and then tested alike and we are committed to doing that and working with agencies and others to help move that forward.    Mr. Walden. Yes, sir.    Mr. Walden. I'd say that we don't have the answer. We are developing our technologies in ways to protect consumer privacy.    We are working with the NTIA on privacy best practices. We do agree that it's an issue and we don't have the answer right now but we absolutely are open to working together in finding a technological solution.    Mr. Walden. So we are actually working with multiple universities in cyber security. We actually have sponsored the chair at University of Florida where they have set up a cyber security----    Mr. Walden. Pardon? We might be working with Oklahoma. I'm embarrassed to say I'm not sure.    But yes, I think that, we have recognized years ago that cyber security is an area where you need to continually stay ahead and, as I think Mr. Burgess mentioned, the bad guys are going to continue trying to go fast than we are and we are looking to universities and partnering with them on ways of preventing cyber security attacks.    Mr. Walden. I agree 100 percent, and not only for catastrophic events but also the ability for a single operator to fly multiple drones in a safe manner to also help. Otherwise, you're going to have lots and lots of people doing it.    So I think back to--we need to, with the regulatory committees in enabling single operators to fly multiple drones as well as line of sight--out of line of sight because in the case of natural disasters you're going to need that technological capability.