    Ms. CLARKE. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman. And I thank our ranking member.    Before I begin, I would like to also thank you for the memoriam to our departed colleague, Mark Takai, and I would like to offer my condolences to his family, friends, and staff of Mr. Takai. He was a great man who I enjoyed working with. As Congresswoman Tulsi Gabbard stated in her remarks on the House floor yesterday, Mark Takai embodied the spirit of aloha, and I think we all were beneficiaries of that. And he will certainly be missed.    But turning to the matter at hand, HUBZones are an important tool for revitalizing struggling communities. They incentivize investment in economically disadvantaged communities and provide residents of these communities with the means to support their families. In my district alone, more than 50 census tracks qualify as HUBZones in places like Flatbush and Marcus Garvey Village in Brownsville, Brooklyn. However, the program only works and is effective if firms are aware of their eligibility to participate and are recertified in a timely manner.    So my question, Mr. Shoraka, is this. SBA has indicated that a lack of resources is a main obstacle for getting rid of the backlogs and allowing the agency to conduct a more in-depth recertification process. Can you give us an idea of how many new hires your department would need to run the HUBZone program efficiently and effectively and at the proper level for internal controls?    Ms. CLARKE. I want to encourage you to make that analysis, simply because the program is a program that holds great promise. And to the extent that we can be targeted and effective in terms of identifying potential businesses that should be accessing it and making sure that there is no abuse on the other side because someone who is far more sophisticated knows how to work the system, that makes all the difference in the world. And if you do not have the wherewithal to do sort of that balancing act, then we miss the point of the HUBZone program completely. So I want to encourage you to do that analysis.    Mr. Shear, there have been concerns raised regarding data used to determine HUBZone eligibility, and some have called for using different criteria to designate HUBZones. Has GAO looked at how changing the unemployment rate and median household income required to determine HUBZones may affect the success of the program?