    Mr. Russell. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I am baffled by all of this. Upon receipt or upon your appointment of the directorship of OPM, Director Archuleta had stated that she was committed to building an inclusive workforce. Who would have thought that that would have included our enemies.    In this testimony here today, we heard statements that we did not encrypt because we thought they might be able to decrypt or decipher. That is just baffling to me.    There was another statement I heard earlier today that said had we not established the systems, we would never have known about the breach. That is tantamount to saying if we had not watered our flower beds, we would have never seen the muddy footprints on the open windowsill.    I mean, this is absolute negligence that puts the lives of Americans at risk, and also foreign nationals that interact with these Americans. Of particular concern are the SF 86 forms, of which I am very familiar, with my background prior to coming to Congress.    We had Sean Gallagher from Ars Technica, who summed it up probably best. He said that this breach was a result of inertia, a lack of internal expertise, and a decade of neglect.    Director Archuleta, why did you not shut down 11 of the 21 systems that had no security assessment and authorization?    Mr. Russell. Would one of those considerations be encrypting Social Security numbers? I mean, does it take a degree in IT in cybersecurity to encrypt Social Security numbers? I didn't think so.    Did your cybersecurity strategic plan including leaving half of OPM's systems without protection when you formulated it? Was that part of the plan?    Mr. Russell. Then why was it not made a priority?    Mr. Russell. Well, I understand that, but I also understand there is an old saying we had in the military: poor is the workman who blames his tools. Missions can be accomplished even with what you have, and measures could have been done had this been made a priority. What I see now is why did OPM have no multi-factor authentication for users accessing the system from outside OPM? There was no multi-faceted means. If they get into the system, they have free rein, is that correct?    Mr. Russell. And when was that put in place, before or after the breach?    Mr. Russell. Okay. So stolen credentials could still be used to run free in the system, is that correct?    Mr. Russell. Was a priority made to these outside systems that were most vulnerable that would allow this type of free run?    Mr. Russell. Was a priority made to these outside accessing systems to OPM's database that once they get in them they have a free rein, a free run?    Mr. Russell. It didn't take our enemies time.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I yield back.