    Dr. Hice. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman. Thank you for having this hearing, and to each of our panelists, we appreciate you being here.    I must say that I am disappointed that the Department of Homeland Security declined to provide a witness for us today. I serve on Oversight and Government Reform, and the Subcommittee on National Security. Last month, we had a hearing there in which Ronald Vitiello, who is the Acting Director of Customs and Border Patrol, was there. I have a clip. I wanted you to see a little bit of my questioning to him, which is very applicable to today's hearing.    Dr. Hice. All right. Mr. Chairman, thank you and the staff for providing that clip. His answers were extremely vague. In fact, they were not answers to the question. When we are dealing with border security, answers like, ``As soon as possible'' doesn't cut it. It just doesn't cut through it.    So, Mr. Andrew, I would like to come back to you with some of the same questions that I asked Mr. Vitiello last month. What is a reasonable time for the Border Patrol to wait for a permit from Interior?    Dr. Hice. What is a reasonable time for a permit?    Dr. Hice. OK. What about, say, a radio tower, a communications tower?    Dr. Hice. What is a reasonable time?    Dr. Hice. All right. These are simple questions. I am wanting yes/no type answers. What is a reasonable time to expect? What about for road maintenance? What is a reasonable time?    Dr. Hice. OK. What about the mobile surveillance system? You referred to that.    Dr. Hice. What about forward operating bases?    Dr. Hice. You have mentioned yourself--and, Mr. Chairman, I will yield back. Obviously, my time has expired. But the environmental issue--it seems clear to me that we are placing environmental priorities over our national security with all of this; and it is inexcusable, when permitting and some of these other requests take so long that what is needed for border security is no longer applicable.    With that, I yield back. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.