    Mr. Courtney. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank you to the witnesses.    Again, just to go back for a moment regarding some of your testimony concerning our relationship with the Israeli Government and military. Again, General Dempsey has been before this committee a number of times and talked about how the mil-to-mil connection with Israel has a special sort of quality in nature that really is almost not matched anywhere in the world. And I was wondering, General, if you could sort of just kind of characterize that in terms of your own experience?    And, Ms. Wormuth, you know, you mentioned, you know, that this is something that is ongoing and that will be there with or without an agreement. I was wondering, again, if you could just sort of underscore that point?    General Austin. And, sir, I believe the question is, our military-to-military relationship with Israel?    As you know, sir, Israel falls in European Command's area of responsibility. But we certainly--since it borders our region of responsibility or our area of responsibility, we certainly see a need to maintain good connectivity.    I had a great relationship with the former chief of defense there, with Benny Gantz. And I have not had a chance to meet the new--or his replacement, but I have met him on a VTC where he and Benny and I, you know, along with General Breedlove, were able to share some ideas and concerns.    And so my hope--and I know this will be the case--is that we will continue to have a very, very strong relationship going forward. But, again, that--that--Israel is outside of my area of responsibility.    Mr. Courtney. Okay. Thank you.    Both of you have talked about the impact of sequestration in terms of executing your mission in that part of the world. I remember in March of 2013 when sequestration hit for the first time, the USS Harry S. Truman, which was scheduled to be deployed in the Middle East, had to tie up in Virginia for a number of months before this place finally worked things out.    And I guess the question is, is that, again, if we go into 2016 with sequester-level spending, General, do you have any testimony or comments regarding the impact of the number of carriers that might be available and how critical their mission is?    General Austin. The number of--having a carrier battle group in the region is absolutely critical to us. And, of course, I remain concerned about our ability to do that going forward.    A good example of that is what we recently saw here in our counter-ISIL efforts. As things unfolded in Iraq and Syria, we were able to rapidly respond to that issue, that crisis because we had a carrier in the region and we were able to use that carrier to put up aircraft over Iraq to help the situation, gain situational awareness. And so without that degree of flexibility, it will be very, very difficult to address these kinds of emerging crisis in the future.    And so when you look at a region that has Afghanistan and Pakistan, Iraq, Syria, Yemen, Lebanon, Egypt, there will continue to be challenges. And of course, I worry that we will have the resources to make sure that we can continue to work with our partners to address those challenges.    Mr. Courtney. Thank you.    I yield back.    The Chairman. Thank you.    Mr. Rogers.