    Mr. Bridenstine. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. General Breedlove, I would like--I think there are a lot of people that don't understand the important relationship between U.S. European Command and the nation of Israel. Could you brief us on some of our commitments to Israel? Maybe some of our mil-to-mil exercises, that kind of thing. How important is what you do to the nation of Israel?    General Breedlove. Congressman, thank you. Some I can discuss here, others I would be glad to come talk to you in a classified environment.    U.S. European Command has been given the mission of assisting in the defense of Israel. The most--probably the most visible piece of that is our joint work in ballistic missile defense and how we would help Israel to do that because of their, as you know, strategic depth is not something that Israel has and so being able to help them defend that.    And that is--we have a series of exercises that are some of the best that we do in this ballistic missile business. We have great exercises in the air defense, Air Force across the board. And I think, at that point, I would defer to a more classified conversation.    Mr. Bridenstine. Well, I appreciate that. And another question I had is--and maybe this is for you, Ms. Wormuth. If we were to go continue through the sequestration process, maybe you could help us understand a little bit about how that would impact the nation of Israel and European Command and maybe, General Breedlove, you could highlight as well, too, because we are about to go through a budget process here in the U.S. Congress and I, for one, believe we need to get beyond sequestration, especially as it relates to our defense forces. And we hear all the time about the increased risk. Can you guys quantify that for us?    Mr. Bridenstine. And, General, I can tell you would like to answer this as well, but I would like to move on to one last question with my one remaining minute. We know that, you know, Iran is continuing with an ICBM program. We know that Hamas and Hezbollah are reconstituting their missile capabilities. ISIS, of course, is in the region. My question is this. What did the administration go through as far as a process to determine in its budget request that it was appropriate to cut $150 million from missile defense for Israel?    Mr. Bridenstine. Just real quick, with my 23 seconds, Arrow was cut, I think $45 million, David's Sling was cut $100 million from appropriated levels last year. Any comments on that?