    Mr. Meadows. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and I thank you for holding this hearing.    And I must confess, when I saw the topic of the hearing, I was a little surprised, Mr. Chairman, that we would be having some of these same people come back before Oversight on the very same issue. And I don't know if, perhaps, Mr. Chairman, that they didn't take the suggestions that you and others had made earlier, but I'm really confused as to why we would not have addressed those.    So, Mr. Sullivan, I'm going to come down to you because I know your credentials as an investigator are impeccable. And I thank you for your work.    And it's my understanding that you sent a report based on the investigation to the White House. Is that correct?    Mr. Meadows. And have you received any response from the White House regarding your report on the use of private emails?    Mr. Meadows. But they are engaged with you?    Mr. Meadows. OK.    So, Dr. Eraso, have you had discussions--obviously, you've replied. Have you had discussions with the White House regarding this report?    Mr. Meadows. So have you defended your actions?    Mr. Meadows. So you've said that you've complied with this committee?    Mr. Meadows. Well, now, I'm a little troubled with that, because the chairman and Mr. Gowdy both have indicated that some of your testimony here before us before is not consistent with your actions. Would you agree with that statement? That you make one statement here before us and do something else. Let me make it clear.    Mr. Meadows. So you've given all those to the Inspector General's Mr. Sullivan?    Mr. Meadows. Yes or no?    Mr. Meadows. I don't care about the server. I care about getting them to Mr. Sullivan and this committee. Do I have your commitment today that you're willing to give them to Mr. Sullivan and this committee, every one of them?    Mr. Meadows. But do you understand that you've violated the Federal Records Act, you've violated the law? Do you understand that?    Mr. Meadows. By using your personal email.    Mr. Meadows. No, the Federal Records Act is not a 2014 initiative. You know, being able to keep and use your personal email, did you not know that that was illegal?    Mr. Meadows. Well, is silent about you not losing your job. We have a piece of legislation that maybe we have to address that.    So what do we tell the people where you've used your personal email to keep control and take advantage of those employees that are hardworking employees, some of which the ranking member has identified, some of which are reaching out to us as whistleblowers? What do we tell those employees?    Mr. Meadows. So why would you use personal email versus your official one, then, if it wasn't to hide your dialog?    Mr. Meadows. OK. I'm running out of the time.    So do I have your commitment that you will give every single email, as well as the other emails that were personally--to the investigator and to this committee? Do I have your commitment today?    Mr. Meadows. I thank the patience of the chair.    Mr. Meadows . I thank the ranking member, and I would agree with him that you need to really evaluate this. I think the chairman, the ranking member have both been extremely eloquent but also piercing with their words, and my recommendation, for the good of the organization, is to take an early retirement.    And so the chair recognizes the gentleman from Georgia, Mr. Hice.    Mr. Meadows. Without objection, so ordered.    Mr. Meadows. I thank the gentleman from Georgia. The chair recognizes the gentleman from Oklahoma, Mr. Russell.    Mr. Meadows. I thank the gentleman from Oklahoma.    The chair recognizes the gentleman from Alabama, Mr. Palmer.    Mr. Meadows. Without objection, so ordered.    Mr. Meadows. I thank the gentleman.    The chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas, Mr. Hurd.    Mr. Meadows. I thank the gentleman.    Mr. Ehrlich, let me clarify something that Mr. Hurd just brought up. You are very confident when you said you only used your personal emails only if you copied your official email. Did you copy those personal emails to your official account at a much later time than when you were actually having it back and forth?    Mr. Meadows. So--but you were very clear in your answer to Mr. Hurd----    Mr. Meadows . That you did that. So you are confident that each time that you copied--when using your personal email, that you copied it, because you're under oath.    Mr. Meadows. And you're confident of that. That's your testimony here today.    Mr. Meadows. Recollection is very different than what you told Mr. Hurd.    But we'll go ahead and recognize the gentleman from Georgia, Mr. Carter.    Mr. Meadows. The gentleman's time has expired, but the chair is going to ask a followup question to this because the gentleman from Georgia is exactly right.    Mr. Ehrlich, it is troubling that you--you are an unbelievable quick study. After being there just a couple of weeks, you made all of this unbelievable analysis. So who drafted the motion, Mr. Ehrlich?    Mr. Meadows. Because I have reason to believe that it was not you that drafted the motion. Who drafted the motion?    Mr. Meadows. By who?    Mr. Meadows. By who?    Mr. Meadows. So let me understand this. The Chair drafts a motion for you to make the motion to give the Chair more power.    Mr. Meadows. Well, we've got the transcript, and we'll----    Mr. Meadows . Follow it up.    Mr. Meadows. So did the general counsel--did the general counsel draft the motion?    Mr. Meadows. All right. So you drafted it?    Mr. Meadows. So if we subpoena your records, it will be a draft form in yours, Mr. Ehrlich? Is that your testimony? I would be careful there.    Mr. Meadows. So is your testimony that you drafted it or you didn't? I'm giving you a chance to back up.    Mr. Meadows. So you didn't draft----    Mr. Meadows. You didn't draft it.    Mr. Meadows. Mr. Ehrlich, I will remind you that you are under oath, and when you--you're the one that used the word ``lie'' earlier, but when you do not tell the truth to this committee, it is a major deal. So did you draft it? Is that your testimony, yes or no?    Mr. Meadows. All right.    The chair will recognize the gentleman from Wisconsin, Mr. Grothman.    Mr. Meadows. Can the gentleman turn on his mic?    Mr. Meadows. So your testimony is you pretty much adhered to it, is that correct, Dr. Eraso, pretty much? I mean, so----    Mr. Meadows. On a scale of 1 to 10 with being completely, would you put it--is that a 7?    Mr. Meadows. All right.    Thank you, Doctor.    The chair recognizes the gentleman from South Carolina, Mr. Mulvaney, for a few followup questions before we have closing remarks.    Mr. Meadows. Would the gentleman--will the gentleman yield for just----    Mr. Meadows. Dr. Eraso, you're the one that gave that to us.    Mr. Meadows. I'm not talking about the inspector general's report, but----    Mr. Meadows. But you've seen the document that they asked you to sign.    Mr. Meadows. OK.    Mr. Meadows. Will the gentleman suspend for just a second?    Mr. Meadows. Will the gentleman suspend for just a second?    Dr. Eraso, the ranking member makes a very good recommendation. We think you ought to read the document right now. And I think that's a very fair request.    And, Mr. Mulvaney, if you'll give it to him.    Mr. Meadows. All right. I thank the gentleman from----    Mr. Meadows . South Carolina, whose time has expired.    I will say that the gentleman from Alabama has a followup question. We're going to ask him to submit it, and it is an answer that this committee does need. The gentleman from Alabama has it. He will submit it to you in writing. We ask for your response to be in writing.    Mr. Meadows. And because of the time, we go to the ranking member for his closing statement.    Mr. Meadows. I thank the----    Mr. Meadows. We are just doing closing statements at this point. You've had more than enough time to share your perspective, Dr.----    Mr. Meadows . Eraso. And so, I think at this point it is important that we bring this to a close under a number of different issues.    One is, Mr. Engler, thank you. Thank you for your comment. It's not easy when you're on a Board to make those kind of comments, so thank you so much for hopefully giving us a fresh start.    And to the employees, who may or may not be watching this particular hearing--the ranking member and I were talking about this while some of the other questioning was going on. We've got your back. And whether it's a whistleblower that is receiving retaliation or whether it's other issues within this agency that have not been properly handled, I can tell you that the ranking member and the chairman of the full committee, Mr. Chaffetz, are committed to working hand-in-glove to make sure that the employees get treated fairly.    Some of what I've heard here today is very discouraging and would certainly make for very low morale, because what ultimately this has been about is the truth and power. And, sadly, both of those have been left, really, in the hands of the wrong people. And I find that very troubling. And so I'm looking forward to a new day where we'll have a new Chairman come before this committee and, indeed, everything would look a little bit brighter.    I'm going to ask for unanimous consent for the following items to be put in the record: the letter from the American Chemistry Council to the committee; a letter from the United Steelworkers to the committee; a letter from the former CSB Board member William Wright to the committee; a letter from the former CSB Board member Gerald Poje to the committee; a letter from the former CSB Board member William Wright, a second one, to the committee; written testimony from the former CSB Board member Beth Rosenberg to the committee; a letter from the former CSB Board member William Wark to the committee; a letter from the former CSB Board member John Bresland to the committee; February 12, 2015, Vantage report titled ``Briefing to CSB Senior Leadership''; July 10, 2014, Carden Group report titled ``U.S. Chemical Safety Board Path Forward Overview''; July 7, 2014, letter to the President; Government in Sunshine Act 5 U.S.C. 522b; Chemical Safety Board Order No. 28; and a job posting on the USAJOBS for the new Senior Executive Service position of managing director at the Chemical Safety Board, posted on March the 2d, 2015; and the January 16, 2015, memo from the EPA inspector general to the President; and a February 2d letter from the White House Counsel to this CSB Chairman.    Without objection, those will be entered into the record.    Mr. Meadows. And, with that, this committee hearing is adjourned.