    Chairman Curbelo. Good morning. I call this hearing to order.    This is my first hearing as chairman of the Subcommittee on Agricultural, Energy and Trade, and I look forward to working with Ranking Member Meng on issues of concern to small businesses.    The United States is one of the top procedures of citrus in the world. Florida, my home State, is the largest producing area, followed by California, Texas, and Arizona. Within these States, citrus is both economically and culturally significant. It fuels the economy, and for many growers and their families, it is a way of life passed down from one generation to another.    Citrus is a valuable United States crop. For the 2013 2014 season, its value was $3.39 billion, and a recent University of Florida study found that the total economic impact of the citrus industry in the State of Florida for fiscal year 2012/2013 was $10.68 billion. However, this United States economic powerhouse is facing significant challenges. The acreage and production of citrus are down, particularly in Florida, which is ground zero for a deadly bacterial disease that destroys citrus trees.    Huanglongbing, which is also referred to as HLB, or citrus greening, is a devastating citrus disease that has been found in Florida, Texas, and California. In addition, the insect that spreads HLB has been found in 15 States and United States territories. HLB, along with other current challenges, in particular the Mexican fruit fly in Texas, and the drought in California, are making it more difficult and costly to produce citrus. Faced with these challenges, small citrus growers, which comprise 90 percent of citrus farms and other small businesses in the citrus industry, are struggling to stay profitable and to stay in business.    Today we will be hearing from witnesses from Florida, California, and Texas who will explain how the current challenges are affecting small citrus growers and other businesses within the citrus industries in their States. I want to thank all the witnesses for taking time away from their businesses and families, and for appearing before the Committee today.    With that, I yield to the ranking member, Ms. Meng, for her opening statement.    Chairman Curbelo. Thank you, Ms. Meng.    If additional committee members have an opening statement prepared, I ask that they be submitted for the record.    I would also like to take a moment to explain the timing lights for you. You will each have 5 minutes to deliver your testimony. The light will start out as green. When you have 1 minute remaining, the light will turn yellow. And, finally, it will turn red at the end of your 5 minutes.    I ask that you try to adhere to the time limit.    Our first witness is Kevin Severns, a second-generation navel orange grower. He is the owner of Severns Farms, a 40-acre citrus-growing operation in Sanger, California. Mr. Severns also serves as the general manager of the Orange Cove Sanger Citrus Association, a cooperative citrus packing house, and serves on the California Citrus Pest and Disease Prevention Committee. He is testifying on behalf of California Citrus Mutual, a trade association that represents California's citrus growers, and currently serves as the organization's chairman of the board.    Mr. Severns, thank you for being here today.    Next I am pleased to introduce a fellow Floridian, Larry Black. He is the general manager of Peace River Packing Company, a small citrus packing operation in Fort Meade, Florida, and a fifth-generation Florida citrus grower. Mr. Black is the current president of Florida Citrus Mutual, a trade association that represents the Florida citrus industry, and also serves on the board of the Citrus Research and Development Foundation. Previously he served as president of the Polk County Farm Bureau. He is testifying on behalf of Florida Citrus Mutual.    Mr. Black, thank you very much for being here today.    Our third witness is Dale Murden, the president of Texas Citrus Mutual, the grower association representing Texas citrus industry. He also owns and operates a cattle and citrus operation in the Lower Rio Grande Valley of Texas. This year, Mr. Murden became president of Texas Citrus Mutual. Previously he had managed Rio Farms, a unique nonprofit farming and agriculture operation for 25 years. Mr. Murden also currently serves as the executive director of Texas Citrus Pest and Disease Management Association and has a long history of serving the Texas agriculture industry.    Mr. Murden, thank you very much for being here today.    I now yield to the ranking member for the introduction of our final witness.    Chairman Curbelo. We are pleased to have a distinguished panel of witnesses from the major citrus-producing States, and look forward to hearing from all of you.    Mr. Severns, you may begin.    Chairman Curbelo. Thank you very much, Mr. Severns.    Mr. Black.    Chairman Curbelo. Thank you very much, Mr. Black.    Mr. Murden, you are now recognized.    Chairman Curbelo. Thank you, Mr. Murden.    And now, Dr. Rogers, you are recognized.    Chairman Curbelo. Thank you very much, Dr. Rogers.    I now recognize myself for 5 minutes, and I thank you all for your testimony. Some of the statistics that you shared are staggering, and it is very important that we are having this hearing today to shine a light on what represents a major challenge for the States represented here today, but more importantly, for families that are trying to stay afloat.    My first question, which is addressed to all of you, are you currently seeing or do you expect to see consolidation in the citrus industry as smaller growers sell or leave the industry due to the increased costs of production? This is a major concern for us in our committee because, of course, protecting small businesses and strengthening them is our goal here. Do any of you fear that we are going to see a lot of consolidation as a result of this crisis?    Chairman Curbelo. Thank you. Does anyone else want to speak to that?    Chairman Curbelo. Thank you. Another question: Are there ways that the USDA Citrus Health Response Program and Multi-Agency Coordination Group could be improved? Can you help us evaluate how these programs have performed and give us some ideas as to how they can do better?    Chairman Curbelo. Mr. Black.    Chairman Curbelo. Thank you.    My time has expired. I would like to recognize the ranking member for 5 minutes.    Chairman Curbelo. Thank you, Ms. Meng.    I would now liked to introduce and recognize my colleague from California, Mr. Knight.    Chairman Curbelo. Thank you, Mr. Knight.    And Ms. Lawrence, you are now recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Curbelo. Thank you.    Chairman Curbelo. Thank you, Ms. Lawrence.    I recognize myself for 5 minutes.    Mr. Severns, your comments on TPA are timely as it seems like the House will be considering this legislation tomorrow.    Can you expound on your support for TPA? I think there is an assumption that most in the agriculture industry would be opposed. Could you comment a little more on why you are supportive? And if anyone else would like to comment, and maybe perhaps with differing views, you are welcome to do so as well.    Chairman Curbelo. Anyone else have any views on free trade that they may want to share whether specific to the current     Chairman Curbelo. Thank you for those comments. And, in fact, as I understand it, higher standards for agriculture are one of the key goals of the current TPA that we are considering.    I also want to ask about the H-2A Visa Program. This is a program that allows certain American employers to bring foreign nationals to the United States for low skill temporary or seasonal agricultural jobs for which American workers are not available.    Can you describe the extent to which you rely on H-2A workers to help harvest your fruit? And what challenges have you encountered in ensuring you have a sufficient labor force to do the work needed on a timely basis?    Chairman Curbelo. Thank you.    Ranking member is recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Curbelo. Thank you, Ms. Meng.    Mr. Black, maybe you can help us bring this all home. You noted that while the citrus industry is comprised of family farms and associated businesses, it supports many other businesses. Can you explain how important a vibrant citrus industry is to Florida's economy, and particularly to small Florida towns, or maybe people watching this hearing today wondering why this Congress focused on this issue? Why is this important?    Can you expound on--in the State of Florida, for example, why the citrus industry is so critical.    Chairman Curbelo. Thank you.    Ms. Lawrence, do you have any additional questions?    Chairman Curbelo. You are recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Curbelo. Thank you, Ms. Lawrence.    I want to thank all the witnesses for taking time away from their businesses and families to participate in today's hearing. The United States citrus industry produces the fresh fruit and juice that nourish millions of consumers on a daily basis and are a vital part of our economy.    For small growers, the increased costs of production due to HLB, the Mex line, the drought in California, pose significant challenges. Most alarming is the threat to citrus growers in Florida, California, Texas, and Arizona from HLB. The Subcommittee on Agriculture, Energy, and Trade will continue to highlight the problems that small agricultural operations are facing and examine policy solutions that allow farmers, their families, and employees to thrive and provide the fresh produce and other goods that Americans consume and value.    I want to thank the ranking member for her cooperation in setting up this hearing. I want to thank you all, again. We are about small businesses in this committee, which means we are about families and the people who they employ.    So we will continue doing everything we can to shine a light on this and to be an advocate, not only here in Congress, but more broadly, in the Federal Government to make sure we do right by our small businesses, the families they represent, and all the people they employ.    I ask unanimous consent that members have five legislative days to submit statements and supporting materials for the record.    Without objection, so ordered. This hearing is now adjourned.