    Mr. Nadler. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, for holding this hearing today. I have a number of questions, but I want to note that I am proud to be the lead Democratic sponsor of this bill, alongside Mr. King of New York. I represent Lower Manhattan, where thousands of Americans were brutally murdered in the September 11th, 2001, terrorist attacks. JASTA would help ensure that those responsible for aiding and abetting these attacks are held accountable for their actions.    Unfortunately, because of certain court decisions that misinterpreted the Foreign Sovereignty Immunities Act and the Antiterrorism Act, 9/11 victims and their families have been unable to pursue their claims in court against some of the parties they believe were responsible for funding the attacks.    JASTA simply reinstates what was understood to be the law for 30 years--that foreign states may be brought to justice for aiding and abetting acts of international terrorism that occur on American soil, whether or not the conduct that facilitated the attack was conducted in the United States.    Let me be clear--this bill does not prejudge the merits of any particular case. It simply ensures that the 9/11 families, or anyone else who may be similarly situated can plead their case in court.    We have various objection to this, and we will hear various objections to this legislation today, primarily centered around the fear that other Nations may pass reciprocal legislation in retaliation, which would subject Americans or the United States itself to liability in those countries.    I find this argument unpersuasive. Unless the United States engages in international terrorist activity, which is carefully defined in law, it would face no legal jeopardy if another country passed an identical law. And given that no countries have retaliated in the 40 years since the Foreign Sovereignty Immunities Act, and it's well established tort exception was enacted into law, it is hard to understand why this very narrow classification should now raise alarms.    To the extent that one particular country may fear being held to account for its actions and might be threatening retaliation of some sort, there is no--that is no reason to deny justice to the victims of 9/11 and their families.    The Foreign Sovereignty Immunities Act was intended in part to ensure that the President would not be put in the position of determining which claims could be heard, and which would be protected by sovereign immunity. Although JASTA enables the executive to stay court proceedings if it is engaging in good-faith diplomatic negotiations to resolve a claim, it places the final determination of legal claims in the courts, where it belongs.    JASTA is a narrow bill that has been carefully negotiated over the last 6 years and which passed the Senate unanimously for the second time in May. It deserves swift passage in the House of Representatives, as well, and I appreciate your holding this hearing today so that we can begin this process.    Now, Ambassador Egan--Mr. Egan, rather--I am sorry--as I understood your argument, if a foreign government writes a million-dollar check to Al-Qaeda in a cafe in New York to fund a terrorist attack in the United States, the existing tort exception to the Foreign Sovereign Immunities Act provides jurisdiction to sue that government in a U.S. court.    But if that same government agent wrote the same million-dollar check in a cafe in Geneva, his government should be immune from liability for causing the very same terrorist attack. What is the rationale for that argument?    Mr. Nadler. Right, but if a government--a foreign government--conspires with some international terrorist organization to conduct an attack in the United States, and writes the check to finance that activity in a cafe in New York, why should it be a different situation than if the same government conspires with the same international terrorist organization for the same attack but writes the check in London or Geneva? What is the difference?    Mr. Nadler. If they were designated after the fact?    Mr. Nadler. But what you are really saying is if they wrote the check in New York, they would be subject to legal action, and a court would determine the facts.    If they wrote the check in Geneva to finance the terrorist attack in New York, it would be up to the executive branch to make a political determination whether we wanted to designate them as a state sponsor of terrorism, which may be, A, fact-based, but B, politically determined, rather than leaving it--rather than having the court have jurisdiction to make the same determination, that it would, if the check was written in New York. What is the justification for that, and why should we stand for such a distinction?    Mr. Nadler. Yes, but foreign policy decision-making presumably has the same considerations whether the foreign government wrote the check in New York or wrote the check in Geneva. Why the distinction that one has executive determination with possibly political and foreign policy considerations and the other is up to a court?    Mr. Nadler. And politically driven.    Mr. Nadler. Well, and the question is why there should be executive branch into the process depending on where the check was written for the same act, the same actors, et cetera. And my time has expired, unfortunately, because I have a number of other questions, but I will simply reserve that I do not think that that distinction makes much sense.    Mr. Nadler. I yield back.    Mr. Nadler. Thank you. I think it was Mr. Klingler just mentioned the Letelier case. In the early 1970's, Orlando Letelier, the former Chilean Ambassador to the United States, was murdered in Washington, D.C. by operatives and senior officials of the Chilean Intelligence Services and two Cuban exiles. His survivors were permitted to sue the Chilean Government in American courts.    And the widow of Henry Liu, a Chinese journalist and critic of the Taiwanese Government, was permitted to sue Taiwan after her husband was murdered in California by agents of the former director of Taiwan's Defense Intelligence Bureau.    Yet that, I suppose I should ask Attorney General Mukasey, those cases did not resolve in any kind of retaliation or a flood of litigation against the United States. Why do you think that having JASTA restore the law as it was understood then, in this situation, would result in such retaliation?    Mr. Nadler. The orders were given abroad.    Mr. Nadler. Mr. Gurule, would you answer the same question?    Mr. Nadler. The essential question I am asking is not on the equities, which I think are clear--people ought to have a remedy. But, on the prudential question of if we were to enact this, would that not invite retaliation by foreign governments?    Mr. Nadler. And this did not affect the JCPOA?    Mr. Nadler. Let me ask, Mr. Klingler Attorney, Attorney General Mukasey expressed concern in his testimony that enacting JASTA was almost certain to invite retaliation against our own government officials, soldiers, and diplomats in reference that the countries that would be most threatened by that would be the U.S., the U.K. and Israel in terms of individuals.    But JASTA only provides jurisdiction to sue foreign governments not individuals. And, if foreign governments were looking for an excuse to sue American Government officials, soldiers, and diplomats, would the existing tort exception not provide a sufficient excuse? First, Mr. Klingler, and then Attorney General Mukasey.    Mr. Nadler. So let me ask Attorney General Mukasey essentially the same question, but is your argument not really that any change to the--what is it, the Foreign Tort Act--even if it is a limited change, would give foreign governments the excuse to make bigger changes? And even if what we are doing would not evolve into claims against individuals, some foreign government might?    Mr. Nadler. So, your argument basically is that we should not make any change to the Foreign Sovereign Immunities Act, because it might lead to foreign governments to have an excuses to make worse changes?    Mr. Nadler. Well we do not duplicate the Senate's practices.    Mr. Nadler. Mr. Gurule, my last question since my time is running out. There was reference to Americans being arrested in Rome, I think it was, and subject to prosecution. But was that not a case where the allegation was that American CIA agents had, without any color of authority, kidnapped someone off the streets of Rome, and shipped him off to Syria to be interrogated and tortured by the Hafez al-Assad regime, and what happened to that litigation? Do you know?    Mr. Nadler. My time has expired. Thank you very much.