    Ms. Chu. Director Comey, my district is next to San Bernardino. After the terror attack, we mourned the loss of 14 lives and empathized with the 22 wounded, and there is indeed fear and anxiety amongst my constituents. So our discussion here today is particularly important to the people back home. There are many in our area that want answers, but there are also many that feel conflicted about putting their own privacy at risk.    So my first question to you is: Under Federal law, we do not require technology companies to maintain a key to unlock encrypted information in the devices they sell to customers. Some of the witnesses we will hear from today argue that if such a key or software was developed to help the FBI access the device used by Syed Farook, it would make the millions of other devices in use today vulnerable. How can we ensure that we're not creating legal or technical backdoors to U.S. technology that will empower other foreign governments in taking advantage of this loophole?    Ms. Chu. Well, I would like to ask about law enforcement finding technical solutions. I understand that there may be other methods or solutions for law enforcement when it comes to recovering data on a smartphone. Professor Landau argues in her testimony later today that solutions to accessing the data already exist within the forensic analysis community, solutions which may include jail breaking the phone, amongst others. Or she says other entities within the Federal Government may have the expertise to crack the code.    Has the FBI pursued those other methods or tried to get help from within the Federal Government, such as from agencies like the NSA?    Ms. Chu. So let me ask you this: Like smart phones, safes can be another form of storage of personal information. Similarly to how technology companies are not required to maintain a key to unlock encryption, safe manufacturers are not required to maintain keys or combinations to locks.    Given this, law enforcement has been able to find a way to get into safes under certain circumstances or obtain critical information through other avenues. So how does this differ from unlocking a smartphone? It's clear that technology is outpacing law enforcement's ability to get information from devices like the iPhone, even with a proper warrant, but isn't it the FBI or the law enforcement agency who bears the responsibility to figure out the solution to unlock the code?    Ms. Chu. Thank you. I yield back.