    Mr. Thissen. Good afternoon, and thank you for the opportunity to express NARFE's view on premium increases for enrollees in the Federal Long Term Care Insurance Program, or     NARFE was proud to have played the lead role in supporting legislation creating FLTCIP, but we are extremely disappointed in the recent premium increases. FLTCIP premiums increased by an astounding 83 percent on average and by as much as 126 percent for nearly 40 percent of the enrollees. The average increase amounts to $111 per month. For many, the increase will be much larger.    These cost increases come as a rude awakening for enrollees. Following the announcement in July, they were presented with difficult and unfair choices: Pay substantially higher premiums, reduce coverage significantly, or abandon what for some had become more than a decade-long investment in protecting their future. This situation should not have occurred and signals the need for changes in the program.    We have heard from hundreds of NARFE members, and their messages have been personal and blunt. One NARFE member reported her premiums would rise from $275 to more than $600 per month. She is not alone in her experience. Another member told me, ``I am so much older now than when I entered the Federal plan, the cost to switch to another plan would be prohibitive. All my bills are fixed. The new payment will have to come from the grocery budget.'' Another said, ``We have already paid John Hancock $56,000 in premiums. We cannot quit now. We have too much invested. We are outraged by this bait and switch scheme,'' end quote.    For these enrollees, the reasons behind the increases come as little comfort, but are worth examining. The actuaries got it wrong. Long-term care costs are rising faster than expected and interest rates are expected to remain low. This may be the case, but the actuaries and the insurance company did not just get it wrong, they got it very wrong.    We hope this hearing, at the very least, provides the opportunity to further investigate why the assumptions were so far off and how lessons learned from those mistakes may be applied to assumptions about the future. But our efforts should not end there. We need to plan for long-term care--the need to plan for long-term care is as much a reality today as it was when the program was created 16 years ago.    Average long-term care costs are high, $3,800 per month for home health, $3,600 to stay in an assisted living facility, $7,700 for a private room in a nursing home. Sixty-nine percent of Americans will need some long-term care services for an average of 3 years. Without adequate insurance, too many will be bankrupt and forced to rely on Medicaid.    Federal employees and retirees want to do the responsible thing for themselves and their family. This program seeks to address the real need to plan for these future long-term care costs, but the lack of price stability and affordability make it increasingly difficult to do so. Legislative reforms are needed.    NARFE proposed a number of policy options in my written testimony. One of these proposals including providing enrollees an option to convert their plans to hybrid long-term care/life insurance policies, which would provide price stability. Another is to provide options to extend waiting periods or buy plans with deductibles which would improve affordability.    NARFE also supports broader reforms to the national long-term care policy. The crisis faced by FLTCIP is not unique. Individuals in private long-term care insurance plans are facing significant premium increases, and neither FLTCIP nor any other private long-term care insurance provider is continuing to offer unlimited catastrophic coverage.    Middle-class consumers seeking to insure against the worst-case scenarios are left with no options at all. Rather, Medicaid, a program intended to protect those in poverty, steps in as the only catastrophic option for consumers who must bankrupt themselves in order to qualify. Instead, NARFE supports a public-private partnership with a universal catastrophic insurance program that covers costs between the first 2 or 3 years of care and private insurance, such as FLTCIP, to cover the front end costs of care.    It is incumbent upon this subcommittee to support real reforms that provide Americans with affordable, reliable options. Enrollees should not bear the risk when insurance companies and actuaries make mistakes, and they should have options available to plan for their future needs. NARFE looks forward to working with Congress to pursue them. The status quo is unacceptable. Thank you so much.    Mr. Thissen. No.    Mr. Thissen. Well, I think that there should be a public/private, you know, partnership----    Mr. Thissen. I'm sorry.    I think there should be a public/private partnership that looks at catastrophic protection; it looks at ways to encourage more individuals to purchase long-term care insurance, because the wider we can spread the risk and the wider we can spread the pool, it just--it helps everybody. And then I also think that if we can put something together like that, we possibly maybe even can save some money on Medicaid, because we've paid some of that up front.