    Mr. Siberell. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Chairman Poe, Ranking Member Keating, members of the subcommittee, thank you for the opportunity to appear before you today.    This afternoon, I would like to briefly highlight the Bureau of Counterterrorism's work to advance the foremost counterterrorism priorities of the United States.    As you noted, Mr. Chairman, I have submitted a longer statement for the record.    As you know, the United States faces a fluid and fast-changing terrorism threat environment. The international community has made progress in degrading terrorism safe havens, but terrorist groups, especially ISIL and al-Qaeda, remain resilient.    Recent attacks in Bamako, Beirut, Brussels, Jakarta, and Paris have demonstrated the reach and continued determination of these groups to commit violence against civilians. These and other attacks have raised the urgency and political will of our partners to act against the evolving threat posed by ISIL, al-Qaeda, and their affiliates.    President Obama has called for the United States to develop more effective partnerships around the world to confront, disrupt, and defeat the global threat from terrorism. The Bureau of Counterterrorism is playing a critical role in developing those partnerships.    Success of U.S. counterterrorism efforts increasingly depends upon capable civilian partners, police, prosecutors, border and aviation security personnel, prison officials, and community leaders. As with our own domestic experience, these actors are on the frontlines in preventing and responding to terrorism in their communities.    The Bureau is leading efforts to build capacity and cooperation among these various civilian actors. We appreciate the Congress' appropriation of $175 million for the Counterterrorism Partnership's Fund in Fiscal Year 2016. We ask for your continued support in Fiscal Year 2017. With these resources we will strengthen the ability of key law enforcement and criminal justice actors from the Sahel to Southeast Asia. We are focusing on supporting countries that can help prevent ISIL's global expansion while not losing sight of al-Qaeda and its affiliates.    We are expanding our engagement with European partners to ensure they enhance capabilities to stem the flow of foreign terrorist fighters, improve information-sharing, and disrupt local terrorist recruitment networks. We believe these efforts are yielding results. Since 2014, 45 countries with which we have engaged have passed new laws or updated existing laws to address foreign terrorist fighters.    Through the Bureau's diplomatic efforts, we now have enhanced information-sharing arrangements with 55 countries to assist efforts to identify, track, and deter the travel of known and suspected terrorists. We have also supported INTERPOL to enhance its ability to share critical foreign terrorist fighter identity data with countries around the world. Fifty-eight countries plus the United Nations now contribute foreign terrorist fighter profiles to INTERPOL.    As part of our Fiscal Year 2017 request, we have also asked for additional funding for our Terrorist Interdiction Program. This program provides a highly valuable capability for countries to strengthen border controls through enhanced technology and training.    Mr. Chairman, as part of our overall strategy, we believe that we must increase our focus on preventing the spread of violent extremism to stop the radicalization, recruitment, and mobilization of people, especially young people, to engage in terrorist activities.    Secretary Kerry has directed the Bureau of Counterterrorism to play the lead role in a more strategic, integrated, and ultimately accountable approach to countering violent extremism. As notified to the Congress, the Department is increasing personnel resources in the Bureau to support this mission and renaming the Bureau as the Bureau of Counterterrorism and Countering Violent Extremism. We will be working very closely with the newly established interagency Global Engagement Center and USAID in this effort.    The Department has also requested additional resources for CVE programming in Fiscal Year 2017, including as part of the Counterterrorism Partnerships Fund to expand programs to help counter violent extremist recruitment and messaging.    Finally, Mr. Chairman, as documented in our statement for the record, we have made changes within the Bureau over the past year to foster a culture of strategic planning, learning, innovation, and collaboration. We have enhanced the monitoring and evaluation of our foreign assistance programming, especially our largest programs. Since I last testified before this committee, we have launched a comprehensive third-party evaluation of our Antiterrorism Assistance Program. That evaluation will be completed later this month. We have also awarded a new third-party evaluation of our CVE programs. We look forward to briefing you and your staff on the results of these evaluations.    Mr. Chairman, there is much more work to do. The terrorism landscape is dynamic, and we must continue to enhance and adapt our efforts. I am proud of what we are accomplishing at the Bureau of Counterterrorism. We have a talented team of people who are committed to the work of countering terrorism and keeping the country safe.    We greatly appreciate the interest of Congress and your committee in support of these efforts. I look forward to your questions and our discussion. Thank you.    Mr. Siberell. Mr. Chairman, I think if you look at the annual requests that go from Fiscal Year 2015, 2016, 2017, you will find a significant increase in the '17 request from our '15 budget. And the reason is that we received a significant increase in '16 out of the Counterterrorism Partnerships Fund, an additional $175 million that we are working now to develop a sound process for stewardship of those additional funds. And we very much appreciate the Congress' support for that program.    For '17 when we put together our request, we looked at what we believed would be required to sustain those efforts, those increased efforts in '16, and we determined that an $80 million request was adequate for that purpose, and bearing in mind that we want to ensure effective stewardship of those funds. So either 175 in '16 addition, and then we have asked for 80 additional in '17. So it may appear to be a decrease from the '16 request because we are asking for less under CTPF from '17 than we received in '16, but overall, it is a significant increase. I mean, we are talking about a comparison of our request in '17 from what our budget was in '15 is a more than $50 million increase in our counterterrorism capacity-building foreign assistance budget.    Mr. Siberell. Well, I would characterize it as our effort to sustain this significant increase we received in '16, and I will put it that way.    Mr. Siberell. Yes. The $80 million we requested is less than the $175 we received in '16 under the CTPF, yes.    Mr. Siberell. The administration is working very closely internally in the United States Government with the domestic agencies, the FBI, Department of Justice, others----    Mr. Siberell. Yes.    Mr. Siberell. Is this the strategy you are referring to from the State Department? I missed the beginning of your question.    Mr. Siberell. Okay.    Mr. Siberell. Right. So we have a strategy on countering violent extremism that we are just preparing to release with the State Department and USAID that does, as one of its objectives, address the need for effective counter-messaging and counter-narratives, and that is one of the five objectives in that strategy that is to be released within the coming week.    Mr. Siberell. That is the State Department, USAID countering violent extremism strategy, joint strategy.    Mr. Siberell. Mr. Chairman, thank you for that question. In our hearing last year we discussed the importance of evaluation of CTE Bureau-funded Foreign Assistance Programs, and you emphasized the importance of this, and we have taken that very seriously. We have undertaken a number of evaluations, including we have put out a notice of funding for a comprehensive third-party evaluation of our Countering Violent Extremism programs in three countries: Indonesia, Kenya, and Bangladesh. That has been out for funding. It is being awarded now, and we expect that that evaluation will be completed by the end of this year.    Mr. Siberell. Yes.    Mr. Siberell. Sure. I think it is a very good question, and I appreciate the opportunity to answer.    People often think of counterterrorism as a mission for law enforcement agencies in the domestic realm or for the military or intelligence agencies in the international realm. In fact, diplomacy plays a key role in bringing together partnerships and nations to address our primary counterterrorism objectives. We see that in the coalitions that we build to defeat terrorist groups on a regional, sub-regional basis, or even a global basis. So the global coalition to fight ISIL is an example. The coalition of African partners we have developed to fight Boko Haram in West Africa, the coalition of nations we have helped to develop to fight Al-Shabaab in East Africa.    Those are just examples of where diplomacy plays a key role, and the Bureau of Counterterrorism leads in a number of those efforts to build international will, political will and partnership and cooperation against these common threats.    The other piece of what we do--and we appreciate, again, the funding we receive from Congress for this purpose--is to help build capacity in our primary counterterrorism partners. In line with the President's policy of developing strong partnerships, I know the Counterterrorism Partnership Fund we are helping to build capacity among our partners across the civilian agencies so not just in--and our DOD colleagues handle that on the military side, but we helped to build improved CT legislation, improved judicial capability to prosecute terrorist suspects, improved border security measures, improved civilian security agencies.    All of those programs are funded through the support you provide to our bureau, and that is what we execute in our foreign assistance. So on the one level we are working diplomatically to build coalitions to address our terrorism challenges, and then we are trying to build capacity in our partners to address those in the regions from which these threats emanate.    Mr. Siberell. Thank you for the question, Congressman.    With Tunisia, I agree entirely that that is a country that is passing through a very important political transition but that has caused significant fragility within the government system. And you can absolutely correlate the rise of terrorist groups to failures in governance in certain parts of the world and certainly in North Africa and the Middle East. And we see that in Libya, obviously, and Yemen and other places where the government has collapsed and the terrorist groups rise.    So it is absolutely important that we help the Tunisian Government through this transition, and that absolutely includes economic support to assist the government to ensure that their economy produces the jobs and hopes and opportunities for young people that have high expectations from this political transition.    Our counterterrorism assistance is also robust with the Tunisian Government and has grown. They face a significant threat from regional groups like al-Qaeda and the Islamic Maghreb who have come out of Algeria and have brought threats into Tunisia. Of course, we have seen the attacks on the museum and the tourist site in Sousse. Those were planned by individuals----    Mr. Siberell. Yes. So this is a country under assault effectively from these terrorist groups, and it does require a comprehensive response from us----    Mr. Siberell. I am sorry, sir. The action is to restrict the sharing of information with----    Mr. Siberell . Law enforcement----    Mr. Siberell. Well, I think we rely upon a cooperative relationship with the social media companies, and that is primarily the work domestically of the FBI, Department of Justice. A cooperative relationship is important because those companies, through their terms of service, are in the best position to identify content which can be helpful to those groups in radicalization and----    Mr. Siberell. Yes, indeed, indeed. The Global Engagement Center to which you just referred has launched several thematic campaigns to amplify messaging, including they ran a campaign of formers or defectors. Those who had gone off to Iraq and Syria had a disillusioning experience and then were putting their testimonials on social media as a way to push back and counter the narrative that ISIL has put out about its caliphates.    Mr. Siberell. Well, there are two things I can point to. One is another one of the thematic campaigns that the GEC ran, which was centered around families and the impact upon families of those who have gone off to fight for these terrorist groups. And that was a very effective campaign, and it did focus in large part on mothers and the role in the family.    The second is we have undertaken in a number of our Countering Violent Extremism programs to focus on women because, as you noted, women are in a unique position in most communities to identify the signs of radicalization or the infiltration of ideas and ideology of the terrorist groups. So they are a primary recipient of our Countering Violent Extremism programming effort.    I will also say, however, that they are difficult to reach because this is at the community level, and we have to get our programming down to that level. And that is why we work with partners like USAID who have the connections in many cases through their development work to reach women and build networks of women, which they have a history also of doing in many parts of the world successfully.    Mr. Siberell. Well, we have 102 authorized full-time employment positions in the Bureau of Counterterrorism, 93 of which are filled. That leaves nine vacancies, and of those nine vacancies, eight are in the process of being filled or being advertised. So I think we are doing a pretty good job in addressing what the GAO had found in the last several years.    The Bureau was established as a result of the 2011 QDDR. It really became a bureau in 2012. We were allotted a surge of new positions, and it did take some time for the Bureau to process through those, but we have done that and now we are in fairly good shape and are hiring.    Mr. Siberell. Thank you, sir.    Mr. Siberell. Thank you, Congressman. In Libya it is a very difficult, fluid situation, as you have noted, basically chaotic, and you have militias that are squaring off against Daesh principally in the area around Sirte in the center of the country. Those militias are not yet integrated into a Libyan national force, so sharing arms or assisting those groups on the ground would be a complicated and difficult endeavor. In some cases, however, there are those sub-state actors who are in the best position to confront ISIL, so navigating that landscape while ensuring that those arms would no transfer over to ISIL would be a significant task and a very difficult one.    Mr. Siberell. Well, sir, if you are speaking about coordination of the domestic level among the national security agencies or the law enforcement agencies, I may not be the best place to----    Mr. Siberell. Yes.    Mr. Siberell. I would say that in my own experience, the counterterrorism community and the U.S. Government is extremely well coordinated and integrated in so far as when there is an incident like the Boston Marathon bombers and the need to understand the linkages that might exist in a different country.    Same thing with the San Bernardino attack. There is very close cooperation between the FBI, the principal investigative arm of the U.S. Government, and FBI agents who might be posted at our Embassies abroad or representatives of the intelligence agencies who can help to pull back the threads on any connections. And that is always one of the very first questions, of course, that arises in a domestic terrorism incident: Is there a connection to an international organization or is this directed by a group outside the United States?    And particularly for these attacks like the one in San Bernardino, we see ISIL trying to inspire attacks, and those questions are always asked and then referred to the host country where we work with the intelligence agencies, the law enforcement agencies in those countries to develop those threats.    Mr. Siberell. Well, I can say, sir, in general terms on a global basis we are quite concerned about how governments undertake their own counterterrorism efforts domestically. And those governments that might use counterterrorism as a justification for acts that transgressed human rights or that are heavy-handed, let's say, in their security approach might actually drive the grievances that are leading to the terrorism in the first place. So that is a conversation we have globally with many, many partners around the world, and it is something that we watch very closely.    Mr. Siberell. Thank you. Thank you.