    Mr. Green. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And I want to thank our witnesses. I apologize for goings and comings of the members because we had votes today. I guess for this hearing, the good news is that Homeland Security will stay in business.    But as we all know, last month, with the health insurer, Anthem, disclosed a significant breach of up to 80 million of its customers and employees. It is my understanding that the breach does not involve any credit or banking information, nor that there is evidence at this time that any medical information was obtained. While I appreciate the steps Anthem has taken to make it right with their customers, I do have some general questions on cybersecurity in the healthcare sector.    Dr. Shannon, is there any reason to believe that the healthcare industry is more vulnerable than other sectors to these type of data breaches, and do we have any reason to believe that the health sector is underinvesting in cybersecurity protections?    Mr. Green. Which--that was in 1996, so----    Mr. Green. Yes.    Mr. Green. OK. Mr. Bejtlich?    Mr. Green. OK. Mr. Bejtlich, a different question. Is the health sector a particularly attractive target to hackers seeking to sell that personally identifiable information in the black market because, even though they didn't get maybe medical records, but they get social security numbers and everything else. Is that----    Mr. Green. Who are the potential buyers for that kind of information?    Mr. Green. OK. Could stolen medical data be used to falsely bill for medical services, such as Medicaid or Medicare?    Mr. Green. OK. I thank you. I would like to move the issue of notification of the patients in the event of a breach of medical information. Under current law, healthcare entities must provide notification of breaches of unsecured protected health information. Health information is considered unsecured essentially if it is not encrypted. Covered entities must notify affected individuals of a breach of unsecured protected health information within 60 days following the discovery of the breach. I think it is important to note that healthcare entities and medical information are already governed by a set of federal guidelines. I would like to ask all three panelists an open question about applying these standards. First, if you have 60 days to notify them, the cat is already out the door, it seems like, if you have that much time. Are there some basic standards such as encryption of certain data, or breach notification standards, that we may want to consider adopting as part of a federal cybersecurity guideline or national standard?    Mr. Green. Yes.    Mr. Green. OK. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I yield back my time.