    Mr. Cummings. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman. And I, first of all, want to thank you, Mr. Chairman, for your hard work and staff on both sides working so hard for a long time to try to resolve the many complex issues that Postal Service faces. And I want to thank the Postal Service community and all of those affected by it because there is a genuine effort to try to come to some type of resolution that is a win-win-win-win for everybody. And I express my appreciation because it helps us as we move along.    I also want to thank our witnesses for being here to discuss ideas for addressing the significant challenges facing this very critical institution. Since its establishment more than 240 years ago, the Postal Service has served as the critical link that touches each one of our lives and connects us all together, our families, our businesses, and our communities.    Through more than 32,000 post offices staffed by more than 600,000 people, the Postal Service delivers more than 150 billion pieces of mail a year to more than 150 million addresses. Since the last postal reform legislation was enacted some 10 years ago, the Postal Service has encountered deepening financial challenges. As a result of the increasing popularity of one-line communications and transactions, the volume of mail handled by the Postal Service has fallen by more than 25 percent since 2006, and this trend is expected to continue.    The cost of the Postal Service's operations have also risen in part because the Postal Service is required to provide universal delivery service to every address in the United States. Every year, about 900,000 new addresses are created in this country, and the Postal Service, its network and facilities, letter carriers and workers must expanded to deliver to every single new address.    Congress has also imposed substantial burdens on the Postal Service that have nothing to do with providing universal service. The Postal Accountability and Enhancement Act of 2006 required the Postal Service to fully prefund its liabilities for retiree health care costs, a requirement that no other Federal agency or private sector company faces. These liabilities, together with unfunded pension liabilities, currently amount to about $125 billion, which is almost double the agency's annual revenues.    Since 2006, the Postal Service has instituted many cost-saving measures, including the following: cutting 200,000 positions through attrition, cutting work hours by 331 million, consolidating more than 360 facilities and 20,000 delivery routes, and changing retail operation hours in approximately 13,000 post offices to match customer demand and reducing the number of administrative areas and districts.    And let me say this. I have said it to their faces; I have said it behind their backs. I think the unions have bent over backwards trying to work with the Postal Service and have done--I mean, of all the committees I have sat on and dealt with, I think here we have a genuine effort by unions to understand what is going on, to make sure that they do right by their members, and at the same time make sure that we have a viable and strong postal system. And I want to thank them.    The Postal Service reports that these initiatives have saved the agency some $15 billion a year. However, there are significant legal restrictions that limit the Postal Service's ability to cut costs and introduce new products to counteract its deteriorating financial condition. As a result, despite its diligent efforts, the Postal Service has reported a net loss of $5.1 billion for fiscal year 2015, its ninth consecutive year of losses. The Postal Service projects $5.9 billion in net losses for fiscal year 2016.    Only Congress can modify the nature and the structure of the funding obligations imposed by statute on the Postal Service's health care and pension programs. Of course, these problems are not new, and we have gone far down the road of developing reform legislation in previous Congresses. But Congress has been unable to reach a final bill. The time now is to act.    And so I want to again thank you, Mr. Chairman, for your commitment to working on a bipartisan basis, and it truly has been bipartisan with me and other colleagues to develop a realistic reform proposal. I am encouraged by our discussion and hopeful that we will be able to help put the Postal Service on a viable and sustainable path.    I believe that any postal reform legislation that this committee considers should do the following, as I close: alleviate the burdensome requirement for prefunding retiree health benefits, allow the Postal Service to have separate postal-only health plans that integrate fully with Medicare, allow the Postal Service to offer non-postal financial services such as post-office-to-post-office money orders and certain types of gift cards, and require the Postal Service to create a new chief innovation officer charged with developing new, innovative products, as any other business.    And so we need to work together to address the problems facing the Postal Service, and we need to treat the employees of the Postal Service fairly and compassionately. Waiting until the Postal Service runs out of cash is simply not an option. The Postal Service is an institution on which all Americans rely.    And finally, I want to thank Mr. Connelly and Mr. Lynch for their hard work on this effort. We have met many times trying to get through this, and we will.    And so, ladies and gentlemen, we simply cannot fail. We simply cannot kick the can down the road. The time to act is now, and I do believe that we are well on the road to accomplishing that.    And with that, I yield back.    Mr. Cummings. Thank you very much.    You know, the Postal Service has come up with methods to save some $15 billion per year, is that right, Ms. Brennan?    Mr. Cummings. And I have always been concerned about making sure that we save as much money as possible. At the same time, I was hoping that we could find ways to bring in more money. So, Ms. Rectanus and Mr. Taub, do you agree that in order to be financially viable long-term it is important for the Postal Service to develop innovative products and services?    Mr. Cummings. And so you end up in a no-spot?    Mr. Cummings. You know, it is kind of hard. On the one hand we want them to be able to bring in more money, but then we tie their hands and shackle their feet and say we don't want you to do this and don't want you to do that. So what do you recommend that they do? I mean, what would you--and, Mr. Taub, you certainly are--you look like you are anxious to join in on this, so I would like to hear what you all have to say because it becomes very frustrating ----    Mr. Cummings. I am talking about things that are going to be profitable. I don't want anything that is not profitable, and I think Ms. Brennan would--that doesn't even make sense. Let's take that off the table.    Mr. Cummings. We are talking about profitable things. Let's go from there.    Mr. Cummings. Now, Postmaster General, you have been in this position for a little while now, and I am just wondering, you know, talk about what you all have been trying to do and how that has worked out and with a more perfect situation what you would like to be able to do.    Mr. Cummings. In that regard.    Mr. Cummings. You know, I visited the Amazon plant--as a matter of fact, the chairman and I went--in Maryland, and it was amazing to hear them talk about the last mile and how much they couldn't do their job unless the Postal Service was a part of it. How much is that helping you ----    Mr. Cummings. I mean, what do you see--what do you project in the future with regard to that? Do you see an expansion of that? It seems like this online shopping--and I literally go, you know, to the mall myself, but apparently that is old-fashioned now. So do you see that expanding more?    Mr. Cummings. Not my thing, I am talking about the ----    Mr. Cummings. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Cummings. I want to thank you all for your testimony.    I just think that we have got to get this done. I mean, we can go around this circle forever and ever and be in the same place 10 years from now. Again, I want to thank all of you all for coming to the table.    But I am interested in what the chairman said about government-to-government. Do you see that, I mean, growing or going, Postmaster General?    Mr. Cummings. And how will we get there? I mean, how would you ----    Mr. Cummings. Certainly, we would not want you to go into something that is going to not yield a sufficient profit. That doesn't make any sense. And we certainly don't want to burden you with more obligations when the yield is simply to cost more. That is ridiculous. But I am hoping that we will be able to resolve some of these things and, as I said, resolve them soon.    Again, thank you very much.