    Mr. RICCO. Good morning, Chairman Huelskamp, Ranking Member Chu, and other Subcommittee members. Thank you for this opportunity to provide testimony before the Subcommittee on Economic Growth, Tax, and Capital Access. My name is Michael Ricco. I am the quality manager for AEEC, a women and minority-owned small business located here in Reston, Virginia. Our president, Sangita Patil, wishes she could be here in person but she had a conflict.    AEEC is an award-winning, professional services organization offering top-quality technology, environmental, and engineering solutions to U.S. Federal Government and Fortune 50 customers since 1995. We support our customers' requirements and offer a range of customized solutions with the highest degree of honesty, integrity, and service excellence. We offer solutions that are efficient, appropriate, and worthy of investment. Our company is also a member of the U.S. Women's Chamber of Commerce. While I would like to testify today that my company has been able to benefit from the Small Business Health Care Tax Credit, that is, unfortunately, not the case because we are ineligible for the following reasons: First, we are ineligible because we have more than 25 employees. As this Subcommittee is well aware, there are many differing definitions of what a small business is, ranging from 50 to 100 to sometimes even 500 employees. The size standards for companies to use this health care tax credit is on the woefully low side and should be increased so that many more legitimate small businesses can take advantage of this tax credit.    Second, we are an IT company, and as such, our employees tend to earn higher salaries than many other employees working in small businesses nationwide. Therefore, we do not qualify because our workers on average make more than $50,000, which is the current cap as stated in the implementation language governing this credit. We question the fairness of this cap because in essence, it punishes our company for paying our employers a higher wage. This limitation in our view should be removed from the eligibility requirements of this tax credit.    Why do I say these changes should be made? Because AEEC would very much like to use this credit. Receiving a tax credit for up to 50 percent of our healthcare costs would certainly help us reduce our own costs. We all know, and as pointed out in the GAO report, plans for small employers are likely to have higher premiums, less coverage, and higher costs than plans for large employers, yet we, as a small business, want to do the right thing and provide healthcare coverage for our hardworking employees. AEEC has long provided healthcare coverage to all of our employees, and we go far beyond the minimum coverage now required by the Affordable Care Act. Our package would fall in the platinum or high gold range, so expanding the tax credit would go a long way to help us pay for premium increases and cover the additional compliance and reporting requirements that have come with the ACA.    Here is something else to consider. The expectations that would-be employees have for benefits coverage get higher with salary levels. For example, a cashier at a fast food restaurant might be thrilled getting any healthcare coverage, but a senior data architect expects to have a platinum healthcare package. This makes small businesses like ours among the most in need for a tax credit.    Finally, I would like to stress that although the ACA very much helps very small businesses with subsidies, large business benefit from large pools that keep their costs down. It is the small businesses in the middle, particularly those between 50 and 100 employees, that would benefit the most from this health care tax credit. Therefore, I would ask this Subcommittee to consider making changes to this credit so that more small businesses that are so critical to our Nation's economy can be better able financially to pay for these healthcare costs.    Two changes I have already mentioned, increasing the eligibility threshold for the number of employees that work at a small business and removing the wage barrier that excludes so many businesses from eligibility. Two other reforms that we would recommend are increasing the credit so that it is more cost-effective for small businesses to actually use it and to make it last longer than 2 consecutive years.    Again, thank you for this opportunity to address this Subcommittee. AEEC is dedicated to providing our employees with the best healthcare coverage possible; yet, the fact remains that we are still a small business and these costs are quite high. We would urge this Subcommittee to put forth language that would make this important health care tax credit more accessible to the small businesses in our Nation that I would like to point out, on average, account for over 60 percent of all net new jobs created in this country.    I would be happy to answer any of your questions. Thank you.    Mr. RICCO. In our situation, it was adequate because it was very clear what the size standards were, 25 or fewer employees, average of $50,000 or less. If you could not hit those, there was no sense in looking further. So, for us and many other small businesses in our situation, we could tell right away we were not eligible. Now, that may not be the case for smaller businesses that would have; however, there was information out there and they could have reached out.    Mr. RICCO. Well, it certainly makes sense to have size standards, because small businesses are in much greater need for a tax credit than larger companies. However, I think it would have made a lot more sense to base if off of NAICS codes. The government already sets NAICS codes for every industry. If you want to be a Federal contractor, you have to fall into those. Every business knows what their NAICS codes are. It would not take any type of change to use that as the basis instead of this arbitrary 25 employee, $50,000 cap.    Mr. RICCO. Well, like I mentioned before, I would certainly do it by NAICS code or a similar mechanism. I would also get rid of the way that it is tied to the States with the amount that you can get back because that just adds another calculation that gets factored in for a small business to figure out how much money they are actually going to get back with a subsidy like that. You could also look at making a more uniform change that will help small businesses pay for the additional compliance and reporting costs that we have associated now that we have got to comply with these new mandates.