    Mr. Tonko. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Thank you to our witnesses.    Certainly we are citing a 40-year history here. And again to repeat what my colleague from Vermont indicated, we have to look at some of the trade situations too. Where offshoring of jobs might have helped some families retain those jobs and be able to afford these items. And this job loss thing I think is much more complex than just suggesting standards caused it.    Our energy efficiency standards have improved products that benefit all of our constituents. Many of these are not luxury goods but necessities found in nearly every home. We have heard support for national efficiency standards from manufacturers and consumers and we have heard from industries from States from environmental groups that there is consensus that this program has been a success.    I am certainly open to improving the program, but improvements cannot undermine the purpose of this program. And while we look for those improvements, we should not lose sight of the fact that this program is incredibly successful. While there have been a few contentious rules, it is my understanding that of the final rules issued since 2009, almost one-quarter were the result of negotiating consensus agreements and only five have been subject to litigation.    So to our witnesses, do you agree many of these rules have been consensus driven?    Mr. Tonko. OK. And I think it is worth noting that DOE has a history of working to improve the program especially around increasing stakeholder engagement dating back to the 1990s.    A few years ago DOE established as I understand the Appliance Standards Regulatory Advisory Committee which formalized the process for negotiated consensus rulemakings for the first time.    A number of our witnesses participate on this committee which includes again manufacturers, trade associations, States and consumer groups. Can anyone comment on this committee's work and what it is as a--what it might be as a positive step to formalize this process? Mr. Eckman.    Mr. Tonko. Does anyone else----    Mr. Tonko. OK. Thank you. Mr. Cosgriff?    Mr. Tonko. Thank you. Anyone else? McGuire?