    Ms. Plaskett. Good afternoon and thank you very much, Madam Chair.    Thank you, testifiers for being here.    I think it is very interesting and should be noted for the record that the EPA is not here for this hearing because we are in a proposed rulemaking position and therefore, it would be inappropriate for them at this time to testify on this matter. I think we need to reflect on the fact these are proposals as yet and not, in fact, rules.    It appears this is not a new issue and there is a lot of rhetoric in the industry right now about the EPA's proposed Clean Water Power Plan, the ozone regulations killing jobs, and excessively raising industry compliance costs. Ms. Rutledge talked about a perfect storm.    These sky is falling claims don't appear to be new. As a matter of fact, I have from June 2014, which I would like to submit to the record, a fact sheet prepared under Ranking Member Henry Waxman which gives facts on the Clean Air track record and pollution reductions.    Since its adoption in 1970, there has been a reduction in key air pollutants by over 70 percent while the economy has more than tripled in size.    Dr. Tierney, do you think the economic predictions currently used by the industry regarding clean power plant and ozone rules are reasonable?    Ms. Plaskett. I live on an island that has to balance clean air. The importance of our natural resources is of paramount concern to us. At the same time, we also had one of the largest oil refineries in the United States which was a balance between having jobs for our people as well as protecting our sun and sand.    Dr. Harrison, I wanted to ask you if you have looked at the long term economic and social benefits of the rules? Are there any, in your opinion?    Ms. Plaskett. Do you not believe that there are any because an impact would have to look at the negative as well as the positive, correct?    Ms. Plaskett. How can you analyze an impact in terms of its economic impact negatively if you don't look and determine also and measure the economic benefits of that?    Ms. Plaskett. Your study was merely to look at the negative impacts?    Ms. Plaskett. Ms. Tierney, did you see what those social or economic benefits were?    Ms. Plaskett. Thank you. I have exhausted my time and I thank you for your indulgence, Madam Chairwoman.    Ms. Plaskett. Thank you very much for everyone's patience here this evening.    My question was actually already asked and Ms. Tierney did not have time to respond to my question to discuss some of the economic and social benefits you see from the ozone rule.    Ms. Plaskett. When you look at particularly poor communities, quite often the individuals living close to some of these places, particularly in my own area, I know there are families that have very high incidents of asthma as well as just starting to look at cancer registration from some of these plants.    Those also have an enormous economic impact on a society and a jurisdiction for having to deal with those kinds of issues. Do we measure those things in terms of these Acts?    Ms. Plaskett. Thank you.    I just want to say our own jurisdiction has also feelings about paternalism on the part of EPA to striking the correct balance and not being unnecessarily helpful to the economy. We have to look at the long-term effects of some of these rules.    Thank you very much.