    Mr. Poe. Thank you, Director. I appreciate you being here.    Start with a little--some basics. The Fourth Amendment protects citizens from government. Citizens have rights; government has power. There is nowhere I see in the Fourth Amendment that there is an except-for-terrorists-cases exception or fear cases, that the Fourth Amendment should be waived. I signed lots of warrants in 22 years from everybody, including the FBI. Four corners of the warrant, what is to be searched, and law enforcement typically would fulfill the duty or ability in that warrant as far as they could, which is a good thing, and return the warrant.    Now we have a situation where the issue is not lawful possession. FBI is in lawful possession of the San Bernardino phone; lawful possession of the phone in New York. Do you agree with me on that?    Mr. Poe. So we're not talking about whether the phones are in lawful possession. The issue is whether--the specific issue is whether government can force Apple, in this case, to give them the golden key to unlock the safe because they can't develop the key. I know that's kind of simplistic, but is that a fair statement or not?    Mr. Poe. Not? Let me ask you this--okay, you say it is not. Apple develops the software and gives it to--and unlocks the phone, but this is not the only phone in question. Is that correct? There are other phones that FBI has in lawful possession that you can't get into.    Mr. Poe. All right. There's several. How many cases do you have in lawful possession that you want to get into the phone but you can't get into it because you don't have the software to break into it or to get into it?    Mr. Poe. A lot.    Mr. Poe. But you are in lawful possession of all these phones. This is not the issue of whether FBI lawfully possesses them. You have these phones. You can't get into them. Here is a specific phone. You want iPhone--Apple to develop software to get into this phone.    My question is, what would prevent the FBI from then taking that software and going into all those other phones you have and future phones you seize?    Mr. Poe. So, rather than giving you the key, it's really you want Apple to turn the security system off so they can get into the phone or you can get into the phone?    Mr. Poe. Or like the Viper system that Mr. Issa developed. Turn off the Viper system so you can get into the phone.    And it boils down to the fact of whether or not government has the ability to demand that occur. We have two court rulings. They are different. I have read the opinions. They are different, a little different cases. Would you agree or not, Congress has to resolve this problem? We shouldn't leave it up to the judiciary to make this decision. Congress should resolve the problem and determine exactly what the expectation of privacy is in these particular situations of encryption or no encryption; key, no key? Do you agree or not?    Mr. Poe. And only--the Congress should then resolve, what is the expectation of privacy in this high-tech atmosphere of all this information stored in many different places on the cloud, on the phone, wherever it's stored, and--would you agree or not? I am just asking, should Congress resolve this issue of expectation of privacy of the American citizens?    Mr. Poe. I agree with you. I think it's Congress' responsibility to determine the expectation of privacy in this high-tech world.    And I yield back, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Poe. Thank the Chairman.    Thank you all for being here. Fascinating, important discussion on this issue of, as you say, security/insecurity.    As you know, I'm a former prosecutor and former judge, and dealt with warrants for 30 years, either requesting them or signing them. And this particular case, I think we're really talking about two cases now. We're talking not just about the San Bernardino case, but the New York case as well. Different facts, different issues.    Fourth Amendment, we have discussed--Fourth Amendment doesn't really apply too much to this situation, because the possession of the item is lawful in the possession of government. I do think it's ironic, however, we're talking about privacy, United States is supposed to lead on the issue, I think, on the issue of privacy. We're the only one that has a Fourth Amendment. But we see that other countries seem to have more concern about privacy in their technology than maybe we do. I find that somewhat ironic.    Let me ask you a couple questions. You discuss the idea of constitutional right, right of privacy. But in one of your testimonies, and I think it was Mr. Nadler from New York, he and I have a language barrier problem, so I'm not sure I understood his question. You mentioned the First Amendment and the Fifth Amendment. Is that correct?    Mr. Poe. Briefly explain how you see this as a First Amendment issue as well as a Fifth Amendment issue. We don't need to talk about the Fourth Amendment. We've discussed that.    Mr. Poe. All right. Thank you.    What this request, the results of the request, how would that affect Apple worldwide in other countries?    Mr. Poe. One of the questions that was asked was talking about what is your solution, and I actually agree with Mr. Nadler. I know this is going to bother him a little bit, that there may be, after all this litigation, and there may be a solution that we haven't thought of yet, but would not one option be Congress taking the position that prohibits the backdoor key security system, the Viper system, as I call it, from----    Mr. Poe. I said that earlier but you stepped out. The Viper system from being imposed, required, prohibit that from government requiring that type of system in specific technology like an iPhone?    Mr. Poe. Prohibit the key.    Let me ask you something else. If courts rule that you're required to develop the technology, develop the software, would that software be able to be used on all those other hundreds of phones that are out there that the government lawfully has in their possession but they can't get into?    Mr. Poe. And my last question, would other countries then, if U.S. takes the position thou shalt give government the key, what will other countries, like China, require or request or demand of Apple?    Mr. Poe. All right. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I yield back.