    Mr. Smith. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I appreciate you holding this hearing.    I want to thank General Campbell for being here and also for his service. I think he is the absolute right man for the job in Afghanistan. Certainly he has had a lot of experience there in a number of different roles during our conflict in Afghanistan.    And I think there has been progress just since General Campbell took over, and I will go ahead and give you all the credit for this. They finally arrived at a power-sharing arrangement within the Afghan government; signed a bilateral security agreement; and really laid the foundation, at least, to build off that solid government and build a partnership, unlike in Iraq, where we had, you know, very, very strong difficulty getting any sort of bilateral security agreement that would allow us to stay. We have achieved that.    As the chairman mentioned, President Ghani wants us to be there, and hopefully we can make that relationship work to help maintain the security.    Ultimately that, you know, that is the big challenge. Afghanistan has got to be responsible for itself. They have got to be able to provide for their own security, and they have made great strides in doing that.    As I am sure the general will point out, they have taken over the primary security role throughout the country and have done okay. Not going to, you know, sugar-coat that. It is still a very tough fight.    But they have held their own, they have managed to keep the country relatively stable in light of the insurgency, and we need to build on that because ultimately in Afghanistan and Iraq and all of these countries, Western military forces cannot impose security on another country. There is, you know, I mean, a fine line between helping them and appearing like a foreign occupying force. In this case, as we draw down and up the responsibility of the Afghan security forces, I think we have done it about right, giving them that responsibility.    But going forward, there will continue to be many, many challenges. The government still has corruption problems. The Taliban are still very active. The border issues with Pakistan have not been resolved.    And we definitely have a security interest in that region. As I have said many times before in this committee, I wish we didn't. It is a very, very difficult place to deal with.    But we do. The Taliban, Al Qaeda, these are groups that are part of the larger movement that threatens us, so we need a strong presence there that can help contain that--but again, hopefully one that builds towards self-sufficiency and the Afghan people being able to stand on their own, provide for their own security and their own governance.    I look forward to hearing from the general today on how we are progressing on those goals and where we go from here.    With that, I yield back. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    The Chairman. Thank you, sir.    Just on an administrative note, all members' offices were notified yesterday that for the purposes of this hearing we are going to go in reverse order for those who were here at the gavel. Part of my thinking is we have had a number of members--newer members who have sat through a long time on other hearings before you have gotten to answer questions. In addition, those of us who have been here a while have had the opportunity to ask a number of questions about Afghanistan, and so this is a good opportunity for newer members.    So after we hear from General Campbell, we will start at--go in reverse order for everyone who was here at the time of the gavel, and then, as we always do, recognize members in their order of appearance of coming into the committee room.    So, General Campbell, again, thank you for making time to be with us. Without objection, your full written statement will be made part of the record, and the floor is yours.    General Campbell. Chairman Thornberry, Ranking Member Smith, and distinguished members of the committee, thank you, really, for the opportunity to appear before you today. I am honored to lead and represent the service men and women of United States Forces-Afghanistan.    And I would like to begin by thanking the committee for your steadfast support of our soldiers, our sailors, our airmen, our marines, and our civilians. And due to your leadership and commitment, they are the best-trained, best-equipped force our Nation has ever deployed, and their outstanding performance bears testimony to your backing and the backing of the American people, so thank you very much.    I would like to pay tribute to our military families. They are the unsung heroes of the last 13-plus years of our conflict. In many ways, our frequent absences from home are harder on them than they are on us, and without their love and support and their strength, we could not succeed. So I thank the military families.    I would also like to recognize the over 2,200 service men and women who have been killed in action in Afghanistan and the over 20,000-plus who have been wounded. Each day we strive to bring meaning to their sacrifices. And we honor their memories and their loved ones by continuing to build a secure and stable Afghanistan and by protecting our own homeland.    Over 13 years have passed since the 9/11 attacks, and we haven't forgotten why we first came to Afghanistan and why we remain there. And since 2001 the extraordinary efforts and courage of our forces have ensured that another terrorist attack originating from Afghanistan and directed against the U.S. homeland has not occurred.    Over 6 months have passed since I assumed command, and much has changed since then. Afghanistan, the region, the enemy, and our coalition have undergone many tremendous transitions, and most of these have been very positive.    I would like to emphasize a few of these today in order to place our current campaign in context and to really reaffirm the conditions that exist for us to achieve an enduring peace and potential strategic win for Afghanistan.    And in September Afghanistan completed the first peaceful, democratic transition in its history, and this was after a prolonged--very prolonged campaign. And this transition was a monumental achievement. It represented the Afghans' commitment to a democratic and open society.    The difference between the new national unity government and its predecessors is night and day. President Ghani and chief executive Abdullah have embraced the international community, our coalition, and the Afghan National Defense Security Forces, or the ANDSF.    Our partnership is strong. We now have a ratified bilateral security agreement, and, sir, I would just tell you, a lot of people worked very, very hard for that; and the NATO status of the forces agreement, which grant us necessary authorities to continue our mission.    Dynamics within the region continue to evolve, as well. President Ghani has made regional engagement a top priority in order to address shared security and economic interest. Nowhere is this more evident than in Pakistan and Afghan relations. The Pakistani Taliban's murderous attack in Peshawar on 16 December may prove to be their 9/11 and really a game-changer for the region.    Most senior Pakistani officials recognize that they can no longer separate good terrorists from bad terrorists. And in the last few months I have witnessed firsthand substantive improvement in the interactions between Afghan and Pakistani militaries. They are now talking.    General Raheel, the Pakistan army chief of staff, remarked during his recent trip to Kabul, ``The enemies of Afghanistan are the enemies of Pakistan.'' And this is a constructive admission, and we are doing everything we can to promote their closer cooperation. And while we must temper our expectations, I remain optimistic that both countries are working towards a more productive relationship.    The enemy remains in a state of flux, too. The Taliban failed to achieve any of their stated goals in 2014. They failed to disrupt the elections; they failed to undermine the political transition; and they failed to prevent the Afghan government from signing a long-term security agreement with both NATO and the United States.    On the battlefield they achieved no enduring gains. Mullah Omar hasn't been seen in years.    The Taliban's senior leadership is in disarray. Constantly pressured by the ANDSF, suffering from dissension within their own ranks, and lacking popular support, they have turned to high-profile terrorist attacks, particularly against soft targets inside of Kabul. In a desperate attempt to remain relevant, they are failing to win over the Afghan population.    With the coalition off the battlefield, they are primarily killing their fellow Afghans and Muslims, and they are murdering innocent civilians. And it is time now for them to lay down their arms and heed President Ghani's call to help rebuild the Afghan nation.    The possible rise of Daesh, or ISIL, is also a new development. Thus far, we believe that the Daesh presence in Afghanistan represents more of a rebranding of some of the marginalized Taliban, but we are still taking this potential threat, with its dangerous rhetoric and ideology, very, very seriously. We are working very closely with the ANDSF to evaluate and understand the dynamic nature of this fledging network.    The potential emergence of Daesh represents an additional opportunity to bring both Afghanistan and Pakistanis together to confront this common threat. We will continue to engage leaders from both countries on ways we can collaborate to meet this challenge. We are all driven to prevent Daesh from establishing a meaningful foothold in Central Asia.    United States Forces-Afghanistan and our coalition have undergone tremendous changes, as well, here in the last 6 months. On January 1st, United States Forces-Afghanistan formally ended its combat mission, Operation Enduring Freedom, and commenced its new mission, Operation Freedom's Sentinel.    We have also ended all detainee operations. Simultaneously, troops from 41 nations, which comprise the new NATO mission, Resolute Support, began executing their train, advise, and assist mission in order to develop the capabilities and long-term sustainability of the ANDSF.    On January 1st the ANDSF also assumed full security responsibilities. They are ready, and it is time. In their second fighting season in the lead, the ANDSF were challenged and tested, but they held their own against a very determined enemy.    On the battlefield, the ANDSF fought tenaciously and demonstrated their increasing capabilities. Today, the government of Islamic Republic of Afghanistan remains firmly in control of all 34 of its provincial capitals and all of its major cities.    The Afghan special forces, in particular, have proven to be the most proficient in the entire region. They have constantly executed unilateral, direct-action missions using their own intelligence, using their own Special Mission Wing helicopters to carry out long-range insertions in low illumination. These are remarkable capabilities for any military.    For both the ANDSF and coalition, Afghanistan continues to be a dangerous place. Tragically, we lost a coalition soldier from Turkey last Thursday in a suicide attack inside of Kabul.    ANDSF casualty rates increased in 2004--or 2014, excuse me--roughly 5 to 7 percent higher than they were in 2013. However, I think this must be viewed in light of the fact that their operational tempo was four times greater than it was in 2013 and that over 100,000 coalition forces were not on the battlefield. Even considering the higher casualty rates, the ANDSF attrition rates, which account for all losses to the force, have not impacted combat readiness too severely.    Army and police recruiting has not been a problem. Afghan youths continue to join the ranks of the ANDSF.    And service in the security forces is widely respected and viewed as an honorable, patriotic profession. The Afghan National Army remains the most trusted institution in the country.    On balance, after watching the ANDSF respond to a variety of challenges over the past 6 months, I don't believe the insurgents represent an existential threat to the government. However, ANDSF still need a great deal of help in developing the systems and processes necessary to run a modern, professional army and police force.    They also need sustained support in addressing the capability gaps of aviation, intelligence, sustainment, and special operations. To address these gaps, our advisory mission and mentorship will continue to be vital. Our advisors are at the security ministries, at the army corps level, in police zones, and those remain our main efforts.    Although clear challenges exist, I do believe that the ANDSF capabilities, their capacities, and their morale will be sufficient, backstopped by our advisory efforts. And this will provide for Afghanistan's long-term security by the end of the Resolute Support Mission.    President Ghani recently remarked that, ``Compelled by tragedy and cemented by mutual sacrifice, the partnership between Afghanistan, NATO, and the United States has entered a new phase.'' And I believe we are at a very critical inflection point in our campaign.    Many challenges remain before us as the new Afghan government continues to form. It is still finding its footing, and it must do so while contending with a security threat, corruption, and economic challenges.    Yet, all of these changes, transitions over the last 6 months offer us really a tremendous opening and an opportunity. The Ghani administration offers us a strategic opportunity to develop a strategic partnership that will stabilize Afghanistan and then, in turn, provide and offer greater security for the region, and ultimately the United States homeland.    There is a new spirit of cooperation in Kabul--something we didn't have before. And I firmly believe that our concurrent counterterrorism and train, advise, and assist efforts will reinforce and deepen our strategic partnership and shape conditions for a favorable outcome to this conflict.    We could offer no greater tribute to the American people, our fallen, and their loved ones, than by maintaining our commitment to a long-term stability of Afghanistan and the enduring protection of our homeland.    I would like to direct the members' attention to the charts and a couple photographs to your right front that we displayed. We have also provided paper copies for you to look at.    General Campbell. And I am often asked, ``What have we accomplished? What have we achieved? What is success? Has it been worth it?''    And I frequently share these statistics and images to underscore the tremendous progress that has taken place in Afghanistan in the last 13-plus years. Every measurable piece you take a look at--roadways, people who use the Internet, number of people in school, females in school, the workforce. Pretty incredible. It is unprecedented.    The life expectancy, increase of 21 years just in the last 13 years. That is unprecedented. A remarkable return on our investment.    And few countries advanced so rapidly over the last several years, and that is success. And the coalition and our ANDSF created the conditions for that success--741 million years--life years of Afghanistan people, based on new life expectancy.    And I want to underscore that we are underwriting this progress not just for the Afghans, but for the American people. And the Afghan stability and security contributes to our own.    The next two will be pictures of where we were in 2001 and where we are in 2014. And the first one shows inside of Kabul then, and on the bottom now. That is at Maiwand Circle. And then Kabul at day--or Kabul at night, I am sorry. Fifth fastest growing city in the country. Remarkable difference.    We have undercut the terrorist appeal, which feeds on desperation and instability. The hard work and significant sacrifices of countless U.S. and coalition military personnel and civilians over the last 13-plus years has created the conditions where Afghans can now take the responsibility for their own security and governance.    The Afghans welcome the opportunity to shape their destiny, but they will--still desire and need our assistance. We are supporting the emergence of a secure, prosperous Afghanistan that desires to be and can be our reliable strategic partner, and one that will never again allow terrorists to use its territory to launch--to plan and launch attacks against us.    President Ghani has asked for additional flexibility in the NATO and U.S. mission to account for the fact that his government remains in transition. He acknowledges that while the ANDSF are better equipped--better equipped and trained than ever, work remains to build their bureaucratic processes and systems. Additionally, he believes that a sustained U.S. and NATO commitment provides vital stability to the country as a new government solidifies--a tremendous psychological boost to the Afghan people.    We will continuously assess the progress of Resolute Support, and United States Forces-Afghanistan is currently involved in a comprehensive winter review of our campaign. And this review is taking a look at all of our lines of effort, not just the military.    And I have provided various options and recommendations for adjusting our force posture through my chain of command. One issue is to determine how long we should stay and can stay engaged at the regional level before we concentrate inside of Kabul.    Once again, I express my profound gratitude to the committee members for your unfailing support of our mission and our troops in Afghanistan. I am humbled and privileged to lead the men and women of their caliber and courage, and every day they are making all of us proud.    And I ask that, again, sir, as you said, that my written statement submitted earlier be taken for the record. I do look forward to your questions, and I notice that the first two rows are filled sir, so I look forward to that, as well.    So thank you.    The Chairman. Thank you, General.    And I would just say, I appreciate the data that you brought to us. Some of this is surprising to me, and I--some of the information about the attitudes of the Afghan people I think are helpful to us--are particularly helpful to us.    I think Mr. Smith and I are going to withhold our questions at the moment. I would request if we could put the posters down, just to--unless members have questions about it, just to not block folks' view.    And I would yield 5 minutes to the distinguished gentleman from New Jersey, Mr. MacArthur.