    Dr. Heck. Well, good morning. I want to welcome everyone today to today's Military Personnel Subcommittee's hearing on commissary reform. We are here today to hear from military service organizations and the grocery retail industry on the value of the commissary system to beneficiaries and the effects of any possible changes to the commissary's business model. As we are all well aware, commissary benefits are a valued part of our current and retired service member's compensation package and contribute to their and their family's overall quality of life.    The Military Personnel Subcommittee is taking every opportunity to thoroughly review and discuss the way forward on any commissary reform, and is committed to retaining the commissary benefit while improving the business practices of the commissary system and at the same time reducing its dependence on appropriated funds.    Our purpose today is to gain an understanding from the panel on their views of the possible effects to the beneficiaries or to the business practices of our industry partners of any changes to the commissary system business model.    Before I introduce my panel, I would like to offer Congresswoman Davis an opportunity to make any opening remarks.    Dr. Heck. Thank you, Mrs. Davis.    I now ask unanimous consent that the following testimony be entered into the record from the American Federation of Government Employees. Without objection, so ordered.    Dr. Heck. I also want to let our panel know that votes are scheduled some time between 11:15 and 11:30. We will push to 11:30 until the clock actually runs to zero on the vote. My goal is to get the hearing completed so we don't have to hold you here while we go vote.    We are joined again today by an outstanding panel. We will give each witness the opportunity to make opening comments and each member an opportunity to question the witnesses. I respectfully ask the witnesses to summarize to the greatest extent possible the high points of their written testimony in no more than 5 minutes. Your complete written statements will be entered into the hearing record. As a reminder, the lights in front of you will turn yellow when you have one minute remaining and red when your time has concluded.    We are joined today by Mr. Patrick Nixon, President of the American Logistics Association; Mr. Tom Gordy, President of the Armed Forces Marketing Council; Ms. Eileen Huck, Government Relations Deputy Director for the National Military Family Association; and Ms. Brooke Goldberg, Deputy Director for Government Relations, Military Officers Association of America.    With that, Mr. Nixon, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Dr. Heck. Thank you, Mr. Nixon.    Mr. Gordy.    Dr. Heck. Thank you.    Ms. Huck.    Dr. Heck. Thank you.    Ms. Goldberg.    Dr. Heck. Great. Thank you all very much for your testimony and for all of you staying within the 5-minute timeframe. I think it is the first for this panel.    I will ask Ms. Huck and Ms. Goldberg first. The committee has heard from DOD that military families desire the option of purchasing a private label product from their commissaries, and the studies done by BCG recommended that commissaries should offer private label products. Since private label products are uniformly offered in retail grocery outlets, do you believe that military patrons should be afforded the same choice as outside the gate, and why or why not?    Dr. Heck. Okay. Ms. Goldberg.    Dr. Heck. Great. Thank you.    I will ask Mr. Nixon and Mr. Gordy. I understand that you both, both organizations have concerns and disagreements with some of the BCG findings. If you could list your top one or two concerns with a particular finding, please do so.    Dr. Heck. Mr. Gordy.    Dr. Heck. Thank you. Thanks very much.    Mrs. Davis.    Dr. Heck. Mr. Walz.    Dr. Heck. Thank you.    Ms. Stefanik.    Dr. Heck. Mr. O'Rourke.    Dr. Heck. Mr. MacArthur.    Dr. Heck. Mr. Coffman.    Dr. Heck. Thank you.    You know, I understand that there certainly is the monetary savings is critically important, and I think the points that have been brought up about making sure we have the correct market basket and the correct analysis is critically important. As you mentioned, Ms. Goldberg, DeCA talks about a 30 percent savings, the BCG group with their modified basket had it somewhere around 20 percent or a little bit less.    Needless to say, there is a break point at which if there is not enough savings, people are going to walk. So for the sake of argument, let's say we want to maintain--we set a benchmark that the market basket savings has to be 30 percent. If variable pricing allows that 30 percent savings to be maintained over what is available outside the gate, whether you are shopping in a high-priced area or a lower priced area in the economy, as long as the service member and their family is getting that 30 percent savings over what is available outside the gate, what would be the downside to the pilot program of trying variable pricing? Ms. Goldberg.    Dr. Heck. Ms. Huck.    Dr. Heck. And so I would ask, is that a reasonable expectation that if you are living in San Francisco, you are going to pay the same amount for a grocery that you might be purchasing if you live in Tupelo, Mississippi? I mean, just for the sake, you know--again, the idea is that the level of savings should be based upon maintaining the foot traffic in the commissary, which means there has to be a savings over what that person would spend if they go outside the gate.    Dr. Heck. Okay. Mr. Gordy.    Dr. Heck. My time has expired.    Mrs. Davis, any other questions?    Dr. Heck. Well, since they have called votes, I want to thank our panel for taking the time to be here with us this morning and for your excellent testimony. Please, you know, stay in touch with the members of the subcommittee as we move forward. I want to assure everyone that our goal is to find efficiencies, create a benefit that is sustainable and valued by our service members. And we are all awaiting the GAO report and DOD's recommendations, and I am sure there will be another hearing once those come out. So, again, thank you all very much.    This meeting is adjourned.