    Mr. Cartwright. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank you to our witnesses for joining us today. I look forward to hearing how the administration is working to uphold this Nation's immigration laws. Following the issuance of the administration's executive actions on November 20, 2014, a lawsuit temporarily halted the rollout of new and expanded deferred action programs. The Department of Homeland Security trained its personnel and has begun implementing and working on new prosecutorial discretion policies, and U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement, ICE, prepared for the rollout of the new Priority Enforcement Program.    In the midst of all that's happened, I think some of my colleagues have forgotten the reasons for the actions in the first place. Our immigration system was and continues to be in dire need of reform. DHS faces 11 million undocumented immigrants and does not have the resources available to remove them all. Many of these individuals have been in this country for upwards of a decade, living in the shadows, raising their children, many of whom were born in the United States.    The Senate passed a bipartisan comprehensive reform bill in 2013, but legislative efforts have ground to a halt in the House because of Republican opposition. In the face of legislative inaction, DHS issued a series of memoranda attempting to address the growing undocumented population. One memo provided guidance to more consistently focus resources on removing the most dangerous criminals and the most serious threats to public safety. Another memo announced efforts to improve the partnership between DHS and State and local law enforcement. Yet another memo modified deferred action policies in order to provide temporary stability to hardworking peaceful immigrants who are willing to pay their dues.    These executive polices attempted to solve problems, but the executive branch can only go so far legally. And the immigration system will remain broken until Congress passes a legislative solution. Republicans in Congress have been happy to challenge and question and criticize the administration for its actions instead of offering solutions. Now, given the recent Texas Federal Court injunction, it is my belief that the USCIS Director Leon Rodriguez understands his responsibility to comply with the law and that he has worked quickly to halt the implementation of the new and expanded deferred action programs as soon as possible.    I also appreciate that the USCIS has taken full responsibility for the release of work permits after the injunction was ordered, and I look forward to hearing today about changes at USCIS that will ensure that this kind of thing doesn't happen again.    But while the courts hear the legal challenges to the administration's actions and while Republicans in Congress criticize those actions themselves, the problems in our Nation's immigration system persist.    I urge that my colleague across the aisle turn their efforts toward lawmaking and away from bellyaching. Moving forward, I hope we can finally focus on comprehensive lasting legislative solutions. This is the work and attention our broken immigration system and the millions affected by it so desperately need.    I thank you, and I yield back, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Cartwright. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Well, Mr. Rodriguez, I want to spend a little more time exploring USCIS' rollout of DAPA and expanded DACA. DAPA meaning Deferred Action for Parents of Americans. In light of the Texas Federal Court decision, Director Rodriguez, I understand you have taken great pains to comply with the Texas Federal Court's injunction. Is that correct?    Mr. Cartwright. Okay. So you immediately swung into action to enforce this injunction. Right?    Mr. Cartwright. Okay. Now, I understand that DHS has admitted that some work authorizations were provided after the court's injunction was ordered, and your written testimony makes it clear, ``USCIS also took immediate steps intended to ensure we ceased issuing 3-year work permits.'' Director Rodriguez, can you describe what those immediate steps were and why they didn't work?    Mr. Cartwright. Let me stop you there.    So what you're telling us is that it wasn't that you got caught or somebody blew the whistle on you, you picked up the error on your own. Is that correct?    Mr. Cartwright. Caught yourselves and you reported yourselves----    Mr. Cartwright. --is that right?    Mr. Cartwright. And that was all out of an effort to be candid with the tribunal in Texas.    Mr. Cartwright. And then you went to the people that got the 3-year work authorizations and started to explain to them that they didn't--they weren't getting 3 years, they were getting the 2 years, as they supposed to.    Mr. Cartwright. All right. Well, Director Rodriguez, this here is Washington, D.C., and we don't blow anything out of proportion here.    Mr. Cartwright. But, nevertheless, some reports have indicated that the USCIS intentionally failed to comply with the Texas Federal Court's injection. Director Rodriguez, I just want to clear this up once and for all. How would you react to those criticisms?    Mr. Cartwright. All right. Now, as it currently stands, are you moving forward with plans to process DAPA applications at that facility?    Mr. Cartwright. Well, I thank you for your work, and I yield back.