    Mr. Cummings. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman. I associate myself with your words. I must say, Mr. Chairman, as a husband and as the father of two beautiful daughters, as a brother with three sisters, and with a son, being a son of a beautiful mother, I want to thank you for holding this very important hearing today.    First, I want to welcome the whistleblowers who are testifying on our first panel. They have some very troubling, very troubling allegations. In short, they assert that an EPA official in Region 5 sexually harassed an intern and several other women, that managers in that region tried to cover up this activity, and that they were retaliated against after they tried to expose this wrongdoing. Those are some very, very strong and painful and unfair and unfortunate allegations.    The three whistleblowers here today are the former heads of the Offices of Human Resources and Civil Rights in Region 5, as well as the Equal Opportunity Employment manager there, holding very responsible and significant positions. I want to thank each of them. I know how hard it is to come forward in this public forum and to testify before the United States Congress and put yourselves out there, not only to this committee, but I am sure to a C-SPAN audience.    Our committee respects whistleblowers, and I say that without hesitation. And I can tell you that on both sides of the aisle we have done everything we know how to protect whistleblowers, and we will continue to do everything in our power to ensure that all valid claims are thoroughly investigated and remedied.    Let me also welcome Ms. Kellen. She represents the employees union, and their core goal is to protect the rights and interests of hard-working and dedicated Federal employees across the Federal Government.    We welcome you, Ms. Kellen.    And I have been a strong advocate whenever Federal employees have been talked about in a negative way, I have been one who has constantly reminded all of us up here that we are also Federal employees.    Finally I welcome Administrator McCarthy, who will testify on our next panel. Although the activities at issue today happened before she became the EPA Administrator, we are happy Ms. McCarthy is going to be here, and we thank her for her service.    Sexual harassment is intolerable and has no place in the Federal workplace. Let me be clear on that. Sexual harassment is intolerable and has no place in the Federal workplace. That statement may seem obvious, but it is still worth saying.    In this case there seems to be an agreement that on March 2, 2011, a little more than 4 years ago, an intern reported that an environmental scientist in Region 5 had sexually harassed her in that office. Based on the limited information we have, it appears that managers acted quickly in response to this incident. The branch chief notified his supervisor, sought guidance from human resource officials, and informed them about a prior incident about 7 years earlier.    In turn, the human resource officials provided guidance, gave him a draft letter of reprimand, and urged him to move quickly. They met with the individual, who admitted that he: ``crossed the line.'' They issued a Notice of Proposed Removal, and he left the Agency in June of that year.    Unfortunately, that was not the end of the story. Our witnesses here today also allege that officials in Region 5 retaliated against them for investigating this matter.    Allegations of whistleblower retaliation are very serious, and they deserve to be fully investigated, and substantiated if they are true, but that has not happened yet. Essentially, so far we have only one side of the story. Our committee has not interviewed many of the people involved in this case, we have not requested relevant documents from the Agency, and the inspector general has not investigated these allegations.    Mr. Chairman, in order to respect the rights of all Federal employees, I recommend that this committee either initiate an investigation and a thorough investigation of these retaliation allegations or that we ask the inspector general to do so, and I would join you today in making that request. These whistleblowers deserve their claims to be taken seriously and to be investigated thoroughly.    Finally, I believe that Congress needs to enhance the laws against discrimination and abuse rather than watering them down. Let me say that again. Congress, we folks up here, need to enhance laws against discrimination and abuse, rather than watering them down.    For example, right now, current law does not prohibit sexual harassment or discrimination against unpaid interns or others who are not paid directly by an agency. Something's wrong with that picture. These are young people who come here trying to walk into their destiny, trying to get experience, working for free, sometimes from 9 to 5, 9 to 10, simply trying to be all that God meant for them to be. It appears that some of the victims in this case may have fallen into this category.    In order to close this loophole, yesterday I introduced H.R. 3231, the Federal Intern Protection Act. This legislation is one that our entire committee should be able to support, and I hope that all of my colleagues will join in cosponsoring the bill.    In addition, the House of Representatives recently took up my bill, H.R. 1557, the Federal Employees Antidiscrimination Act, which I introduced earlier this year. The House passed this legislation by a resounding, bipartisan, unanimous vote of 403 to 0. And I want to thank the chairman for joining me in cosponsoring that bill and supporting it. I hope we can work together again to press the Senate to act quickly on that bill.    What we should not do, however, is strip away existing Federal civil service protections, as some of my colleagues have proposed. That is going in the wrong direction. And I respect many of our witnesses today--I would suspect that they would strongly agree with me.    Again, Mr. Chairman, I want to thank you, and on behalf of all of those people who come to work for our Federal Government, who simply want to be the best that they can be, who simply want to be about the business of giving their blood, sweat, and tears to the public and making the public a better--place them in a better position, we say to you and to our whistleblowers, we will do every single thing in our power to protect you. And I say that, I am sure, for this entire committee.    And with that, Mr. Chairman, I yield back.    Mr. Cummings. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    As I've listened to this testimony, it is, indeed, very alarming. But having practiced discrimination law when I first came out of law school back in 1976, it does not surprise me.    To all of you, to Mr. Harris, to Ms. Bohlen, to Mr. Tuttle, first of all, I want to thank you for standing up for what you believe to be right. My favorite theologian says that it is what you do when you are unseen, unnoticed, unappreciated, and unapplauded that matters the most. And I am sure that you all have stood up in many instances where you were not applauded, as a matter of fact, you got slapped for doing the right thing.    Mr. Tuttle, the idea that you have been basically forced out of the Federal Government, I mean, is that a fair statement?    Mr. Cummings. Let me say this, that as I listened to the testimony, one of the things that is being said that is not being said is that when you all are being retaliated against, that means that you cannot do the job that we are paying you to do. Come on now.    Mr. Cummings. You can't do the job that we are paying you to do. Your effectiveness and efficiency is diminished. So that is a double whammy. Not only do you suffer, but the taxpayers can't get what we are paying for. And so that is why I am so appreciative of what you have tried to do.    And one of the things that is just bearing into the DNA of every cell in my brain is the idea, Mr. Harris, that back in 2000 you were making the same types of statements, I guess.    Mr. Cummings. In 2000. Which means that over the course of 15 years, over and over and over again, obviously there have been folks who have been damaging people, harming them, and then moving on, or being promoted. Is that right? Is that a fair statement?    Mr. Cummings. Now, back to you Ms. Kellen. I am glad you said what you said the way you said it, that we have a way up here of maligning Federal employees over and over and over again. But the fact is that we have some folk who are not doing the right thing. But you said something that is very powerful. You said the management gets rewarded. Am I right?    Mr. Cummings. But on the other hand, the rank and file, the folks getting up at 6 o'clock in the morning, giving their blood, their sweat and their tears, they get messed over. Am I right?    Mr. Cummings. We are better than that. We are.    Now, Dr. Harris, Ms. Bohlen, Mr. Tuttle, I am very concerned about the allegations you raise, especially your claims that you were retaliated against for investigating this activity. Now, I understand that we have not investigated your claims yet, we haven't talked to your managers to get their responses, and we haven't requested any documents that would shed light on your claims. I hope we will do that soon. As I said to the chairman, I think we need to have the IG to look in this because this stuff is culture. I mean, you got to dig deep.    In Baltimore, we had a situation where we had some concerns about our Police Department, and I asked for a patterns or practice examination. You know why? Because I knew that in order to deal with the culture, we had to dig deep. I mean, you cannot just leave this on the surface, because what will happen, Mr. Harris, is that you will be here, God willing, 15 years from now making the same allegations with more victims having fallen by the wayside.    Mr. Cummings. What a waste of taxpayer dollars. But more importantly, what harm comes to people who are simply trying to walk into their destiny? And it is sad. We are better than that. And I thank you for what you are doing.    But let me go on just 1 more minute. I want to ask you about the recommendations you made in your testimony and some legislative proposals that Congress is considering. Mr. Harris, you urged the committee to require EPA to develop a process to hold managers accountable for discrimination and retaliation. Is that right?    Mr. Cummings. I have a bill called the Federal Employee Antidiscrimination Act that does just that. It says: ``Accountability in the enforcement of Federal employee rights is furthered when Federal agencies take appropriate disciplinary action against fellow employees who have been found to have committed discriminatory or retaliatory acts.''    Mr. Tuttle, do you agree with that statement?    Mr. Cummings. And, further, my bill would require agencies to track every single complaint alleging discrimination from inception through resolution, which is not required now under Federal law. My bill would also require agencies to notify the EEOC when violations occur, and it would require agencies to report on their Web sites whether a finding of discrimination or retaliation was made.    Dr. Bohlen, I realize these steps are not a silver bullet, but do you think they could help bring some additional level of accountability to the process?    Mr. Cummings. Well, I've run out of time, but let me say this. I have seen so many people over the years, over my being in the practice of law, I mean, people who have gone through difficulties, and then they were looked upon like you, Mr. Tuttle. They tried to do the right thing, and then they filed suit or whatever, and while waiting for the suit, they died.    Mr. Cummings. They died. I've see that over and over and over again. And I am so glad you all are coming before us. Hopefully we can get to the bottom of this so that 15 years we won't be going through the same thing, Mr. Harris.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Cummings. Please.    Mr. Cummings. There is a nondisclosure clause. We addressed that in the bill also. By the way, I did not get a chance to ask you about that. Because what happens, you are right, when they settle, they put a nondisclosure clause in there. And so therefore the very acts that brought about the settlement, they can't talk about them. So therefore they go on and on and on.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Cummings. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman. I just have a few questions real quick.    Let me say this. I assume this is being streamed to EPA, probably. And all of you out there in EPA land, let me tell you something. We have had these courageous people to come before us today, and I promise you that if you try to retaliate against any of them I will do everything in my power to come after you. And I really mean that. I do not want anything to happen to these folks or any other people who are bravely coming forward, trying to simply do their job.    Mr. Cummings. Just doing their job.    Mr. Tuttle, if it were not for all of this, do you think you'd stay in service? In other words, you have been kind of forced out, but would you have rather to stay in service?    Mr. Cummings. Have any of you all ever talked to Administrator McCarthy, any of you, directly?    Mr. Cummings. She is going to be sitting where you are sitting in about 5 minutes. What would you, if you--since you are not going to be asking questions, what would you want us to say to her? And how do you think that she can help you do your job? Because you are not--we are going to have that opportunity. You won't. This is your shot. I am listening.    Mr. Harris?    Mr. Cummings. By the way, she is probably watching this right now. But go ahead.    Mr. Cummings. All right.    Dr. Bohlen?    Mr. Cummings. Mr. Tuttle?    Mr. Cummings. Ms. Kellen?    Mr. Cummings. Now, one thing that Ms. McCarthy may say is that EPA issued a notice of proposed removal of Dr. Bertram within 2 months of the March 2011 incident. Is that accurate?    Mr. Cummings. I am running out of time, unfortunately.    Mr. Cummings. But let me just say this as I close. I want to thank you for what you have said.    And I've got to tell you, my chairman here is a lot younger than me, but as I get older, I realize, Mr. Harris, that 15 years from now I may be dead. And what you are doing today, it is not just about this moment----    Mr. Cummings. --and it is just not about the people there right now. It is about generations yet unborn.    Mr. Cummings. It is about people who are in high school right now----    Mr. Cummings. --little kids in the sixth grade----    Mr. Cummings. --who simply want to give.    Mr. Cummings. They do not want to make a lot of money. They just want to make things better for all members of our country.    And so what you are doing, what you have done, it goes beyond--hopefully it goes beyond the grave. And so I want you to keep pushing forward.    Mr. Tuttle, I am so sorry that you are being forced out of government, because you all are the kind of people that we need.    Mr. Cummings. You are the ones that we need.    Mr. Cummings. But, yet and still, you are forced out, simply trying to do the right thing.    Mr. Cummings. We are better than that.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Cummings. Thank you very much.    Ms. McCarthy, I just want to see if we can't--you know, I do not know how much of the testimony you heard earlier, but you had three whistleblowers. Two of--well, all three of them are still in the room. And they were very, very--first of all, they were very courageous. They are people who came before us--they did not have to do it, but they did--and they talked about problems that the chairman had just alluded to.    And I want us to be very careful that we are not so busy being defensive----    Mr. Cummings. --that we do not address the problem.    I am always--I tell my staff that I am about the business of being effective and efficient, period. Life is short. And so I am trying to figure out how do we address these issues effectively and efficiently so that we are not in the situation that Mr. Harris found himself, some 15 years ago talking about these same things, and now he is back again today talking generally about these same things.    Mr. Harris, the former EEO manager in the Office of Civil Rights, Region 5, testified about his experiences with what he believed to be retaliatory conduct by management. Specifically, Mr. Harris alleges that in 2011, as a result of investigating claims of sexual harassment, among other things, he was reassigned to his current position as EEO specialist.    As a result of his experiences, he offered four recommendations for bringing about positive change to EPA's work environment.    And, again, these are dedicated employees----    Mr. Cummings. --simply trying to do their job. These are the kind of employees that ought to be up for awards and, you know, commendations.    And I would like to get your take on each of his recommendations.    Mr. Harris contends that the EPA counsel currently act as personal counsel for senior officials. He said this: ``undermines Agency policies and Federal statutes enforced by EEOC.'' He recommends that this committee, ``examine the roles of the Agency general counsels with regard to allegations of Title VII violations and counsel's premature involvement in EEO complaints.''    Madam Administrator, how do you respond to that recommendation?    Mr. Cummings. Well, I am going to go to Mr. Harris' other recommendations, but, you know, one of the things that I said to the chairman is that I really wanted the IG to look at all of this. Because I think----    Mr. Cummings. --perhaps, and you may not see it, but it sounds like there's a culture problem. At least in some of the regions, there's a culture problem. And that culture problem probably has developed long before you even got here. And sometimes that culture can be so thick and so--I mean, it is so deep that you almost have to dig it up to really effectively deal with it. And so I am hoping that we will have the IG look at this.    Mr. Harris recommends--I am going to his second recommendation--that we have an ombudsman's office which should have, ``the utmost authority over personnel-related issues as they relate to Title VII violations.''    Administrator, what is your view on the need for a regional ombudsman's office with regard to overseeing Title VII claims?    Mr. Cummings. I would ask that--how soon can you get back to us on your thoughts with regard to that?    Mr. Cummings. Very well.    Next, Mr. Harris suggested the Federal EEO employees currently do not have sufficient retaliation protection. So he proposes that the EEO devise, ``well-defined penalties for managers who retaliate against those who work to uphold an agency's EEO mission.''    I believe that you will not tolerate retaliation. There is no Member of this body that would go along with people being retaliated against. As a matter of fact, all of us have worked very hard on both sides of the aisle to protect whistleblowers and those who might come before us from the agencies.    But I just wanted to know your view on that.    Mr. Cummings. Well, you'll never get me to argue against you with regard to due process. I think the problem is that, when people feel that they are walking up against brick walls when they try to get the word out and try to complain about situations--and, by the way, and trying to do their job that they are sworn to do--then, I mean, they wonder about any process.    Mr. Cummings. Yes.    Mr. Cummings. I am glad you said that.    Mr. Cummings. I am glad you said that.    Mr. Cummings. Well----    Mr. Cummings. Well, it goes back--now, Ms. Kellen--I do not know if she is still here. Ms. Kellen was telling me that she does have a relationship where she is able to talk to you.    Mr. Cummings. And one of the things that she said in her testimony--and I think it kind of summarized this whole hearing. She said the rank and file basically get screwed, and the management, some of the management folk--and she admitted that there are a lot of good management people now----    Mr. Cummings. --but that there are some that, even when they do the wrong thing, they get the bonuses, they get promoted. And there's something wrong with that picture. I mean, it seems like that would smack morale in the face big time. Would you agree?    Mr. Cummings. So I want you to do me a favor. I want you to--I mean, I know you want to come before us--and I am almost finished, Mr. Chairman.    I know you want to come before us, and I know you want to make sure you defend your agency. I got that. But I want you to also put some binoculars on or at least look through a high-powered microscope and say to yourself, why would somebody who has been----    Mr. Cummings. --these employees, who have been here many years, given their blood, sweat, and tears, why would they even risk coming here if they did not have something legitimate, or at least they believed legitimate, to say?    They are putting themselves on the line. And I am telling you, I could not be in your shoes and just disregard folks who put themselves in that position.    Mr. Cummings. I do want to see the entire--that is why I want to see the IG. That is why I want the IG to look at it.    Mr. Cummings. Right.    Mr. Cummings. Now, either you can refer to the IG or we can refer to the IG, but----    Mr. Cummings. Will you do that?    Mr. Cummings. And, Administrator, please hear me out.    Mr. Cummings. Administrator, I do not know how long you are going to be in this position, but what we are trying to do is create a situation where we try to cure some of this----    Mr. Cummings. --so that people coming behind us will not have to go through the same thing. I mean, it makes no sense.    Mr. Cummings. And I want to make it clear, Mr. Chairman, we--and I know the chairman agrees with me--that we know that the vast majority of EPA employees are great people giving everything they've got. We've got that. But we do not want to ruin their spirit; we do not want to take away from them. We do not want to be forcing somebody out, like Mr. Tuttle, who--almost in tears when I talked to him after the hearing. He does not want to leave, but he is being forced out. And you know what he said to me?    And I hope you do not mind me sharing this, Mr. Tuttle.    He said, ``You know, I am 63 years old. Everywhere I go, I am pretty much blackballed. I can't get a job.'' Why? Because he simply was trying to do his job. We are better than that. We are so much better.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman, for your indulgence.    Mr. Cummings. Just very quickly, I just want to clarify some things, Ms. McCarthy, and I will be very, very brief.    It is my understanding that the intern had been--the first time she came and notified anybody of this was in March of 2011, although she had been being harassed at least a year, I guess, earlier.    Is that right? Is that your understanding?    Mr. Cummings. Would that have been March 2011?    Mr. Cummings. Yeah.    And there has been a little bit of confusion, because--and I wanted to straighten this out earlier, when the gentleman testified, Mr. Harris, because he talked about 10 statements, but I wanted to make sure.    As I understand it, based on our review of the witness statements provided to the committee, we understand that EPA manager Paul Horvatin only knew of one incident of sexual harassment prior to the March 2011 incident, although there were witness--we have witness statements.    Mr. Cummings. But as far as--we keep talking about----    Mr. Cummings. --10 people being harassed.    Mr. Cummings. I do not think that was clear.    It is not your fault, Mr. Harris. I had meant to clarify that before.    But the only thing I would say is this, Ms. McCarthy. I hope that you took the things that I said in the light----    Mr. Cummings. --that I said them--that I meant them. And I just want to see if we can resolve these issues.    And I thought the points that the chairman and certainly the points that Ms. Norton made were just right-on. I mean, in some kind of way, we have got to be able to resolve these issues and create--and sort of memorialize----    Mr. Cummings. --the solution, as opposed to rehashing over and over and over again. And that is all we are trying to do.    And we want to work with you, because I know that--I know you were about to tell the chairman in the very beginning about your own history, about your family and what you, I am sure, have seen in your life, as a woman being in all kinds of difficult situations. So we know you have the sensitivity. But now we have got to make sure that we bring all of that to bear so that people like the people who testified before us will feel that they do have an opportunity to get these things addressed.    Finally, let me ask you this. I would appreciate it--and this is just a little personal favor--is that you at least meet the three people and just say hello to them, because they may never get this chance again, to meet the top person in the agency that they've worked so hard for. They are still in the audience, and I hope that you would at least meet them and thank them.    Thank you.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.