    Chairman Roe. A quorum being present, the Subcommittee on Health, Employment, Labor, and Pensions will come to order.    Good morning. I would like to begin by extending a special welcome to Secretary Perez. And we appreciate your willingness to engage in open and frank conversations about important issues facing working families and job creators.    I know there are areas where we will disagree, but we will always welcome the opportunity to raise our concerns and lay out what we believe are more positive alternatives.    I wish we were here to discuss a proposal that enjoyed broad bipartisan support, one that would help strengthen our economy and improve the lives of hardworking men and women. Unfortunately, that is not the case.    Instead, we are here to address a regulatory scheme that will hurt a lot of families, retirees, and small-business owners. And it could not come at a worse-possible time.    One of the most difficult challenges we face as a country is a lack of real retirement security for America's families. The defined benefit pension system continues to experience a decades-long decline while many workers are still rebuilding the savings they lost in the recent recession.    Due to these and other challenges, including a persistently weak economy, too many workers are retiring without the means necessary to ensure their financial security.    And just a moment. I found some information about retirement security by a GAO report, Mr. Secretary, that shows that 29 percent of households 55 and older have no retirement savings and 23 percent have a defined benefit plan, but no retirement savings. So it is a real issue.    And I would like, without objection, to have this report submitted for the record; and also another report submitted for the record, the U.S. Chamber finds that the DOL-proposed fiduciary rule could impact 9 million small-business households. And I would like to have that introduced for the record also.    Chairman Roe. Our goal as policymakers should be to advance bold bipartisan solutions that will help more Americans plan, invest, and save for retirement. Regrettably, the Department's fiduciary regulation would move our country in the opposite direction. It would cut off a vital source of support too that many low- and middle-income families and small-business owners rely on, and that is the help of a trusted financial adviser.    Four years ago, the Subcommittee examined a similar proposal that was later withdrawn under intense bipartisan opposition. I said at the time that anyone who provides investment assistance should be well-trained, committed to high ethical and professional standards, and devoted to the best interests of those they are serving.    That is why financial advisers have long been subject to a host of securities, tax, and disclosure requirements. It is a complex system of rules and regulations, but it is an important one that has worked well for decades.    That doesn't mean we shouldn't look for opportunities to improve current standards, but we cannot in any way make it harder for workers, retirees, and small-business owners to receive the financial advice they need.    Yet that is precisely what this regulatory proposal would do. Offering some of the most basic assistance would be prohibited, such as advice on rolling over funds from a 401(k) to an IRA. Financial advisers would no longer be able to assist individuals on how to manage their funds on retirement. And small-business owners would be denied help in selecting the right investment options for their workforce, which would lead to fewer employees enrolled in a retirement plan.    It has been suggested on numerous occasions that this proposal will simply apply to financial advisers the same standard recognized in the medical profession.    Mr. Secretary, I believe you have drawn that comparison from time to time and it is a clever talking point, but one that couldn't be more flawed.    As a physician with more than 30 years of experience in treating patients, let me just say that the approach reflected in this proposal would destroy what is left of our health care system. Imagine what would happen if doctors were prohibited from receiving compensation or were required to sign a contract with each patient before delivering services or were forced to publish online each and every treatment that had been prescribed the following year.    No doctor could run a successful practice under this type of regulatory regime and no responsible financial adviser will be able to, either.    Make no mistake. If this rule goes into effect, a lot of people will quickly learn that their financial adviser, someone they have known and trusted for years, will no longer be able to take their call.    And it is important to note that low- and middle-income families are the ones who will bear the brunt of this misguided proposal. They will lose access to their personal service that they have relied on and be forced to find suitable advice online or simply fend for themselves.    As is often the case with big-government schemes, the wealthiest Americans will do just fine. And those we really want to help we will hurt the most.    Mr. Secretary, this latest fiduciary proposal will lead to the same harmful consequences as the first and should suffer the same fate. Please withdraw this proposal and work with this committee on a responsible, bipartisan approach that will strengthen protections for investors and preserve robust access to financial advice. Our nation's workers and retirees deserve nothing less.    With that, I will now recognize the ranking member of the subcommittee, Congressman Polis, for his opening remarks.    Chairman Roe. I thank the gentleman for yielding.    Pursuant to committee rule 7(c), all subcommittee members will be permitted to submit written statements to be included in the permanent hearing record. And without objection, the hearing record will remain open for 14 days to allow statements, questions for the record and other extraneous material referenced during the hearing to be submitted in the official hearing record.    It is now my pleasure to introduce our distinguished witness on the first panel.    The Honorable Thomas E. Perez was sworn in as the 26th U.S. Secretary of Labor on July 13, 2013. Prior to his confirmation, he served as Assistant Attorney General for Civil Rights at the U.S. Department of Justice and as the Secretary of Maryland's Department of Labor, Licensing and Regulation.    Mr. Secretary, I will ask you to stand and raise your right hand.    Let the record reflect the witness answered in the affirmative.    You may be seated.    Before I recognize you for your testimony, let me briefly review so you understand the lighting system; you will have five minutes; we will have some latitude with that with the Secretary here.    And with that, you are recognized.    Chairman Roe. Mr. Secretary, thank you for being here. And I will start off the questioning.    I know one of the premises that was made is that we have a crisis and basically there is a $17 billion number. Being a numbers guy, I went back and sort of dug through how that number came up, how that actually happened.    And the way that occurred, the Council of Economic Advisers, the way they put that number together was they took the total value of loaded mutual funds and IRAs and the total value of annuities and IRAs, added them together, and somewhere in the literature found out or determined that there was a 1 percent difference in that advice and other advice, and there is $1.7 trillion in the total assets when you add those together. And that is how the $17 billion got there.    The problem with that is there are a lot of assumptions and extrapolations when you get to that. One assumption was that when you paid a loaded mutual fund that you did that every year instead of just going ahead and having the one-time load. I have got a loaded mutual fund in my own retirement plan that I haven't changed in 15 years.    And it was a terrible example that you gave. I really feel badly for that family that had a 4 percent annuity and a 7 percent surrender. I agree with that, that is very bad advice that they got. But making them a fiduciary, Bernie Madoff was a fiduciary and look what happened there.    So making a fiduciary and more rules, I guess the first question I have for you is, do you think all this rulemaking--we have got 29 percent of the people that don't have retirement savings--will make it easier for people? Will it make it simpler and easier for me as a small-business person to provide retirement benefits for every employee I had from the day I started my medical practice?    Will this rule make it easier for me to set that up and provide for those retirement savings for people, or will it make it harder?    Chairman Roe. My time is limited, Mr. Secretary. Why would the NFIB and the Chamber, who represent small businesses, object to this rule the way it is proposed?    Chairman Roe. No. I asked why would they oppose. And then to make it easier, these are the rules right here. This is yours right here, this big, whole, thick thing you have to read through. And let me just go through a couple of things.    This is what someone has to do now with a BIC exemption, to get an exemption, which you provided in there, you did provide a way to exempt the broker dealers. A total cost of disclosure must be provided to the investor before executing any investment transaction. Disclosure must be provided and all the end costs and anticipated future costs, recommended assets over one-, five-, and 10-year periods, making reasonable assumptions about investment performance. And the all-in inclusion includes acquisition ongoing, deposition, and any other costs that reduce the asset's rate of return.    I mean, it is very simple. I looked up mine this morning. And it is very simple with the account I have to be able to tell exactly what my returns are net of fees.    I mean, I see some things right here. A public website must be maintained and updated quarterly showing the direct and indirect material compensation paid to the adviser, financial institution, and any affiliate of a financial institution with respect to any asset that the investor is able to purchase, hold, or sell through the adviser or financial institution over the last 365 days.    This is going to be thousands of things that you have to do. Does that sound like it makes it easier?    Chairman Roe. Totally agree with that.    Chairman Roe. Permit me to interrupt. My time is expired.    Mr. Polis, you are recognized.    Chairman Roe. I thank the gentleman for yielding.    Next is Chairman Kline.    Chairman Roe. I thank the chairman for yielding.    Mr. Courtney, you are recognized for five minutes.    Chairman Roe. I thank the gentleman.    And Dr. Foxx, you are recognized.    Chairman Roe. The gentlelady's time is expired.    Mr. Pocan, you are recognized for five minutes.    Chairman Roe. I thank the gentleman for yielding.    Mr. Walberg, you are recognized.    Chairman Roe. The gentleman's time is expired.    Mr. Sablan, you are recognized for five minutes.    Chairman Roe. Thank you. The gentleman's time is expired.    Mr. Guthrie, you are recognized for five minutes.    Chairman Roe. I thank the gentleman for yielding.    Ms. Bonamici, you are recognized for five minutes.    Chairman Roe. Thank you for yielding.    Dr. Heck, you are recognized for five minutes.    Chairman Roe. Time is expired.    And Mr. Secretary, we don't want to become fiduciaries.    Mr. Takano, you are recognized for five minutes.    Chairman Roe. Mr. Secretary, could you go ahead and wrap that up because we have another panel also--that answer.    Chairman Roe. Time is expired.    Chairman Roe. Mr. Allen, you are recognized.    Chairman Roe. The gentleman's time has expired.    Chairman Roe. Ms. Wilson, you are recognized for five minutes.    Ms. Wilson of Florida. Thank you, Mr. Chair.    Secretary Perez, good to see you.    Chairman Roe. Thank you. The gentlelady's time is expired.    Mr. Messer, you are recognized for five minutes.    Chairman Roe. I thank the gentleman for yielding.    Mr. Jeffries, you are recognized for five minutes.    Chairman Roe. The gentleman's time is expired.    Mr. Grothman, you are recognized for five minutes.    Chairman Roe. The gentleman's time has expired.    Mr. Hinojosa, you are recognized for five minutes.    Chairman Roe. Mr. Secretary, I am going to have to ask you to hold that thought.    Chairman Roe. I am sorry. The time has expired.    Mr. Carter, you are recognized for five minutes.    Chairman Roe. The gentleman's time is expired.    Mr. Scott, you are recognized for five minutes.    Chairman Roe. I thank the gentleman for yielding.    Thank you, Mr. Secretary.    And before I close, just a couple of comments. I think we all agree with the best-interest standards. I think everyone in the industry does and everyone here today does. I don't think there is any issue about that.    Also, the GAO report clearly showed that we have 29 percent of the people in this country that have saved no money over 55, that is over half the nation; 23 percent just have a small defined benefit and no savings.    So we have a huge crisis. I don't think we need to make it harder. We need to make it easier for people to invest money. Forty-five percent of people in the TSP have a default, that is just a treasury, and that is a very poor return.    And you gave an example of a very unfortunate investment advice. Let me just share, Mr. Carter shared with you some, I can share with you many of them. A $78,000 investment in November of 1996 that went through the worst economic recession since the Depression, that in March of 2015 in a broker dealer fee-based plan was $362,000 left alone and invested with that same advice. So there are great stories out there also.    And I think the question I would have to ask is, at the end, and you can think about this, does this rule make it easier? And for businesses to do this, does it make it cost less?    Can you make a commitment basically today that no one will lose their financial adviser? I mean, it is like the President said if you like your doctor you can keep it, but it didn't work out that way in reality when all the rules of the Affordable Care Act came in.    Will people not pay higher costs, a low-income person who very much Ms. Wilson and others over here are worried about? The small investor, will they be forced into a plan where 1 percent of $10,000, maybe three-fourths of a percent that I might pay on a managed account, are they going to have to pay that?    So those are the things I think we need to think about in the rulemaking process.    And I want to thank you for being here. You have been very forthright today. And look, for a large family like yours with five in the family, four out of five turning out okay was not bad.    Chairman Roe. So thanks very much, Mr. Secretary.    Chairman Roe. Thank you.    Chairman Roe. Thank you so much.    It is now my pleasure to invite our second panel to the witness table, please.    It is now my pleasure to introduce our distinguished panel of witnesses for the second panel. Our first witness is Mr. Kent Mason who is a partner of Davis & Harman LLP specializing in employee benefit matters. Prior to entering private practice, Mr. Mason held positions at the Joint Committee on Taxation and in the Treasury Department. He represents a broad cross-section of firms that offer and service employee benefit plans.    Mr. Jack Haley is the executive vice president, Professional Services Group, with Fidelity Investments. He has been with the company more than 30 years and currently serves on its executive board. Mr. Haley also currently serves as president and chairman of the board of directors of Fidelity Management Trust Company.    Mr. Dennis Kelleher is the president and chief executive officer of Better Markets, Incorporated, a nonprofit organization that promotes the public interest in the capital and commodity markets. Previously he has held several senior-staff positions in the United States Senate and was a partner with the law firm of Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom.    Dr. Brian Reid is a chief economist at the Investment Company Institute where he leads the institute's research departments. Previously, Dr. Reid was a staff economist at Monetary Affairs Division of the Federal Reserve Board.    Lastly, Mr. Dean Harman is the founder and managing director of Harman Wealth Management. He has over 17 years of experience working with individuals and families with planning and investment management. Mr. Harman is a member of the Board of Directors of the Financial Services Institute.    Mr. Mason, you are recognized--well, before I start let me swear you in.    Let the record reflect the witnesses answered in the affirmative.    And you may take your seat.    Before I recognize you to provide your testimonies, let me briefly explain our lighting system. You have five minutes to present your testimony. When you begin, the light in front of you will turn green. When one minute is left, the light will turn yellow. When your time has expired, the light will turn red. At that point, I will ask you to wrap up your remarks as best as you are able.    And members will each have five minutes to ask questions.    Mr. Mason, you are recognized for five minutes.    Chairman Roe. Thank you, Mr. Mason.    Mr. Haley, you are recognized for five minutes.    Chairman Roe. Thank you, Mr. Haley.    Mr. Kelleher, you are recognized for five minutes.    Chairman Roe. Thank you, Mr. Kelleher.    Dr. Reid, you are recognized.    Chairman Roe. Thank you, Dr. Reid.    Mr. Harman, you are recognized for five minutes.    Chairman Roe. Thank you, Mr. Harman.    Thank you to all of the panel for your testimony.    I will now recognize Dr. Foxx, for five minutes.    Chairman Roe. I thank the gentlelady for yielding.    Mr. Scott, you are recognized for five minutes.    Chairman Roe. Thank the gentleman for yielding.    Just for clarification, that IRA was my wife's.    It did beat the S&P. And I happen to know it very closely because it was in my own family.    Mr. Allen, you are recognized for five minutes.    Chairman Roe. Mr. Haley, Mr. Allen's time is expired.    Chairman Roe. Ms. Bonamici, you are recognized.    Chairman Roe. Thank you for yielding.    Mr. Grothman, you are recognized.    Chairman Roe. I thank the gentleman for yielding.    Mr. Sablan, you are recognized for five minutes.    Chairman Roe. Thank the gentleman for yielding.    We have mentioned, I will finish the questions briefly, we have mentioned the word ``trust'' and the secretary did. And all due respect to the Secretary, who do I trust more, the Department of Labor or my financial adviser? And I can guarantee you it is my financial adviser who is looking after my interests a lot more because he just texted me during this hearing.    I just got a text from him. So I do, and I sincerely mean that. I have great trust in him, and I have a great relationship, a 20-year relationship with my financial adviser. And we will continue to do so as long as he is doing that business, and I am doing it.    I think a few of the things I think we agreed on today, and I think this has been a great hearing by the way, from the Secretary is the best-interest standards and to update the rules that will make it, and Mr. Sablan mentioned this, about making this happen. I think this can happen, I really do. I think everybody here at this hearing thinks it needs to be updated.    It ought to be done, but it also ought to accommodate without the onerous--I mean, look, do you ever read, that is where the details are, not the little one sentence, but this is where the rubber hits the road. Believe me, as a doctor having to deal with Medicare--and by the way, I wish the Secretary would ask Medicare to be as transparent as he is asking these financial people to be. That would help me a lot in my work.    But I think that I heard Mr. Carter say it, I have heard others say it here is that we don't want this to get so unmanageable because somebody pays the bills here and it is always me, the client, that does that.    And I want Mr. Harman to answer this question if he would, just a second ago. And he mentioned a minute ago that confused me a little bit. In the new rule, it says you have to predict future earnings. And every time I have ever picked up any mutual fund or looked at it at all--in full disclosure, Fidelity has some of my retirement account, I will make that public--past performance doesn't predict future returns. I hear it every time.    Is that a conflict? Or how do you reconcile those two things?    Chairman Roe. I think it absolutely does. I think you cannot now go out and my adviser can't go and say, yes, I am going to guarantee you or you are going to probably make this much money. He has never said that, in my life I have never heard him say that.    The market is volatile. We certainly saw it in--look, I have been through the recession of 1981, through the later recession of the later 1980s, in 2000, and it will come again. This is not the last recession we will have. Hopefully it won't be as bad.    Let me ask one other question. Is it true that higher-cost plans, Dr. Reid, always yield a lower cost?    And Mr. Kelleher mentioned a minute ago about it happened to be a family member's IRA that was a managed account like that. Look, I don't care if I pay 3 percent on a load if I make 12 and my net is 9. I am looking at my net return and not just what I pay in a fee because I may get a better return, I may not.    Is there data out there in the industry to show that?    Chairman Roe. But someone just mentioned briefly the website. That was confusing me what the Secretary said. Who would have access to this website with all this data? Would you have to sign the contract? Is that how we would get access to the website? How does that work? Because you heard him say that.    Chairman Roe. In that website.    Well, I want to thank you all very much for your participation. You have been very patient sitting through a long first panel.    And I will yield to Ms. Bonamici for closing remarks.    Chairman Roe. Without objection, so ordered.    Chairman Roe. Thank you very much for yielding.    And in conclusion, we do have a situation in America today where not enough people save for retirement. We know that. Twenty-nine percent of people over 55 don't have any savings at all. That is frightening when you think about it. It means they are going to have to--and life expectancies are going up and up and up, so it puts great strain on social services.    So we need to, and I believe this, the day I started practice we had a pension plan for every employee that was in our practice, and we still do to this day. And many of you, and certainly, Mr. Harman, you do have individuals, small investors.    Fidelity is a huge company; you are a smaller business, of course. But you provide a tremendous service for people and advice that help people who are not sophisticated investors gain knowledge about how to invest their money and how to save for the future and give them a lot of confidence about how they are going to live when they get older.    I can assure you, having a mother that will be in assisted living right now, and knowing those costs and so forth, you can't save enough money. I don't know if anybody ever said they have saved too much money. And that is obviously a challenge that we all have.    We have a big problem that we worked through on multi-employer pension plans. You remember, that is still a serious problem we haven't completely solved. So saving for our future and for our retirement is a national problem. We need to make that easier, not harder.    I certainly heard very encouraging things here today from the secretary and from industry about the best-interest fiduciary standard. I think all of you support that. No one supports conflicted advice, no one that I know of does.    So I think we need to hopefully work this out. And the BIC exemption is not workable. I mean, I have tried to sit down and figure it out, and I have already heard from Mr. Haley--again, full disclosure--our small business isn't going to be able to get advice because Fidelity is our brokerage service for our business.    And I just realized when he said what he said that we won't be able to get advice from Fidelity with this new rule. That is ridiculous for a group that is trying to do the right thing by employees and its folks that work for them.    So I thank you all. This was a great hearing.