    Mr. Whitfield. Good morning and I would like to call our hearing to order this morning. And I would like to recognize myself for a 5 minute opening statement.    First of all, I want to thank all of our witnesses today. We have two panels of witnesses and I certainly want to thank Administrator Dominguez for her constructive comments and her commitment to work with our committee.    This morning we are going to be examining a discussion draft of a bill that reauthorizes the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration pipeline safety program. This discussion draft contains targeted mandates for PHMSA to increase transparency and accountability, complete overview regulations, and improve safety.    I might say that working with the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee, the House successfully ushered through the Pipeline Safety, Regulatory Certainty, and Job Creation Act of 2011 on a bipartisan basis. Now it is time to update that law. With today's changing energy landscape and the need to modernize infrastructure greater than ever, we are looking forward to a productive discussion on our draft bill with a goal of reporting to the full House the legislation by this spring for its consideration. Our Senate colleagues, I might say, on the Commerce, Science and Transportation Committee reported S. 2276 the SAFE PIPES Act on December 9, 2015, and we believe that a strong, bipartisan, bicameral effort will yield a public law we can all be proud of.    I might say that I want to point out the unfinished business from the last reauthorization. The 2011 pipeline safety law included 42 mandates on PHMSA and 16 of them remain incomplete, well beyond the statutorily-imposed deadlines. So our discussion draft will require the Administrator to prioritize overdue regulations ahead of new rulemakings and keep us updated on that progress.    So I really look forward to our discussion this morning. And at this point, I would like to yield the balance of my time to the gentleman from Texas, Mr. Olson.    Mr. Whitfield. The gentleman yields back. This time I recognize the gentleman from Illinois, Mr. Rush, for his 5 minute opening statement.    Mr. Whitfield. The gentlelady's time has expired. At this time, I recognize the chairman of the full committee, Mr. Upton, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. The gentleman yields back. At this time, I will recognize the gentleman from New Jersey, Mr. Pallone, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. Mr. Pallone yields back the balance of his time, so that concludes the opening statements.    And I would like to introduce our only witness on Panel 1 this morning and that the Honorable Marie Therese Dominguez, who is the Administrator for the Pipeline and Hazardous Material Safety Administration at the U.S. Department of Transportation. She has had an illustrious career. She was the Assistant Secretary for Civil Works over at the Army Corps of Engineers, as well as other positions. We are delighted that you are here. We look forward to your testimony and the opportunity to ask questions. So you are recognized for 5 minutes, Madam Administrator.    Mr. Whitfield. Well, thank you, Administrator Dominguez, and I recognize myself for 5 minutes of questions.    In your opening statement you made reference to the gas transmission regulation. Is that proposed at this point? You all are not getting ready to finalize that.    Mr. Whitfield. OK. And that was one of the----    Mr. Whitfield. And how many outstanding mandates are there right now?    Mr. Whitfield. Right. Well, we appreciate that. You came to PHMSA, you had not been involved in PHMSA before. You were appointed to this position, I guess. You took over, was it in August?    Mr. Whitfield. Yes. If you were speaking to the Rotary Club in rural Kentucky, for example, and you were talking about safety of our national pipelines, how would you characterize it to a layman today, our system here in the U.S.?    Mr. Whitfield. Now I think the pipeline industry safety record is generally improving, but concerns have been expressed about a series of accidents. You think overall we are doing better, right? Or are you concerned about overall--some of these pipelines are pretty old. Some of the improvements that need to be made have been delayed because of the uncertainty about regulations and so forth. Do you think that the fact that these mandates have not been completed yet, is that contributing in a significant way to increased safety issues in your view or not?    Mr. Whitfield. Section 15 of our discussion draft is in parentheses, and it would allow a private individual to file a lawsuit against PHMSA for failure to perform a non-discretionary duty. Have you or has PHMSA taken a position on that particular part of this draft?    Mr. Whitfield. They can sue you already as a matter of fact.    Mr. Whitfield. OK. I will yield back the balance of my time. Thank you very much. I recognize Mr. Rush for 5 minutes.    Mr. Rush. I want to thank you, Mr. Chairman. I yield back.    Mr. Whitfield. The gentleman yields back. At this time, the chair recognizes the chair, Mr. Upton.    Mr. Olson, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. The gentleman yields back. At this time, I recognize the gentleman from--I was going to say New Jersey, but I will say California, Mr. McNerney, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. Yes, you have. Thank you. At this time, I will recognize the gentleman from Ohio, Mr. Latta, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. The gentleman yields back. At this time, the chair recognizes the gentlelady from California, Ms. Capps, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. The gentlelady yields back. At this time I recognize the gentleman from West Virginia, Mr. McKinley, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. The gentleman's time has expired. At this time I will recognize the gentleman from Pennsylvania, Mr. Doyle, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. The gentleman yields back. At this time, the chair recognizes the gentleman from Ohio, Mr. Johnson, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. The chair now recognizes Mr. Loebsack of Iowa for 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. The gentleman yields back. At this time, the chair recognizes the gentleman from Oklahoma, Mr. Mullin, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. The gentleman yields back his time. The chair recognizes the gentleman from New York, Mr. Tonko, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. The gentleman yields back. This time the chair recognizes the gentleman from North Carolina, Mr. Hudson, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. The gentleman yields back. This time the chair recognizes the gentleman from Missouri, Mr. Long, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. The gentleman yields back. At this time, the chair recognizes Mr. Griffith of Virginia for 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. The gentleman yields back and that concludes the questions, except I have one other question before I let you go. Frequently, we see charts of reportable incidents on pipeline safety and it seems to be going up. What is the actual definition of an incident or a significant incident at PHMSA?    Mr. Whitfield. So if a pipeline leaks any amount, is that an incident that must be reported?    Mr. Whitfield. OK. I would appreciate that because I think that is important for us to know.    Madam Administrator, thank you very much for taking the time to be with us today. We appreciate your testimony and look forward to working with you as we move forward and that concludes the questions for you.    So at this time I would like to call up the second panel of witnesses. On the second panel of witnesses we have five panelists. And rather than introduce all of them right now, I am just going to introduce them one time and that is when I recognize them for their testimony.    Our first witness this morning is Mr. Norman Saari who is the Commissioner for the Michigan Public Service Commission. And he is testifying on behalf of the National Association of Regulatory Commissioners. So Mr. Saari, thanks very much for joining us and you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. Be sure to just turn that microphone on.    Mr. Whitfield. Mr. Saari, thank you very much.    Our next witness is Mr. Ron Bradley who is vice president of Gas Operations at PECO Energy. And you are testifying on behalf of the American Gas Association. Welcome, and you are recognized for 5 minutes, Mr. Bradley.    Mr. Whitfield. Thank you, Mr. Bradley. Our next witness is Mr. Andrew Black. I am delighted to have you back at the Energy and Commerce Committee, Andy. He is president and CEO of the Association of Oil Pipelines and also, my understanding, testifying on behalf of API. So you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. Thank you, Mr. Black. Our next witness is Mr. Donald Santa who is president and CEO of the Interstate Natural Gas Association of America.    Welcome back, Mr. Santa, and you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. Thank you, Mr. Santa, and our next witness is Mr. Carl Weimer.    Welcome back, Mr. Weimer, and he is testifying on behalf of the Pipeline Safety Trust where he is the executive director, and you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. Mr. Weimer, thank you, and thank all of you for your testimony. And at this time I will recognize Mr. Olson of Texas for 5 minutes of questions.    Mr. Whitfield. The gentleman's time has expired. At this time I recognize the gentleman from Illinois, Mr. Rush for 5 minutes.    Mr. Rush. Well, thank you, Mr. Chairman. I have run out of time.    Mr. Whitfield. The gentleman's time has expired. I will recognize myself for 5 minutes of questions. I had asked Administrator Dominguez as she was leaving, what is a reportable incident? And I would ask those of you on the panel when are you required to report an incident to PHMSA? Do you know, Mr. Weimer?    Mr. Whitfield. Fifty barrels?    Mr. Whitfield. OK.    Mr. Whitfield. OK, so there is like three or four different levels, OK.    Mr. Whitfield. OK.    Mr. Whitfield. Yes.    Mr. Whitfield. And Mr. Black, how many miles of oil pipeline do we have in the U.S.?    Mr. Whitfield. And natural gas?    Mr. Whitfield. And how much of the crude oil that has been transported through pipelines is heated?    Mr. Whitfield. Very little?    Mr. Whitfield. OK. One comment I want to make because as you notice, the Section 15 of our draft in parentheses they have got this private action of suit. And I noticed after the San Bruno incident, I think maybe I read this in your testimony, Mr. Weimer, where the City of San Francisco sued in federal court asking that the federal court require PHMSA to reject the State of California certification that the pipeline system met the federal standards.    And I had a little bit of a problem with that myself because that is the mission of PHMSA to make sure that--so here you have the City of San Francisco suing the State of California basically, as well as the Federal Government, asking a federal judge to mandate that they not accept a certification from the state.    So I have a real problem with Section 15 myself and the ``sue and settle'' for example at EPA has really been a major headache because what we see, third parties file the suit. They enter into a settlement with EPA and its lawyers or Justice and the states affected by those suits are not able to even participate in the settlements which I find unacceptable.    And so I agree with the three of you that this is a real issue and having said that, I mean I am going to try to not include this, but having said that I have got 50 seconds left and I know Mr. Weimer disagrees, so I will turn it over to you to make your argument.    Mr. Whitfield. Is your microphone on?    Mr. Whitfield. Thank you. My time has expired. At this time, I recognize the gentleman from California, Mr. McNerney, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. The gentleman yields back. At this time I recognize the gentleman from Ohio, Mr. Latta, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. The gentleman yields back. At this time, the chair recognizes the gentleman from New Jersey, Mr. Pallone, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. The gentleman yields back. This time I recognize the gentlelady from California, Ms. Capps, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. Thank you for yielding back 3 seconds. I want to thank all of you for joining us today. We look forward to continuing dialogue as we move forward on this legislation.    And Mr. Saari, we didn't have a lot of questions for you, but we did pay attention to your testimony and do appreciate your bringing to the forefront the state grant issue and the adequate compensation to the states. And particularly in Michigan, I guess you all have more underground storage of natural gas than any state in the country is my understanding.    But anyway, that will conclude today's hearing. We will keep the record open for 10 days. And I would like to enter into the record a statement from American Public Gas Association, as well as letters from Representative Capps to PHMSA, dated February 29, 2016, regarding the Plains pipeline accident in California. Without objection, it is entered into the record.    And thank you all again, and that concludes today's hearing.