    Dr. Landers. Thank you, Chairman Pitts, Mr. Shrader. Thank you, Mr. McKinley for your leadership on this issue and honored to be here with my home State Representative Pallone.    Today's hearing is timely and needed. Seniors are being discharged from America's hospitals and finding themselves often in a poorly coordinated and costly post-acute care continuum. Sometimes instead of order, there is disarray. Instead of teamwork and clear care paths across venues, there is fragmentation and confusion. Instead of efficiency, unnecessary costs are being borne by patients in the Medicare program.    My organization, VNA Health Group, serves some of the oldest and frailest Medicare beneficiaries. As a result, we have seen firsthand how bewildering and burdensome the current situation can be for ailing seniors and their families. I think of an example, Patient Mrs. Smith, an 82-year-old woman with arthritis, congestive heart failure, and low vision, being discharged from a hospital where she had recently been treated for a broken hip caused by a fall. She has received some information but is still in pain and sleepy, and she and her family aren't sure of what to do. Her daughter, her main care giver, isn't sure who is going to be in charge after she is discharged and who to go to with questions.    Mrs. Smith and people like her have some basic but important needs, including a comprehensive and holistic assessment of her post-hospital needs and circumstances, help accessing the care that she needs that is right for her condition, the support of a cadre of professionals like nurses and therapists and social workers and physicians, short-term assistance with activities of daily living and basic living nutrition. Her story is not atypical. People like her are being discharged from hospitals each day across our country. They are our parents, our grandparents, aunts and uncles, and soon they may be us.    If Mrs. Smith and seniors like her receive the coordinated care that they need, they will recuperate more quickly at a lower cost with lower risk of rehospitalization, but too often this isn't the case, and people aren't getting this type of care. Older Americans like Mrs. Smith don't have what they need most, which is patient-centered care coordination. This means having a partner that is truly invested in helping them get better soon, a physician and nursing team by their side across care venues, integrated electronic information systems that will help avoid adverse events.    We believe that patient-centered care coordination can be achieved through PAC bundling that adapts a successful DRG model and provides consistent coordination and navigation support to discharge beneficiaries and their families. It is for this reason that the Partnership for Home Health--for Quality Home Health is proud to support the BACPAC Act. The BACPAC model incorporates elements that we feel are important to patient-centered care coordination. A model on diagnostic related groups, which have been in use for over 30 years, creates condition related groups to align interests and improve outcomes, ensures patient choice, network adequacy, and the use of clinical and technological innovations to improve care. It uses powerful risk and saving incentives to prioritize high quality coordinated care, and it strengthens program integrity because no coordinator is going to want a bad or fraudulent actor to be in its network. It aligns with Congress' passage of the IMPACT Act, which created a unified PAC assessment tool and achieves significant savings without cutting any providers' rates or increase in costs for any seniors.    There are many complex issues to be addressed, and as you do, please keep seniors like Mrs. Smith in mind so that Medicare post-acute care policy will not only be improved but work for the most vulnerable among us. Thank you.    Dr. Landers. The CRG model would create an incentive for the coordinators to look at care across the different venues of care that patients might be in, so that we can focus on having individuals in the most appropriate setting but also the most cost-effective setting, and that should both address quality and cost.    Dr. Landers. I would just like to disagree with the notion that we need more time and a lot more data to begin improving post-acute care. I think that there are a lot of people that are struggling right now with uncoordinated care and there are unnecessary costs, and also I want to point out that the Affordable Care Act and also the recent SGR fix, which incentivizes physicians to enter into alternative payment models, has greatly accelerated the adoption of what are called accountable care organizations or Medicare----    Dr. Landers . Savings programs. Across the country right now, as we speak, we are seeing consolidation of health systems, we are seeing people aligned along the strategy of these accountable care organizations, and within them, they are making some pretty aggressive changes to how post-acute care is delivered within those systems. And so some of the same things that people have raised concerns is would there be stinting I think it was called, and would there be inappropriate shifting, that is all happening without the thoughtful structure of something like the clinical related group that has been outlined in this law.    So I think that a lot of the things that we are concerned about happening if we move too fast are actually happening in the context of the recent reforms, and this would actually add more protections.    Dr. Landers. I thank you for the question.    I think that, in order to be competitive, the coordinators are going to have to have an adequate network and they are going to have to make sure that they have providers available for the provision of services to patients in rural communities. I also would add that because you have preserved the rate and benefit model within the bundles of the current system, things like this effort to improve the rural payment like in home health services in the recent law that those have been preserved, the additional 3 percent to account for their cost, I think that there are safeguards in place to protect rural patients, yes.    Dr. Landers. Yes. I just can't imagine the coordinator model, where the incentives are aligned for them to shepherd cost effective and high quality care, that they would engage fraudulent providers. I think this could be one of the biggest fraud prevention measures ever undertaken.