    Mr. Smith. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman. And I thank you for bringing H. Res. 354 before the committee for markup and for your leadership on human rights issues in general and on combating anti-Semitism in particular.    Mr. Chairman, violent anti-Semitic attacks between 2013 and 2014 doubled, and in some European countries actually quadrupled. H. Res. 354 focuses on essential actions needed to prevent, mitigate, and respond to deadly anti-Semitic attacks like those in Paris, Copenhagen, and Brussels.    Specifically, it urges the U.S. Government to encourage our European allies to ensure they formally recognize, partner with, and exchange information with Jewish community security groups in their countries. There are excellent examples of this in the United States, the United Kingdom, and in France. So these best practices need to be replicated.    The resolution highlights the importance of European governments supporting several key assessments and adjusting their strategies and efforts to combat anti-Semitism accordingly. It emphasizes the importance of European governments developing public awareness and suspicious activity campaigns like ``if you see something, say something'' initiatives, helping Jewish communities developing baseline safety standards, and integrating efforts to combat violent extremism and ones to combat anti-Semitism as appropriate.    H. Res. 354 stresses relevant training for law enforcement, implementing declarations, decisions, and commitments related to anti-Semitism in the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe, the OSCE, and ensuring European governments have mandated and resourced senior officials to lead their anti-Semitism efforts.    Finally, the resolution affirms support for the mandate of the U.S. Special Envoy to Monitor and Combat Anti-Semitism, a position that I actually authored the amendment to create some years ago, and urges the Secretary of State to continue strong U.S. reporting on anti-Semitism.    H. Res. 354 is a blueprint for actions that are critical for the safety and security of Jewish communities in Europe and for our government's engagement with our European allies to combat anti-Semitism. The specific actions recommended here are based on consultations with leading security experts who work closely with European Jewish communities.    This resolution has broad bipartisan support. It is cosponsored by 84 Members of Congress, including 23 members of this committee. All of my fellow co-chairs of the bipartisan Task Force on Combating anti-Semitism are original cosponsors, including Ranking Member Eliot Engel, Ileana Ros-Lehtinen, Ted Deutch, who are members of this committee, and Nita Lowey, Kay Granger, Peter Roskam, and Steve Israel. It also has the strong support from many of the Jewish organizations.    I yield back, and again, I thank you, Mr. Chairman.