    Mrs. Davis. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman. And thank you to all of our witnesses. Good to see all of you here today. Our panel represents beneficiaries as well as retail industry partners that work with the commissary system.    I think we can all agree that what is paramount in this discussion is that the commissary benefit must be maintained. How that happens, though, and what the system will look like is what we are here to discuss. Change is never easy, we know, but in today's fiscal environment, it is required. This committee certainly has met several times since the release of the Boston Consulting Group report, and we have heard from the BCG, as well as the Department of Defense , on ways to sustain the commissary benefit even when we know and we hear that many feel that the commissary system is just not sustainable as it is currently today.    I was pleased to hear from DOD leadership that they concur with the report. Regardless of how much reform is done to create a more efficient business model, keeping the savings that are realized today for patrons is critical.    As we wait to see what the Department will submit to Congress for this year's NDAA , I would encourage all of us, all of you to work with the DOD and help us reform a system that will endure into the future.    I look forward to hearing from our witnesses as we work to responsibly and efficiently protect the commissary benefit for our service members and families.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mrs. Davis. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And perhaps I can continue with this conversation a little bit about the labeling, because I do remember in sitting here, you know, as a consumer when we had this discussion with BCG, we know that, you know, we all adopt, if you will, certain companies now and have some faith in their label. So you know, it seemed like, well, okay, you know, I think our military families, and you would subscribe to this, certainly have faith in the commissary. I mean, they have great faith in the commissary. They would transfer that in some ways.    But on the other hand, I hear exactly what you are saying. And I was struck that, Ms. Huck, you were saying that they don't have the expertise. It is not that they don't have the wherewithal to have the expertise, but the system hasn't been set up that way, and so there is really a gap there.    I think what I am wondering is how if you were tasked with trying to develop a process, and because it would be over time, to test this on a number of ways in which you were consulted and you were part of that, how would you do that? What do you think that we should be listening out for if, in fact, people say, you know, let's give it a try?    Mrs. Davis. Have you all been consulted about developing that system?    Mrs. Davis. Right.    Mrs. Davis. Thank you.    Mrs. Davis. Yeah. I appreciate that, Mr. Gordy. Thank you.    I am just wondering just in terms of the delivery and to families and, you know, the decisions that people make, of course, every day, and sometimes it takes a period of time for people to, like, transfer their loyalty, what is it about that delivery to families that you think especially needs attention?    Mrs. Davis. Given that maybe all--some of these--you know, so many of these very important contingencies and issues would be worked out.    Mrs. Davis. Okay. I think my time is up, Ms. Huck. Maybe we will follow up later. Thank you.    Mrs. Davis. Oh, thank you, Mr. Chairman. And I know that the votes have started.    The one thing I would just want to add to this discussion, I think, and I was telling the--actually, I think San Diego is cheaper than here, at least when I go to the grocery store, but fresh fruits and vegetables, I mean, that is what we really want our families to access, and to use farm products from local areas. And I know when you are overseas certainly--I guess in Japan, I don't know that I had a lot of fresh fruits and vegetables, but I am just trying to make sure that we throw that into the discussion and that we ask some appropriate questions about that too so that our families really know that that is important.    And I don't know that there would be anything different around there. It is not a labeling issue. It is not something where, you know, families have said, that is something that we are willing to consider, again, given the right kind of studies that are done to look at that issue, but I certainly want to be sure that we don't, you know, eliminate all the issues around fresh fruits and vegetables and the farm-to-table issues that are very important throughout the country and certainly very important to our military families. Thank you.