    Mr. Woodall. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, Ranking Member Waters, and members of the committee for inviting me to appear before you today.    Mr. Chairman, you have asked that we be succinct in our oral testimony this morning. The committee received my written testimony last Friday morning, and in view of your request, I do not feel it is necessary for me to expound on it in detail.    But in short, as the committee examines ways to improve the structure and the operations of the Council, my written testimony discussion falls into three broad categories.    First, the background and legislative history of the independent member position in Dodd-Frank. Second, the lack of explicit statutory duties and authorities pertaining to the position, other than just being a member of the Council and the difficulties that has presented from being only ``three lines in the statute.'' The first line creates the position. The second one sets the 6-year term. And the third one sets salary. That is all that is in Dodd-Frank about my position.    Finally, the third section of my written testimony tries to go into my willingness to work with Congress on how the role and authorities of the position can be clarified to strengthen the independence of the position in order for the holder of this position to be more effective in contributing to the work of the Council.    Thank you. I am happy to answer any questions.    Mr. Woodall. Yes, I do, Mr. Chairman. And if I could expound just a little bit, the basis of all of that, to put it in perspective, is that I was pointing out that under the statute, there are two determination standards under which the Council comes up with its idea that a company is a SIFI, and the first one is the only one that has been used so far, which is if there is material financial distress at that individual company which could be a threat to the entire U.S. financial system.    The other is activities, are there activities that could be a threat? My push has been to get the second standard of activities to be used across sectors so we can get at the very things that are causing this systemic risk. If we have a situation where if we have a company that is a SIFI, and it knows that it is doing an activity that is systemically risky, it can sell that activity to somebody that is not a SIFI and then, essentially, we have lost them. They are there, but the systemic risk could still be in the system.    Mr. Woodall. I think there is a harm that it could come to higher prices because they have higher regulatory costs. Also, with a higher regulatory cost, their products have to be priced higher, as I said, and that costs more.    It puts them in an unlevel playing field with the people and the companies that are not designated SIFIs.    Ms. Waters. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    Let me first go to Mr. Woodall. Is AIG designated as a SIFI, Mr. Woodall?    Mr. Woodall. Yes.    Ms. Waters. Should it be?    Mr. Woodall. At the time when they were designated, we were coming right out of the financial crisis. The first two designations were AIG and JECC, companies which had had some problems during the crisis.    Ms. Waters. Some problems? Big problems.    Mr. Woodall. Big problems.    Ms. Waters. Okay. So, it should be designated a SIFI?    Mr. Woodall. At that time.    Ms. Waters. At this time?    Mr. Woodall. It is not half the company now that it was then.    Ms. Waters. At this time? At this time, should it be a     Mr. Woodall. Right.    Mr. Woodall. I think there is one confidential memorandum that has been made public. The confidential basis in the Metropolitan Life case. It is my understanding has been filed in the court and is a public record.    Mr. Woodall. In international things, you work by consensus as you have been told. The consensus within the team USA, you have three U.S. people, representatives at the IEIS.    Mr. Woodall. Right.    Mr. Woodall. It is Treasury right now.    Mr. Woodall. Without that consensus, and they are taking the position--and I want to be fair about this. They are taking the position that the statute gives me no such authority, that I have no duties or responsibilities designated in the statute at all.    Mr. Woodall. Yes, Congressman. One of the factors is the regulatory scrutiny that the company goes through. And obviously, we do have to look at not only assets and liability but the matching of the assets and liabilities. And in insurance companies, those liabilities are long-term liabilities. They are not like liabilities of a bank that could disappear if everyone came in and withdrew their account.    Mr. Woodall. Congressman, I think that we have already discussed the fact that in activities, which has been my main goal in the insurance company, it is evolving now in the Council. The Council is young, it is evolving, and I welcome the idea of taking a pause and getting into looking at the activities across the segment. I hope that they will do that for the insurance industry.    Mr. Woodall. I don't think there is a definite figure, but I think there has been discussion leading up--    Mr. Woodall. I will say being on the Council is a learning experience. They are learning about insurance and I am learning about banking.    Mr. Woodall. I am not going to make any statements about the MetLife appeal.    Mr. Woodall. Of course not.    Mr. Woodall. I would say that the FSOC--    Mr. Woodall. Banking regulators are the ones who do that.    Mr. Woodall. Not as such.    Mr. Woodall. Obviously, we get into financial market utilities--    Mr. Woodall. Yes. And they can understand insurance issues--    Mr. Woodall. You have voted for--    Mr. Woodall. No, but I think you should put in the record--    Mr. Woodall. I am not sure what an insurance expert is.    Mr. Woodall. That is because it was put in the title of Dodd-Frank.    Mr. Woodall. Me too. No.    Mr. Woodall. I think what you outline might be a professional disagreement. I have a lot of respect for all my colleagues. We had a very hearty debate. I listened to them and they listened to me and we--    Mr. Woodall. --agreed to disagree.    Mr. Woodall. But my job is to try to monitor the whole insurance industry international so I can give my recommendations. There is a statutory provision that every member is supposed to monitor developments in international insurance matters.    Mr. Woodall. Well--    Mr. Woodall. I voted with them on AIG.    Mr. Woodall. It was a unanimous decision.    Mr. Woodall. --right.    Mr. Woodall. These were companies that have not had the type of problems with--    Mr. Woodall. It is a good thing if they are systemic, and present a systemic risk.    Mr. Woodall. But we need to know and they need to know what activities they are doing that make them a significant--    Mr. Woodall. Yes, we have talked about that, it can give them a competitive--we don't know, yet.    Mr. Woodall. We don't know yet, because the Fed hasn't come up with their capital standards are.    Mr. Woodall. I think they don't know what the future is, they don't know how high their capital requirements are going to be, and they don't know how it will affect them, and they don't know what businesses that they sell that they would have to get rid of.    Mr. Woodall. Yes.    Mr. Woodall. Well, yes. You used terminology that--obviously, if someone has increased regulatory expenses, it is going to affect how they operate in the market.    Mr. Woodall. Yes, the national authority. Well, there are three at FSB, there are three national authorities: Treasury; the Fed; and the FCC.    Mr. Woodall. That is hard to say. As far as I know, actually, before the hearing at Prudential, the Treasury notified Prudential that they had been designated as a global     Mr. Woodall. That is my understanding.    Mr. Woodall. Yes. I think the CFTC and the FDIC should be in the room at the meetings at the FSB. And I think insurance regulators should be in the room if they are making decisions that are going to affect the businesses that they regulate.    Mr. Woodall. As I said, they are technically separate things, but they are not--    Mr. Woodall. No direct--it is not mentioned in the discussions, because we try to base it on what Dodd-Frank says.    Mr. Woodall. Of course, they are still just three votes on the board. The board, the Financial Stability Board is not an organization that this Congress created by a treaty, or any other statutory thing. It is kind of an ad hoc group.    Mr. Woodall. It is really self-appointed.    Mr. Woodall. I would hope so.    Mr. Woodall. It goes through a committee called the Non-Banks Designation Committee. It goes to the secretariat, which is within Treasury. And you are looking at 600, 700 pages sometimes in these memos. They are more than memos. It is quite extensive with a lot of good work done by the top economists at the Fed and other agencies.    Mr. Woodall. Well, that is the point that has been discussed quite a bit, and a lot of it goes to the fact that the European insurers have a lot different background. They have a different accounting system, their products aren't the same. Now, they are pretty well united with their solvency 2 regulation, which goes into effect next year.    And they are working on equivalencies as to whether we are equivalent. There has been some temporarily equivalencies given. If we don't get equivalency, it could increase the cost of our companies doing business in EU countries tremendously.    Mr. Woodall. I was waiting to see what the question was going to be. Would it prevent what now?    Mr. Woodall. That was your third point and it seems to me that is what we are working for right now, is to try to get more clarity in what that exit ramp is. I have just recently submitted a list of 17 different options for the FSOC to consider. It is now being considered by their deputies.    And it is ways to clarify that where it can be much more clear to the company what it needs to do. As I have said several times before, the company says to the regulator, tell us what we are doing wrong and we will fix it.    Mr. Woodall. Yes.