    Mrs. Maloney. I want to thank you for holding this hearing on these important bills. And I have two that I am particularly concerned about.    I would like to ask Paul Kupiec about H.R. 2209, which Mr. Messer and I introduced earlier this year, that would level the playing field for our cities and States by requiring the banking regulators to treat certain municipal bonds as liquid assets, just like corporate bonds. And as a former city council member, I know the importance of muni bonds to allow States and cities to finance infrastructure and schools, and to pave roads.    Unfortunately, in the banking regulators liquidity rule, which requires bank to hold a minimum amount of liquid assets, the regulators chose to allow corporate bonds to qualify as liquid assets but completely excluded municipal bonds, even municipal bonds that are just as liquid as corporate bonds. And this makes no sense and threatens to raise borrowing costs for municipalities across this country.    The Fed has already recognized this error and is amending its rule to allow certain muni bonds to count as liquid assets, but the OCC is still refusing to amend its rule and insists on favoring corporations over municipalities.    So I would like to specifically ask you, Mr. Kupiec, if you considered two identical bonds, same size, same maturity, same everything, both bonds are liquid enough to satisfy all of the liquidity criteria in the OCC's rule, but one bond was issued by a corporation, and one was issued by a local government, and under the OCC's rule the corporate bond would be considered a high-quality liquid asset, but the muni bond would not, even though they had the exact same liquidity, do you think that is a fair outcome?    Mrs. Maloney. Thank you.    I would like to ask Mr. Ireland if you would comment on the Community Bank Capital Clarification Act, which I have cosponsored with Mr. Meeks in several Congresses. In Dodd-Frank we allowed community banks with less than $15 billion in assets to keep counting certain securities they had already issued as capital. For some reason, Dodd-Frank said that in order to qualify for this relief, you had to be less than $15 billion in assets on December 31, 2009, even though we didn't pass Dodd-Frank until 6 months later in 2010. And I can tell you that was not intentional. We did not update that date to reflect it then.    So this bill simply states that for banks that were only briefly above $15 billion in assets on December 31, 2009, but have fallen below that threshold and continue to be below that threshold, that they should be treated like other banks below that threshold as community banks.    I would like to ask you if you think there is any reason why we shouldn't treat banks that are currently under $15 billion, and will continue under $15 billion, as community banks for capital purposes?    Mrs. Maloney. Pardon me?    Mrs. Maloney. Why we would adopt it?    Mrs. Maloney. Why we wouldn't. I agree. I think it is just common sense.    Mrs. Maloney. Thank you. Thank you for that statement. And we have many Members of Congress who feel very, very much the same way.    I would like to follow up, Mr. Kupiec, with you. The OCC has been able to distinguish between liquid corporate bonds and illiquid corporate bonds. Do you think it would be possible to distinguish between liquid and illiquid municipal bonds as well to be able to distinguish as the Fed has proposed? In other words, why don't we treat the municipal bonds fairly?    Mrs. Maloney. My time has expired, and I thank you for your wisdom and your comments and your support for these bills. Thank you.