    Mr. Lynch. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I would like to, first of all, thank you for holding this hearing to examine the recent audit reports issued by the Special Inspector General for Afghan Reconstruction on the accuracy of the Afghan National Security Forces data, and I would also like to thank Inspector General Sopko for helping the subcommittee with its work.    As announced by President Obama on December 28, 2014, the U.S.-led international security assistance forces combat mission in Afghanistan has not only concluded after over 13 years from its inception. During Afghan President Ashraf Ghani's recent visit to the U.S. last month, President Obama announced that the number of U.S. forces in Afghanistan will now remain at approximately 10,000 through the end of the fiscal year.    The President noted that the majority of these U.S. forces are currently deployed in a training and advisory capacity in furtherance of the NATO-led mission, Resolute Support, that began on January 1st, 2015, approximately 1,000 U.S. special ops personnel supporting regional counter-terrorism operations as well.    Given that additional training of Afghan National Security Forces is now our primary mission in Afghanistan, it is absolutely critical that the Afghan government provide the U.S. and our NATO partners with reliable and accurate data regarding the size and strengthen of the Afghan National Police and the Afghan National Army.    As noted by Inspector General Sopko in his April 2015 quarterly report to Congress, ``Numbers matter. In Afghanistan, some numbers have a life and death weight to them. Without reliable data on Afghan National Security Forces strength, the United States cannot determine whether the billions of dollars it has spent on recruiting, training, equipping, and sustaining the Afghan National Security Forces since Fiscal Year 2002 has been spent properly or accurately calculate what additional funding may be needed.''    Precise data is essential to our determinations of the Afghan government's ability to provide adequate security for its citizens against the Taliban insurgency and attacks by Al Qaeda and other terrorist groups. Accurate data also provides a basis for U.S. and Coalition decisions on the pace of withdrawal and the scope of our counter-terrorism missions.    Regrettably, the two recent audits conducted by Inspector General Sopko of personnel and payroll records provide good reason to doubt the accuracy of Afghan data. In particular, in January 2015, audit reports on the Afghan National Police found that there is no documentation that unit commanders are accurately reporting personnel attendance or that police personnel are receiving their full share of their salaries. Officials appointed by the Ministry of Interior could be taking as much as half of a policeman's salary.    According to an audit report on the Afghan National Army released by the Inspector General just today, a daily sign-in roster is the only mechanism in place to collect National Army attendance data, and it is not used across army posts nationwide. In addition, the Ministry of Defense still calculates National Army salaries using a manual process that is highly susceptible to manipulation.    Furthermore, the audit highlights the irregular use of National Army-issued identification cards. This is particularly troubling given the incidents of green-on-blue attacks in Afghanistan, most recently, and regrettably, on April 9th, when U.S. Army Specialist John M. Dawson, of Whitinsville, Massachusetts, was killed by an Afghan soldier in Jalalabad, and my prayers and thoughts are with his family.    The absence of reliable data on the Afghan National Security Forces aggravates the potential for the waste, fraud, and abuse of U.S. taxpayer dollars. It also compromises the safety of our remaining U.S. and international troops in Afghanistan.    Mr. Chairman, I look forward to examining the inspector general's various recommendations in his report on how to enhance the reliability of the critical data and yield the balance of my time.    Mr. Lynch. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I want to thank you again, Inspector General Sopko. You are doing some great work here. Although I have to say it is very troubling to read your reports, the lack of accountability here. According to your report, and I believe it is correct, we have spent over $60 billion training and equipping and maintaining national Afghan security forces since we went into Afghanistan. Is that correct?    Mr. Lynch. OK. Now, let's start with the Afghan National Army first. Can you tell me how many Afghan National Army personnel we have trained?    Mr. Lynch. How about Afghan National Police?    Mr. Lynch. That is standing right now?    Mr. Lynch. Well, we have been doing this for 13 years, so can you tell me the attrition rate? For instance, in Iraq, because we get a quarterly report and we track this, we know that we have spent $25 billion in Iraq and we have trained up 938,000 Iraqis for border patrol, police, and military. Now, you spent more than twice that in Afghanistan. Different circumstances, obviously, but you cannot tell me how many people we have trained?    Mr. Lynch. Oh, no, no, no. Of course you didn't.    Mr. Lynch. No, no, no. I apologize. I apologize. Our Country has spent over $60 billion in taxpayer money doing all this training and equipping and maintaining them. And you are telling me today, because of the way we account for things over there, you can't tell me how many folks we have trained?    Mr. Lynch. OK. All right. That is sad. That is sad. But that is the way it is. I don't doubt your answer, I don't. And on top of this, I know that a number of weeks ago we had a little bit of a situs with General Campbell in Afghanistan because he wanted to keep some of the reports classified. We had been getting these reports on the amount of money spent and number of people trained up, and we had been getting those regularly from Iraq and fairly regularly from you as well, and your predecessor as well, and then General Campbell didn't want to give us that information anymore. That is No. 1.    I know we had a back and forth, and now they realize they made a bad decision and they have reversed that, and now they are going to supposedly continue to give us this information. He said the reason I wanted to keep it classified and not tell us or the American people was that he thought the enemy might get ahold of it, how much money we are spending over there, and that would weaken security. So now he has agreed that he is going to give us that information.    But, in addition to that, now he is reducing the number of personnel with your group, from 40 to 25, is that correct?    Mr. Lynch. OK.    Mr. Lynch. But there will be less people tracking this information for us, doing oversight?    Mr. Lynch. And just so you know, Congress is also subject to limitations getting in there now, as well, so we are doing less oversight because of the limitations of assets there, we are told. So we can't do that oversight anymore. That is a troubling development. With the amount of money we are spending over there, it is a disgrace that we don't have an accountable system. I think a lot of this money is being stolen.    We are having a fight in Congress right now over the budget about how much money our overseas contingency operations should get, and here is all this money being stolen. I commend you on your work. We just have to figure out a way to stop this. Maybe it is coming to a point where we just stop all the funding going over there, and that is the way we solve this.    I yield back.    Mr. Lynch. Please.    Mr. Lynch. We will visit that again, but thank you. I appreciate that.    Mr. Lynch. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Maybe in this overseas contingency operation we can put an amendment in that would maintain the current level of oversight by the Special Inspector General in Afghanistan. We could try to do something like that.    Mr. Lynch. OK. Absolutely.    The $61 billion that the American taxpayer has paid so far, and that is as of March 31, 2015, does that include the $900 million that was stolen out of Kabul Bank? That was also for paying personnel; that was salaries.    Mr. Lynch. That is the third version I have heard. I actually went to a classified briefing in Afghanistan. I have been there 14 times, I think, but one of my earliest ones after they robbed the bank, this is the president's brother and the vice president's brother, this is when the $900 million went missing, I was told at a classified briefing then that none of that was U.S. money. Then, a couple years later, I was told all of it was U.S. money. So maybe you can enlighten me a little bit on whose money was that.    Mr. Lynch. Yes. I only have 3 minutes.    Mr. Lynch. They are not getting it from tax money; they are getting it from donors.    Mr. Lynch. OK.    Mr. Lynch. You already have, my friend.    Mr. Lynch. Look, look, here is my problem. When we did this in Iraq, we did the exact same thing and we were having folks walk away with weapons, sell their weapons to militant groups. We came up with a system in Taji, the weapons depot, where we took a picture of the soldier when they came out of training, we did a retina scan so they couldn't fool us. We had a good ID. We had the number of his weapon assigned to that; we had an ID card that we had. And we knew who these folks were.    Why did we get away from that in Afghanistan?    Mr. Lynch. It would seem to me that it would be pretty easy to measure the scale of robbery in Afghanistan of U.S. taxpayer money by just taking four or six units. You have the payrolls that are coming in, so just pick six or eight of them, go in there and do actual ID on them and watch where the checks go. And once you realize that there are a whole lot more checks being paid out in relation to how many people are actually on the job, you will know how much you are being ripped off.    I think we did one pilot program a while back. I don't know why we haven't continued that, but it is pretty depressing that we are losing good Americans like the young man that got killed a couple weeks ago from Massachusetts, Mr. Dawson, and others. We are trying to do the right thing here and we are being robbed blind, as far as I can tell from the reports that you have provided.    Do you have any suggestions on what we can do? I mean, I know you don't want to cutoff funding, but it would seem that if we are paying all this money, the American taxpayer, we have a little bit of leverage here. In other words, we are not going to pay the money unless we have an accountable system where we can actually track where the money goes, because I think a lot of these--look, you are absolutely right when you tell me that corruption is endemic. It is absolutely the rule, it is the rule in Afghanistan. It is the rule. Corruption from top to bottom, inside out, backward forwards. Total corruption.    We have to try to operate within that system, but not be robbed blind. We have to be a little bit more responsible, I think. And CSTC-A, as far as I am concerned, they are complicit in this because they haven't put in place a system where we can catch these people, or at least discourage the level of theft that is going on. It is extremely discouraging, to say the least.    Mr. Lynch. Mr. Chairman, you have been very generous and indulgent, and I appreciate that. Thank you.