    Mr. DeSantis. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. Archuleta, in your testimony you said, and I think this is the direct quote, ``we have now confirmed that any Federal employee from across all branches of Government whose organization submitted service history records to OPM may have been compromised, even if their full personnel file was not stored on OPM's system.''    What do you mean by service history?    Mr. DeSantis. Okay, so a potentially broader breach.    I tell you, an SF 86, I remember filling that out when I was a young officer in the Navy, and it is by far the most intrusive form that I have ever filled out. It took me days. I had to go do research on myself to try to figure out. And it is not just that you are doing a lot of personal and sensitive data about the individual applicant, the SF 86 asks about family members, it asks about friends, spouse, relatives, where you have lived, who you knew when you lived in these different places. It also asks you to come clean about anything in your past life.    So, to me, people have said that this is crown jewels material in terms of potential blackmail. So this is a very, very serious breach.    My question for Ms. Archuleta, were cabinet level officials implicated in this breach?    Mr. DeSantis. Understood. What about people in the military and intelligence communities?    Mr. DeSantis. Okay. So you don't disagree with my characterization of the SF 86 and that the compromise, let's just say theoretical if you don't want to say what actually happened here, that that is a major, major breach that will have ramifications for our Country?    Mr. DeSantis. Okay. SF 86 forms also require applicants to list foreign nationals with whom they are in close contact, so that means China now has a list, for example, of Chinese citizens worldwide who are in close contact with American officials. They can, and will, obviously us that information for espionage purposes.    So what are the security implications of that type of information falling into enemy hands? That could be for anybody.    Mr. DeSantis. Okay. Now, some reports say that not only were the hackers pursuing information on Federal employees, but also password and encryption keys that could be used for trade secret theft and espionage. And I guess you will have more to say about that in a classified setting, but at least for this forum can you say that that is a significant risk; that is not the type of information that we would want the enemy to have and it can, in fact, be very damaging, correct?    Mr. DeSantis. Okay. And I get that and I will be there and I will listen intently. But it really concerns me because this is really a treasure trove for our enemies, potentially. And the fact that this system was hacked and we didn't even know about it for a long time, that is really, really troubling.    If you ask people if they want to serve in these sensitive positions and they think that by filling out these forms they are actually going to put themselves or their family potentially at risk because the Government is not competent enough to maintain that secretly, that is a major problem as well. So the information can be used against the Country, then you are also, I think, going to have a chilling effect on people wanting to get involved if we don't get a handle on this.    So I look forward to hearing from the witnesses in a classified setting and I yield back the balance of my time.