    Mr. Passas. Good morning, Chairman Fitzpatrick, and Ranking Member Lynch. Thank you for the kind introduction. Vice Chairman Pittenger, distinguished members of the task force, it is an honor to testify before you.    The threat of trade-based money laundering is serious, but effective responses are feasible and within reach. The switch to turn the lights on to what is now shadowy economic activities is in your hands. I will list the challenges and outline some solutions.    Despite substantial efforts against money laundering, too little attention is paid to trade, which constitutes the biggest security and crime liability, a black hole undermining the entire control framework. Even if all current rules were to be perfectly enforced throughout the world, billions of dirty funds could still be moved undetected.    Trade can hide both illegal shipments and illicit finance. Countering the finance of terrorism is about financial vigilance: to understand the operations of terror groups, respond effectively and strategically. For this, financial information and commercial flows must be monitored. Most of our attention focuses on the first two, while trade is neglected and is wide open to abuse.    Many terror groups have used commodities for finance, including ISIS. Some work was done in 2003 at FinCEN on trade-connected hawala and other informal value transfer systems, a term I coined back in the 1990s, but no proper assessment of trade vulnerabilities or updated hawala review has taken place.    When it comes to trillions of dollars in annual trade, our vision is blurred. Relevant information is scattered. Some of it is collected by Customs, FinCEN, the Department of Commerce, and port authorities and counterparts overseas.    Other data are in the hands of banks, insurance companies, logistics companies, importers, and exporters. No one has the full picture because no one aggregates the data in one place. Banks are expected to focus on transactions and check-the-box monitoring that yields massive false positives, rather than centering on the highest risks, identifying offenders and working more closely with controllers.    Finally, the value of open source information helpful for investigations and due diligence relative to criminal networks, beneficial ownership, adverse news, and corruption is underestimated. Yet, it can point to knowledge gaps, misunderstandings, and new insights. The answer is to stop missing opportunities.    The necessary data are not in one place but do exist, hawala is a challenge but also an intelligence resource because intermediaries can help. Agencies should share information. Businesses and academia can assist with new data collection and policy useful analysis.    Our view is blurred unnecessarily. It is like having a 4K TV that we use for analog programs. The means are there to create a feed for a high-definition picture of illicit trade and finance. Several data types can be assembled. Inbound and outbound manifests on what goods are received, where, when and who is involved. Import and export declarations when goods enter or leave the economy.    Some of it is published online, and some is provided by companies for a fee. Business documents, BSA, trade finance, insurance, storage, crime, medical, satellite imaging, and cash movement data can be added too.    Concrete steps the U.S. Government should consider include the following: ensure that government data are gathered and analyzed in one place--FinCEN would be ideal. Assemble private and open source data through a trusted third party such as a university that securely stores and analyzes them in a consolidated way, collaborates with FinCEN to identify irregularities, generate typologies and red flags, map criminal networks, issue guidance, and produce evidence-based investigative clues. Update information on hawala in the United States and regions of concern. Methods keep changing and adapting, and we need to know what changed    None of this is new. At Northeastern, we collaborated with FinCEN, DHS, and NIJ to do exactly this kind of work on hawala, gold, diamonds, and tobacco trade. Working with the Arizona attorney general, we combined MSB and trade data to analyze a TBML case involving textiles in the United States, Mexico, and China.    Partners in Europe and the Middle East stand ready to be enlisted in a collective action targeting, for example, ISIS, a group with enemies in and around the territory controls. Instead of shooting in the dark, we can shed light on black markets and go after well-defined targets.    Official networks and records, networks to produce new data, technology, analytical capacity, experience, and willingness to collaborate are all there. I urge you to turn the switch. Thank you.    Mr. Passas. I agree that it has to be in the same place. With Customs, it hasn't worked as well as it could. The advantage of FinCEN is that you have the A1 group in the network for collaborations with sister agencies overseas, so this kind of consolidation is easier.    Mr. Passas. The private sector does not want to deal with terrorists or financiers, so the general will is there. The data are collected with no new cost for them to add, and consolidating the risk management is a cost-saver.    Mr. Passas. Yes, this is one of the additional reasons why open source data is a good thing to look at. Sometimes the news and the information is in the local newspaper. It may be in another language, but there is easily accessible technology to get that so that everybody can read the local newspaper and put it together.    Ms. Waters. Would anyone else like to share information or thoughts on that? If not, let me just ask a very basic question.    I thought that ``know-your-customer'' in banking really meant to know your customer, which would mean that you would know who the people are. You would have disclosure of beneficial ownership, on and on and on. Am I incorrect in thinking that ``know-your-customer'' should mean all of that?    Mr. Passas. It is good to remember that due diligence and the idea of ``know-your-customer'' came from the private sector at the beginning. It was the Wolfsberg Group that identified that as a problem for their own business. You don't want to give money to someone you do not know. You do not want to do business with someone you do not know.    So, that is something for self-protection. And for their bottom line, private entities will, and do. The question is: How much detail? And are you going to do that with the partners of the partners? And how are you going to handle correspondent relations and things overseas?    And that is where the details need to be worked out on what gets outsourced to the private sector, and what is the duty for guidance on the part of the authorities. When the authorities give good guidance, fantastic results can come when you have targeted action on the part of the banks. But when the general culture is to go out and check for everything, then we get a sea of data and we have a hard time analyzing from the government side.    Ms. Waters. Let me just say that without even dealing with the issue of terrorism and just money laundering, for example, we have been in this discussion for many, many years. I can recall the discussions we had about Mexico and about the fact that banks were basically serving as private bankers for drug dealers coming out of Mexico some years ago. I don't know what is going on now.    And we talked a lot about making the financial institutions a lot more responsible. And it was not just Mexico. It was Africa and it was a lot of other places. All of that discussion seems to have been lost and it is not a part of the discussion as we deal with terrorism. And so, I hear some of the recommendations, and I wonder about them.    But I am going to continue to listen and I'll leave you with this thought. For Mr. Bock or for those of you who are talking about expanding the role of FinCEN, I have often wondered if FinCEN wasn't always overloaded, always with too much responsibility for looking at everything from $10,000--over $10,000 transactions, which just comes in by the boatloads and other kinds of things. And would they really be able to deal with what we are trying to focus on, terrorism and money laundering through trade?    Mr. Passas. Right after 9/11, I worked with FinCEN for 3, 4 years. We worked on hawala as well as diamonds, gold, tobacco, and a number of other items. The problem was that there weren't enough resources to focus on everything. It is a question of resources. It is a question of how many analysts you are going to have; how many people will do meetings; how many people will do analysis; how many people will do the liaising with other agencies that need to investigate.    So once you get down to that and you give the guidance, then you can get better results.    Mr. Passas. Mis-invoicing. You mis-declare the destination, the value or the quantity of a product: cargo theft, counterfeiting and trade diversion.    Mr. Passas. With Lou Bock actually, in an afternoon we sat down, and we found hundreds of millions of dollars of irregularities that we passed on and nobody acted on. You could see diamonds, rough diamonds coming from countries that don't have mines. You could see brokers declaring themselves as importers of record. You could see the value disparities huge, so mis-invoicing was massive.    When you have these things, these are obvious. You put it together with the networks and the open source information, and no matter what you call it, the entity that has all the information together can turn the lights on.    Mr. Passas. One thing that you may want to think a little bit about is realigning the thinking between regulators and law enforcement on our side. Because the regulators want the banks to do what they are doing now, which is the massive transaction monitoring, whereas law enforcement wants to concentrate on targets.    When we concentrate on targets, we get better results, much more focus. We did that with child pornography, we did that with human trafficking. Much better results there. Much better use of the private sector in that respect.    Mr. Passas. Money launderers, traffickers of all kinds of things, and terrorism financiers, take whatever opportunity is available to them. If you legalize one, they will turn to something else because that is where the profits are going to be. When you ask how often these $900 buckets are identified, you can see them everywhere.    Licorice, we import from everywhere below a dollar a unit. And when it comes to Syria it goes to $26, $29. You go to Taiwan, it goes to $200. We show exports of chicken to Colombia. You look at Colombia, no imports of chicken from the United States. Where did the chicken go? We lost the chicken, right?    Now, any commodity you look at, you have no idea. If you sit down with Lou Bock in an afternoon, you are going to see that with any commodity you look at, legal commodity, you will find that problem.    Mr. Passas. And that is the problem with the cost and the duplication of the effort, because if one bank finds me as a terrorist financier and chases me away, they do not tell anyone else about this. And I go all around until I find a bank that will welcome me and I will change my name in the process. So if you have one place that does the consolidated risk management and red flags that then you get that saving.    Mr. Passas. In my experience, in many different countries you have different government structures. So you have the customs on one hand and you have the entity that does the FIU function. They are located in different parts. Some times it is police, sometimes it is the central bank, sometimes it is a ministry.    Having one definition where everything has to fit may not be the way to go forward. Define the function and the kind of information that needs to come together and then find what are the entities in different countries that need to contribute. So it is the concept of what needs to be done. The data integration and analysis and the sharing and then move with a labelling.    Mr. Passas. I can give you one example, and that is the pharmaceutical industry.    Mr. Passas. The pharmaceutical industry. There you have not only mis-invoicing but you also have counterfeiting, which is a public health as well as a cost issue. And you also have cargo theft, and we do not know who is stealing, who is selling and who is making use of the funding. We haven't looked.    What we know in the private sector is that these are problems that affect the bottom line and the public health of the sick populations. But no one is looking. We need to look.    Mr. Passas. We have started an initiative with a number of pharmaceutical companies to do exactly that. We are in the initial stages but in Boston, at Northeastern, we are beginning this.    Mr. Passas. Yes. This relates also to the need-to-know question that was raised earlier. You don't need to know necessarily the details of the information. All you need is the target. When you know what the target is, then you can give a head's up to institutions that collect that information, reverse engineer that into indicators of abuse and red flags and then you can have a guidance that everybody looks out for. That is a much better way to do it and you do not have to reveal methods or sources--anything. Because then it becomes a law enforcement case that is usable in court.    Mr. Passas. I think it is exactly right. And the banks right now, all they care about is avoiding heavy sanction and reputational damage. They are not looking for bad guys. They are not looking for offenders, and terrorist financiers    Mr. Passas. And the targets can be formed with this work. If you look at the diagrams in my written statement, it just jumps out like a fly in the milk. And that is not the sort of thing that you need any clearance for. It is out there. It is public.    Mr. Passas. Right. Well, the crooks like to hide in the crowd. That is the way it happens. In the economic crime, in organized crime, in terrorism finance, it is the same thing. So the whole point is to find in the big crowds the bad elements, the irregularities. That is what these analytics do. This is the process that has been in use.    In fact, we have been doing this with Lou Bock to find precisely what is wrong. We were in the Dominican Republic for 3 days. It was a gold case that was more than $100 million, as it turned out. It was just there.    Mr. Passas. It depends on the terrorist group that you look at. It depends on the commodity and the part of the world you are looking at. If you are looking at the Islamic State, you want to see who is buying oil, who is buying antiquities, who is providing the finance, who is driving it around, who is providing insurance. Maybe there can be barter deals. So you want to see who are the supporters, who are the facilitators--    Mr. Passas. I think one way--in my view, you always provide incentives for people to do the right thing. And I think the incentive is the revenue raising and the fighting of illicit financial flows. That is a top concern in China as well. And I think that can be the focus of attention.    Mr. Passas. If I could, I will be doing this in the near future at the International Anti-Corruption Academy, to engage in concrete collective actions against lack of integrity, including in trade. So the answer to your question is all of the above. GFI and other NGOs are engaged in this. The OECD is focused on that.    There are U.N. conventions against transnational organized crime, against terrorism finance and against corruption, that have the relevant provisions that all countries on the planet are bound by. So you have the handles to do all this, and what you can do then with the incentive for revenue raising and better governance and therefore development for investment in all the things that--the good stuff that comes after this, you provide the incentives for integrity.    You bring all of the actors together. They contribute their brains and the data. You do the analysis, you feed it back, you turn the lights on. That is why I was saying that the answer is within reach.    Mr. Passas. In addition to that, what you have is pretty standardized private sector records and data. People, beyond what the governments require, need to communicate. So the equivalent of the SWIFT messaging that you have for financial transactions exists with respect to trade transactions.    It is massive, however, and you need infrastructure to receive it and analyze it. But that is part of the data set that you can put together.    Mr. Passas. Could I add something to that? When the American Embassies were bombed in Africa, in the court--in the trial that we had in New York we had part of the evidence--the $1,000 that went from Kuwait and Yemen to Nairobi to help finance it. So that was way before 9/11 and the new rules requiring records for informal remitters. They had those records that were produced in evidence. There are records. It is a myth that there is no paperwork trail to follow in informal economies and in informal hawala business.    We have used in the United States and in Britain indicators of abuse so that you can identify which transactions are okay--honest money from migrants to their families--and what is not. This is the kind of red-flagging exercise that we can do even in places where you only have paper records and no computers. And you combine all of that together with the other data that we have.    And the World Bank and it is like USAID and so on. They do governance and capacity building everywhere in the world. It can be part of that program.    Mr. Passas. There are risks with hawala and we do have cases both of terrorism finance and trade-based money laundering or other money laundering that goes through them. They can be of use just like any financial instrument or institution. Not as much perhaps because what we have not done well is to actually leverage the information nodes in the hawala networks. When you go to ask the right questions, you get the right answers.    In Mumbai, the attacks of Mumbai and the Indian parliament, those cases were solved because of hawala collaboration. In Dubai, the Dubai police and the DEA made a big money laundering case with trade because of hawala information.    Mr. Passas. They are a resource. We are not using it. Instead, we are regulating as if it were a formal institution and we are requiring things they cannot provide, and as a result we do not have the kind of collective action with the Somalis. We had a meeting, and in fact we lost a dear colleague. He was assassinated in Somalia last year. He was trying to separate the good from the bad money in Somalia.    You can do this. There are ways of achieving this, but what we have done is just regulate them in a way that requires things that cannot be accomplished. They are ready to collaborate. They are ready to provide the evidence. They are ready to put the data in a clearinghouse that can be analyzed. That is what we need.    Mr. Passas. The Federal regulatory regime is fine. The problem that we have is the state regulatory regime that requires all kinds of resources that are not available. And I can share that with you in detail. With respect to the risks, they know their customer much better than banks sometimes, especially in parts of the world where banks aren't there. This is an intelligence asset. This is an ally against terrorism.    The Islamic State and Shabaab are going after these guys. They are enemies. That is what I meant by saying they have enemies everywhere. Let's use the enemies and go after the easy--the low-hanging fruit like ISIS and like al-Shabaab that everybody is against and we can bring all that together. So that information can be leveraged--that information can be provided and once we have the communities together they can smell the rat, they do not want terrorists, they will work with us. That is the best community policing against terrorism.    Mr. Passas. It is possible, and what we had was we were with the 18 companies from Somalia. We were in Vienna, the United Nations, and we were trying to do exactly this. That is how our French colleague was killed.    Mr. Passas. And a British former Scotland Yard colleague. It can be done and it must be done. And there is an initiative--the Safe Corridors--that is under way. There has been work also by NGOs on looking at what the impact of current regimes is. There are questions about risk and how we define it and how we do the de-risking in a way that we do not grow the systemic risk. There are handles, there are ways of doing this and I can send you separately if you wish the recommendations that we worked out.