    Mr. Collins. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I guess we will see if I can be a little bit brief.    Mr. Wheeler, at the end of July, in this hearing room, I asked you about pirate radio. I am a New Yorker. That is a big issue certainly down State, even though I am from the Buffalo area. And I did send you a letter signed by the entire New York delegation----    Mr. Collins . And most of the New Jersey delegation, including Ranking Member Pallone.    But, since then, I have continued to be disappointed. There have only been, as I understand it, five or six fines issued related to pirate radio. And it is such a small number, it is certainly the feeling within the industry that that has done nothing to address the serious issue, that we consider a serious issue, of the multiple pirate radio operators that continue to operate in the New York metropolitan area.    So, you know, my contention is, you know, to be very direct, that you have paid this lip service and, frankly, little more than lip service. You know, you decimated the Enforcement Bureau. You have closed offices and eliminated field engineers in an effort you call consolidation. But I can tell you, coming from the business sector, and I do understand consolidation, you need results to go with it, and, in this case, there have been few to no results.    So my staff called your Enforcement Bureau and said, ``Can you give us an update on what is going on with pirate radio and the enforcement efforts?''--directly to your Enforcement Bureau. I don't know if you will be surprised to hear this. Their comment was, ``We are not handling that. You will have to call Mr. Wheeler's personal office to find out what is being done on pirate radio.''    My perspective? That is an embarrassing runaround, disrespectful to my office for sure, that your Enforcement Bureau says, ``We are not doing anything.''    Mr. Collins. So I would like you and would ask you to get back to us----    Mr. Collins . In particular to my staff, who came off of that phone call and you can imagine the comments that they made about what we consider to be lip service to pirate radio. And if nothing else, if that is all it is, tell us that is all it is. But I would very much appreciate not having to wait months to get a response on this, because I found that unbelievable, frankly.    Mr. Collins. Well, good. So I will look----    Mr. Collins. No, we understand that piece. But we were quite frustrated by the----    Mr. Collins . Very direct response----    Mr. Collins. So we will just jointly dig to the bottom.    Mr. Collins. Now, the other thing--and I reach out to the industry and ask them to help me with some questions. I am sitting here at the bottom of the dais, and, usually, by the time, 30 other questions are asked. And I will tell you, what came back from me asking them to ask you was really a frustration they see right now in the investment side, actions that are a wet blanket and really having a negative impact on investments.    But they also pointed out, from their perspective--and I don't know whether this is a rhetorical comment or asking a question, but--what they see from the FCC as selective enforcement on the TTY issue, spectrum set-asides for companies who are not participating in the auctions, and onerous regulations extended to new technologies like streaming video that do nothing but discourage investments.    Mr. Collins. All right.    Mr. Collins. I am about to run out of time.    Mr. Collins. That is OK. My time has expired.    Mr. Collins. And I do look forward to catching up with you on the enforcement piece. Thank you.