    Mr. Bridenstine. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And I would like to say to my friend Mr. Perlmutter--actually to the Chairman if it's all right--I think we should have our own sticker that says 2032. We don't want to settle for 2033. Republicans ought to go for 2032.    In 1982, President Reagan reorganized our Navy's Nuclear Propulsion Program, citing the need to preserve structures and policies. While ensuring the program continues to function smoothly and efficiently, he ordered that the director of this program of great national import be appointed for an eight-year term. This change ensured that the leadership and direction of our nuclear Navy remained constant over at least, at least two presidential cycles if not multiple Administrations.    Likewise, NASA is an agency carrying out programs of national importance, which by their very nature take years, as Dr. Griffin just talked about, if not decades, to formulate, develop, and carry out. It makes complete sense to me to remove the Administrator of NASA from the political cycles in order to allow for continuity and stability.    I am proud to be a cosponsor of Chairman Culberson's bill, which proposes a ten-year term for the NASA Administrator. The Space Foundation's pioneering doctrine recommends a term of five years. I am working on legislation that includes a provision that establishes a five-year term as well. Regardless of the number, however, it seems that there is growing consensus among stakeholders and advocates to set the length of the Administrator's term beyond the standard political cycles.    Ms. Chaplain, while you focus mostly on space programs, have you gotten a sense from your time at GAO of the differences in how NASA acquisitions differ from those of government agencies that are run by nonpolitical or nontraditional heads? Have you seen a difference in how those acquisition strategies go?    Mr. Bridenstine. Sure.    Mr. Bridenstine. Butfrom your assessment, and maybe you don't make assessments since you're with GAO, but those kind of models, are they better at----    Mr. Bridenstine. Okay.    Mr. Bridenstine. Okay. And, Mr. Griffin, when you think about some of the stumbles, obviously your testimony today at the beginning, talking about, you know, 2010 and beyond with NASA and some of the stumbles that we've encountered, if your term had been extended and you would have been the Administrator, can you share with us how things might have been different?    Mr. Bridenstine. I see.    Mr. Bridenstine. Thank you. Mr. Chairman, I yield back.