    Mr. Shannon. Thank you. Thank you, Chairman Murphy, Ranking Member DeGette, and distinguished subcommittee members. I am honored to testify before you today on cyber threats and implications for the 21st century. I am Greg Shannon, the Chief Scientist for the CERT Division at the Software Engineering Institute, which is a DoD, FFRDC, operated by Carnegie Mellon University.    To sustain and expand our economy, consumers and businesses need to trust the cyber infrastructure ecosystem upon which commerce and innovation now depend. Those ecosystems must also thwart capable adversaries who seek to execute economy-disrupting cyber attacks. Today, in cyberspace, as noted before, there is no manner in which an entity, public or private, can fully protect itself without simultaneously eroding its own value. There are neither existing technologies nor any amount of money that would stop all serious cyber attacks, and allow for the efficient function of electronic commerce. We simply do not yet know how to do both.    As technologists, what are we to do? In the short term, we need to push for more and better measurement of outcomes, as noted earlier. Security successes as well as breaches. Collectively, if most everyone practices good cyber hygiene, we are unlikely to be undone by the weakest link, however, you cannot expect everyone to adopt a new idea without proof of efficacy, especially when implementation isn't free. The opportunity of measuring outcomes directly applies to two promising risk management frameworks, the NIST Cybersecurity Framework, and the Department of Energy's Cybersecurity Capability Maturity Model. Both of these frameworks are being measured for efficacy and will soon produce data telling us which practices matter. We need that feedback. The best-secured organizations continuously monitor how their performance correlates with their practices. Without meaningful feedback, the state-of-the-art cannot improve.    In the medium-term, we need to improve access to data, specifically for security and privacy innovation. Cyber solutions are only as good as the data they are created from. And currently, researchers and developers have limited access to data, resulting in subpar solutions and slower innovation. Sadly, just this morning, I listened to research results based on 15-year-old synthetic dataset with known serious limitations. Fortunately, I have also personally seen security innovation accelerated when scientists and engineers have access to good data; i.e., when modeling insider threats. If we can determine which subsets are essential for combatting those cyber threat, then less data would need to be shared and thereby possibly moderating privacy concerns.    In the long-term, we need a coordinated national strategy to sustainably build trust and thwart our cyber adversaries. For example, we need to eliminate the possibility that a single weakness can threaten the economy. Considering computational and human energy as a barrier, it is possible to create and operate a strategically advanced cyber infrastructure that would require adversaries to expend exceptional energy in order to pose serious cyber threats to our economy. Today it takes only modest computing and human energy to find and execute economy-threatening attacks, creating an environment that favors the adversary by orders of magnitude. Given the energy we already expend on security defenses, we can optimize our energy investments to create a more robust defense, and simultaneously apply recent research results and new technologies that makes the computational cost of finding and executing a compromise exceptionally high. In June, a DIMACS- and IEEE-sponsored workshop at Carnegie Mellon will discuss the technical foundations of this strategy. If we can create and operate a strategically advanced cyber infrastructure that requires adversaries to expend astronomical amounts of energy to find and execute economy-threatening attacks, then energy becomes the currency in which one traffics to protect or attack commerce around the world. Ultimately, access to energy could become a deterrent to economy-threatening cyber attacks.    Over the last 45 years, we have created the Internet and a modern evolving 21st century economy. Paradoxically, our own innovation and collective success have created today's trust and resiliency challenges. Nevertheless, I am optimistic that over the next 45 years, we will make our 21st century economy fully trustworthy and resilient.    Thank you.    Mr. Shannon. At the technological level, as I point out in my written testimony, there are some long-term research and development opportunities. Technology that is coming to fruition is becoming practical. Essentially, it makes the computations similar to--if you were to break the computation, it would be similar to breaking encryption. And so the goal is to make it so that database queries, remote computation in the Cloud, is just as difficult of disrupting and compromising as it is encryption. And these typically are encryption-based technologies, and hence, my comments about high energy, that the amount of energy it would take an adversary to compromise those systems, or to find a way to thwart those systems, would be comparable to breaking encryption.    Mr. Shannon. A big part of it is to look at the ecosystem that actually creates the components for the environment, the software, the hardware. Part of the challenge is that there is a very large shared base, and those systems have been created in an insecure manner. And so it provides ample opportunities for adversaries to work their way into, and they really create the opportunity to steal the private data and to bring down a banking site, or whatever. So that is where the real opportunity is if you designed it properly from the beginning.    Mr. Shannon. Well, the cyber threat analysis is a key part of that in terms of being able to track an adversary, and track their TTPs, their tools, techniques and procedures, so that once you realize there is a breach, you realize what the next step for that adversary might be. And it is about using the cyber intelligence----    Mr. Shannon. There are commercial organizations that actually do that. I believe that is part of what you guys do for your bread and butter.    Mr. Shannon. It is clearly a big threat. I think given that many other threats will result in direct loss of life, I think in the cyber arena it is pretty hard to make a compelling case based on experience to date. Is the potential there? Absolutely, but it is not, thank God, it hasn't manifested itself on a regular basis like it has in other areas.    Mr. Shannon. Yes, that is certainly a concern. I mean we want to be able to build better infrastructure. You know, I am part of the Software Engineering Institute, part of our goal is to develop better methodologies for creating software assurance, and part of the challenges, as we were discussing during the break, is that the libraries that are out there that developers use, there are 15 million C programmers in the world, and they all go to places like GitHub and other open-source repositories to get a lot of their code, or to look at the code to see how it is done. And those codes haven't been hardened.    Mr. Shannon. You want to provide a national asset where they can go to and get that as a given. If you provide repositories where there are already pre-hardened components, the developers would be using that if they are going to actually do some development. That----    Mr. Shannon . Is part of the benefit of ecosystems like IOS. Developers go there and they already know that they are using components that have been tested and approved.    Mr. Shannon. I think, actually, the marketplace has an opportunity to make this decision. I have seen some startups coming out that are promoting security higher to the users. And so if the company can indicate we are making things maybe a little more inconvenient for you, but it also makes it extremely more inconvenient for the hacker.    Mr. Shannon. Well, because they see it as an impediment to their profit loss, they want to retain users, they want to make their services easy to use, and so they haven't been forced to, essentially, admit that----    Mr. Shannon. That is correct.    Mr. Shannon. No, I think with the HIPAA Act that that has pretty much incented them to making investments.    Mr. Shannon. Well, and that is really what has driven a lot of the cybersecurity thinking in that sector for the last 15 years. So I think similar to other organizations, they are investing. Fortunately, they are typically large organizations, so they often have resources and can--it is not quite the small business challenge that----    Mr. Shannon . We just heard.    Mr. Shannon. One--go ahead.    Mr. Shannon. One of the challenges with regulations is that it encourages a compliance mentality, and I think we would all agree that compliance mentalities do not usually improve security dramatically. That is why I would encourage the healthcare industry to look at the NIST Cybersecurity Framework as a basis for managing cybersecurity risks, as opposed to compliance as the real driver.