    Mr. Rokita. I thank the chairman. I thank the witnesses for their testimony this morning. I am learning a lot. My first question is I think is to the governor. Thank you for being here, especially.    It seemed to me Mr. Bruno's testimony was mostly commenting on the negative economic effects of right-to-work. And I just to make sure that if you wanted to respond to any of that with any of your personal experience or from your state or anywhere else, I would like to hear it.    Governor Ricketts. Sure. It is just not my experience in the real world, the practical world, that being a right-to-work state is a disadvantage. In fact, just the opposite; that being a right-to-work state was certainly one of the things that--particularly when I was an executive, as I mentioned before, that was an important factor about where we were looking to expand. I think as companies look to see what their options are, it is an important tool to make sure they have flexibility. And frankly, that the people that work for them have flexibility. So I think it is an important thing there.    And if you look at Nebraska, for instance, we have got the lowest unemployment rate in the country, 2.5 percent. As I mentioned, we have got a high workforce participation rate. We see a lot of economic things going on in our state that are very, very good.    Mr. Rokita. Okay. Thank you, Governor.    And switching across the row there to Mr. Mix. Is it safe to say you are fairly familiar with the construct of the generic CBA agreement, collective bargaining agreement?    Mr. Mix. Yes. Yes.    Mr. Rokita. Okay. There was some testimony in response to Congressman Grothman's questioning that I thought indicated that an employer could give a raise to individual employees under a collective bargaining agreement. Is that your understanding, or does that go against the whole nature of a collective bargaining agreement?    Mr. Mix. Generally, under a collective bargaining agreement, a monopoly bargaining agreement, an employer would--it could be an unfair labor practice if you decided to adjudicate some kind of a pay raise or any kind of a bonus to an individual employee. That is pretty well known. Yes.    Mr. Rokita. Okay. Thank you. And following along with you, Mr. Mix, if I understand this right, under the collective bargaining agreement, the union likes to have sort of a monopoly over all the employees, whether they are unionized or in a right-to-work state, for example, nonunionized. And so they offer this grievance procedure. In fact, you have to go through this grievance procedure.    And now, of course, the NLRB is saying well, there ought to be a charge to the nonunion employees for this grievance procedure. Isn't it possible at least from a legal standpoint that a union could just decide not to offer the grievance procedure to a nonunionized employee in the collective bargaining agreement?    Mr. Mix. I am sorry. The question again? I didn't quite hear that question.    Mr. Rokita. Yes.    Mr. Mix. Is it--    Mr. Rokita. Yes. So the collective bargaining agreement structure as I understand it covers all employees for the--    Mr. Mix. Yes, sir.    Mr. Rokita.--union or not.    Mr. Mix. Yes.    Mr. Rokita.--right?    And then now the issue, of course, is the NLRB wants to charge a fee to the nonunion employees for the grievance procedure that the CBA covers--    Mr. Mix. That is correct.    Mr. Rokita.--right?    Well, isn't it just as legally possible to have a CBA that excludes the union employee from the grievance procedure? Isn't that a way to resolve this?    Mr. Mix. Yes. Yes. In fact, you know, union officials and actually the former chairman of the National Labor Relations Board, Bill Gould, he indicated and he understood that federal law allows union officials to represent members only. And we are beginning to have that debate in Chattanooga at the Volkswagen plant down there.    The bottom line is the grievance process is part and parcel, it is wholly encapsulated by the bargaining agreement. In fact, it is simply the interpretation of the bargaining agreement that it is. If you are a nonmember, you didn't vote on the agreement, you didn't get a chance to because of your nonmember status--    Mr. Rokita. Right. Right.    Mr. Mix.--in a right-to-work state, but you have to accept it because of the exclusive bargaining monopoly privilege of the union.    And so if you have a Venn diagram, you know, where the two circles intersect, the collective--the grievance process is entirely within the bargaining circle. It is not outside. It is not independent. It can't be adjudicated in a way that violates the contract.    And it is the union that is the final arbitrator of whether or not it violates the contract. In fact, a worker can't go to a second step of appeal without the union's permission. And the union has the right to appeal any adjudication of a grievance and actually have it voided because it violates the contract. Those are the facts.    Mr. Rokita. But that doesn't have to be.    Mr. Mix. It doesn't have to be. They could represent their members only.    Mr. Rokita. In the 30 seconds or so I can't--I don't have the clock right in front of me, but I see the yellow light.    Tell me more about Chattanooga, what is going on down there.