    Mr. YOUNG. Thank you, chairman. You know, I have long been intrigued by what has become a very popular formulation. I think J.F.K. first said it, or at least it first caught fire when he said, a rising tide lifts all boats. And I think that generally is the case. We need to do those macroeconomic things, like reform our Tax Code, reduce the number of burdensome regulations, and so forth so that that tide can rise. But I think it is clear now, when you look at the data, when you visit with enough people, that there are some boats that require patching.    And I see a unique role, not necessarily for the Federal Government, in many cases for State governments to tailor programs to unique needs of, say, the State of Indiana where I hail from as opposed to Massachusetts or California. I also see a real role for what still, to this day, is the most vibrant civil society in human history. Mr. Randolph, perhaps you could speak to some of those interventions we have seen at the State level, the local level, our churches, our not-for-profits, what role do they have ensuring that people get back to work and enter sort of the path to upward mobility?    Mr. YOUNG. You did indeed.    Mr. YOUNG. The purpose of this program--this hearing, rather, is to investigate some of the distortions that are created by our government programs, the disincentives created for someone going back to work. So I was particularly struck by your example. I think the calculations you made work, someone from Lake County Indiana, a single parent, working at $12 an hour, which amounts to $22,000 a year, would rationally say, no, I am not going to take this $18-an-hour job offer, which amounts to $40,000 a year because, you know, it is--I would end up losing money in the whole course of this sort of calculation. And this is--this is an abomination and something we need to solve here.    Mr. YOUNG. So two tracks here: Patching the boats and removing the disincentives created by the Federal Government, and I think we will be in a better spot. I yield back.