    Mr. Walden. We will call to order the subcommittee on Communications and Technology, and I want to welcome everyone here today, and wish a very good morning to Chairman Wheeler and Commissioner Pai. Delighted to have you back before the subcommittee again this year. We appreciate the work you are doing at the FCC, and look forward to your testimony, and our opportunities to pursue some issues. At the risk of sounding a bit like a broken record, however, I continue to be concerned with the Commission's failure to adhere to sound regulatory process.    For the nearly 5 years that I have had the opportunity to Chair this subcommittee, as you all know, I have consistently pushed to make the FCC a better, more transparent agency, and yet it seems like the chasm between Commissioners deepens over time. When the Committee considered process reform legislation a few months ago, I had hope we had reached the bottom of that well, that the Commission would begin to find its way back to the collegiality and honest policy debates and compromises that have characterized it since 1934. Unfortunately, that appears not to be the case. And if Commissioner Pai's testimony is any indication, things might actually be getting worse at the Commission, and that is disappointing, to say the least.    With all that is going on at the Commission, and in the world of communications, we have much ground to cover in today's hearing, which likely will necessitate a second round of questioning. To get things started, let me highlight five areas of policy concern that I, and some other members of this Committee, have. First, the auction. For a successful auction we all know that the sellers and buyers need to fully understand and support the rules. Yet, when it comes to the band plan, questions and uncertainty still abound. Layered on top is growing concern regarding how the re-pack will work, including as it relates to the future of low powered television stations and translators. Now, it was never our intent that these diverse voices in the marketplace would get fully silenced. And then there are the issues of potential interference which have come up, which, as we all know, when mishandled, can doom an auction, as has occurred in the past.    Second, the FCC's action on the designated entity issue raises some concerns for many of us. While the FCC majority claims that its changes will strengthen the integrity of the program, a goal we all share, sadly, I am afraid they simply replace one set of rules that were gamed with a new set yet to be gamed. The Commission's new rules remove the obligation to provide facilities-based service, and permit leasing of 100 percent of the spectrum purchased. Now, that sets the stage for sophisticated spectrum arbitragers, financed by taxpayer dollars, to participate in the next spectrum auction, bringing nothing to the competitive market. The Chairman's advocacy for this outcome is puzzling, given the assurances that the changes would protect the program from ``slick lawyers taking advantage of loopholes in the program to unjustly enrich their sophisticated clientele.''    Third, the Telephone Consumer Protection Act. My colleague from New Mexico and I have had serious bipartisan discussions about the approach the FCC has taken as it relates to the fundamental nature of democracy and American practical communications in a wireless ago. Beyond that, members of the Subcommittee are just beginning to hear from adversely affected users about the disruption this new ruling will have on a variety of companies, and the consumers they try to serve.    Fourth, expansion of the Lifeline Program. All one has to do is read today's story in Politico regarding the problems over at the Department of Agriculture's Rural Utility Service to understand why it is so essential, before any agency moves to spend money, it should have tight control and a budget. Unfortunately for ratepayers, in a party line vote the FCC decided to rush forward to expand the Lifeline Program into broadband with little reform, and no limit on the spending.    Fifth, admit the swirl of controversy that continues to surround the actions the Commission takes, let us not lose sight of what is not getting done. For example, the AM revitalization proceeding has been described by some as grinding to a halt, despite the Chairman's assurances to this subcommittee. The quadrennial review of the limitations on ownership of broadcast properties continues to languish, in open violation of the Commission's legal obligation.    Let me close with this. Each member of the Commission is very bright, talented, and thoroughly passionate. And yet, as evidenced by recent public comments of Commissioner O'Reilly, and the testimony today of Commissioner Pai, it is clear that they believe the process at the FCC too often fails to include them in a meaningful and substantive way. And we hear similar complaints from stakeholders who feel ignored or shut out altogether. This is neither necessary nor helpful, as the Commission, and all of us in Congress, try to work through the complicated issues in today's rapidly involving communications world.    And on a final note, on the good news side of things, at least if you have the background I have, I am pleased to note that AT&T today announced that they reached an agreement to allow FM chips in cell phones, making at least the second carrier to do so, and we hope that other carriers will follow suit.    Mr. Walden. With that, I have used up my time, and turn to the gentlelady from California.    Mr. Walden. Without objection.    Mr. Walden. The gentleman yields back, the gentlelady yields back. The Chair recognizes the gentlelady from Tennessee, Mrs. Blackburn.    Mr. Walden. The gentlelady yields back. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New Jersey, Mr. Pallone, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Walden. The gentlelady yields back, the gentleman yields back. And I think all time has now expired. So now we will go to our two distinguished witnesses, the Chairman of the Federal Communications Commission, Mr. Wheeler. We are delighted to have you back. Apparently we are really delighted, because we have you a lot, and that is a good thing. And so we welcome you and Commissioner Pai, but Mr. Wheeler, why don't you go ahead and lead off? Yes, it is a modern technology thing.    Mr. Walden. We can arrange that.    Mr. Walden. Thank you, Chairman, appreciate the update. We will now go to Commission Pai. We are delighted to have you before the subcommittee again, and please go ahead with your testimony.    Mr. Walden. Thank you, Commissioner Pai. We appreciate your testimony as well.    Chairman Wheeler, as you know, LPTV and translators play an important role in providing important information and programming to consumers and businesses, and especially when it comes to the translators serving difficult to reach terrain and rural communities. What do you plan to do to minimize the impacts of re-packing on LPTV and translators to help ensure that their important programming continues to reach viewers?    Mr. Walden. OK.    Mr. Walden. Right.    Mr. Walden. And aren't you going to also give them--like in the DTV transition there was an opportunity to apply, they got some preference to move.    Mr. Walden. In the application process. I will get back to you.    Mr. Walden. It was the displacement relief.    Mr. Walden. All right. Thank you. I want to talk about some of the financial issues, because you have spoken about them eloquently before the Appropriations Committee, and publicly, and I know that you addressed field agents during a recent agenda meeting regarding the issue of closing the field offices. And you seemed to take special point that your budget comes from Congress and all, which is true.    And I want to ask Commissioner Pai, is it true that the Enforcement Bureau's front office management staff has more than doubled size since 2008?    Mr. Walden. Is that true, Mr. Wheeler?    Mr. Walden. It is not?    Mr. Walden. OK. Yes, we want to follow up, because obviously there is a disagreement among you two on this----    Mr. Walden . Matter. Isn't it also a fact that the Enforcement Bureau has more vehicles than field agents?    Mr. Walden. All right.    Mr. Walden. Yes.    Mr. Walden. Is that--but we are talking----    Mr. Walden . Across the--it is more than just Anchorage----    Mr. Walden. Right.    Mr. Walden. And what about--we keep hearing stories that you all have cars and drivers, and all that sort of thing at the Commission. Is that true? Actually, I don't know about you all, I don't have a car and driver, other than my little Prius out there. But is that true? Don't you----    Mr. Walden. Yes?    Mr. Walden. It shows. Yes.    Mr. Walden. All right.    Mr. Walden. Yes. All right. My time has run out.    Mr. Walden. Turn to the gentlelady from----    Mr. Walden. The gentlewoman's time----    Mr. Walden. The gentlewoman's----    Mr. Walden . Time has expired.    Mr. Walden. The Chair now recognizes the gentlelady from Tennessee, Mrs. Blackburn.    Mr. Walden. Without objection.    Mr. Walden. All right, the gentlelady's time has expired. We will now go to the gentleman from New Jersey, Mr. Pallone.    Mr. Walden. All right.    Mr. Walden. Well done.    The Chairman now recognizes the gentleman from Texas, Mr. Barton, up next.    Mr. Walden. The gentleman yields back. The Chair now recognizes the gentlelady from California, Ms. Matsui, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Walden. I am just going by the list that your staff----    Mr. Walden. Well----    Mr. Walden. I am just going by the list your staff provided, so----    Mr. Walden. We will go with whatever you want.    Mr. Walden. I am just going by your list, so go ahead, Ms. Matsui.    Mr. Walden. The gentlelady's time has expired, and yields back. The Chair now recognizes the Vice-Chair of the subcommittee, the gentleman from Ohio, Mr. Latta.    Mr. Walden. Without objection.    Mr. Walden. The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Vermont. Just kidding. Mr. Doyle from----    Mr. Walden . Pennsylvania.    Mr. Walden. Just wanted to make sure he was awake. Mr. Doyle.    Mr. Walden. Would the gentleman----    Mr. Walden . Just for a second. We have been informed by the folks that do the streaming, Mr. Wheeler, if you could pull that microphone closer? In the Internet Age, they are not able to hear you quite as well, so----    Mr. Walden. The gentleman yields back. The Chair now recognize the gentleman from Illinois, Mr. Shimkus, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Walden. Time has expired. Now go to the gentleman from Vermont, Mr. Welch, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Walden. Please.    Mr. Walden. He might address the eligibility database. I don't think we got to that. Commissioner Pai?    Mr. Walden. What about the eligibility database? Where are you on that?    Mr. Walden. That is something we need to get done, obviously.    Mr. Walden. I will go now to the gentleman from New Jersey, Mr. Lance, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Walden. I have got a pre-recorded message we will----    Mr. Walden . Send you. I do think there are issues the Committee will proceed to talk about on this issue, though, as it relates to democracy and----    Mr. Walden. We will go now to Mr. Loebsack of Iowa for 5 minutes.    Mr. Walden. The gentleman yields back. The Chair recognize the gentleman from Kentucky, Mr. Guthrie, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Walden. The gentleman yields back. The Chair now recognizes the gentlelady, Ms. Clarke, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Walden. Probably for the record, because I want to keep moving forward, I think.    Mr. Walden. Mr. Olson from Texas, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Walden. The gentleman yields back the balance of his time. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois, Mr. Rush, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Rush. That is good news, Mr. Chairman, and I am just apoplectic about this situation. And I don't know--well, let me move on. If I have--my time is up.    Mr. Walden. Time has expired. Yes, I should tell you, we are going to do a second round of questions, so if you are here for that, there will be more time. We will now go to the gentleman from Florida, Mr. Bilirakis, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Walden. OK. Yes. So now we will go to--Mr. Johnson is next----    Mr. Walden . For 5 minutes.    Mr. Walden. Thank you. And now we go to the gentleman from Missouri, Mr. Long, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Walden. The gentleman yields back. The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from North Dakota, Mr. Cramer.    Mr. Walden. And if you hang around, Mr. Cramer, we are going to do a second round. You could be, like, really quick on the shot clock here. We are now going to go to the gentleman from New Mexico, Mr. Luja AE1n, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Luja AE1n. Mr. Chairman, thank you so much for having us here today. Ranking Member Eshoo, it is an honor to be with--here with both of you. Chairman Wheeler, Commissioner Pai, thank you for joining us as well.    I appreciate the testimony centered around rural access. As Commissioner Pai said, he is a rural guy, I am a rural guy. I think Chairman Walden also represents a very rural district, as we talk about many parts of the country that need broadband access, and affordability. And you have heard me say this many times, Chairman Wheeler, we can have connectivity at 30,000 feet when we are flying across the United States in an airplane, there is no reason that we cannot have connectivity when we are on the ground traveling all across America, not only in rural communities, tribal communities, and states like mine, in New Mexico.    With that being said, in New Mexico, for example, 77 percent of those living rural communities, and 89 percent living in tribal communities lack access to advanced broadband. Chairman Wheeler, as you said in your testimony, you have pursued an aggressive agenda at the FCC that includes reforming the E-rate Program, modernizing the Lifeline Program, and establishing the Connect America Fund. Can you discuss what this agenda means for people who lack sufficient access to broadband and communication services, not just with buildout, but also with making it more affordable so people are able to take advantage once there is a buildout program?    Mr. Walden. Indeed.    Mr. Luja AE1n. Thank you, Chairman.    Mr. Walden. I don't know if you can get there from here. Which we are going to start now, so thank you.    I want to go back to this issue of LPTV and translators, and maybe Commissioner Pai--Chairman Wheeler. There is all this talk now at the Commission about setting aside an entire channel for unlicensed. And I support unlicensed, we have made a lot of unlicensed available, there is more to be done, but won't setting aside a whole channel for unlicensed contribute to the problem that we are hearing from translator and the LPTV community? Commissioner.    Mr. Walden. Chairman Wheeler?    Mr. Walden. So will you commit to LPTV and translators having priority, then, over unlicensed?    Mr. Walden. In the TV band?    Mr. Walden. True.    Mr. Walden. Yes. I would say--my recollection of the statute, which we together helped write here, was----    Mr. Walden . That unlicensed was never set aside as a priority to go create a nationwide band. In fact, we had a lot of discussion about that very fact, that you don't go clear all this and then give it away to, in effect, some pretty major operators. You know, Commissioner Pai?    Mr. Walden. Right.    Mr. Walden. Right.    Mr. Walden. I think you have got disagreement with Commissioner Pai, but I am going to have to move along here. My concern is there are a lot of--I hear from my colleagues all over the west, there are concern these translators are going to go dark because they are going to get squished out. And if they get squished out because you created a whole band of unlicensed, that only adds to the problem. And there is a public interest obligation underpinning all of this at the Commission to provide for.    Now, I realize they are not classy. I realize they don't have all the rights, and all that. I was a licensee of translators myself. I knew I could be pushed out. But through this you have got some flexibility here to manage, and that is, I guess, what we are calling----    Mr. Walden. I want to switch gears to go to the TCPA issue very quickly, because this issue of auto-dialer has come up. And, in your order, you adopted a pretty broad definition of an auto-dialer, although you acknowledged, and I quote, ``there are outer limits of the capacity of equipment to be an auto-dialer, and there must be more than a theoretical potential that the equipment could be modified to satisfy the auto-dialer definition.'' Is my iPhone an auto-dialer?    Mr. Walden. Then let me ask you this. There are at least three apps that we found, Dial My Calls, Call Bot Automated Calling, and Voxling that would turn my iPhone into an auto-dialer.    Mr. Walden. But----    Mr. Walden. But my----    Mr. Walden . Question to you, though, is if I push somebody's name, Chairman Wheeler's--I don't ever dial your number. I just push----    Mr. Walden . Chairman Wheeler, and it dials. To me--is that an auto-dialer?    Mr. Walden. OK. If I have a database of names that I want to reach out to, let us say voters, and I want to turn them out to vote, and I have a device that calls until somebody answers, and then I can take the call, is that an auto-dialer?    Mr. Walden. OK. So I no longer can do that? If I have a tele-town hall in my office, which I do, and there is some company that does--calls all those thousands of people in my district, are they now prohibited from doing this?    Mr. Walden. So tele-town halls now by members of Congress, and most members do that, are now against----    Mr. Walden. No, I am asking you the question.    Mr. Walden. So those are prohibited, and your contention is always have been?    Mr. Walden. Wow. That is interesting. That would be news to a lot of people. Commissioner Pai?    Mr. Walden. Well, and we are hearing from others out there who are--there is this issue with the health care exchanges, and whether or not insurance companies can follow up and notify you that it is time for you to come in and have some tests done. I have been told that may be prohibited now. Are you aware of that? Are you hearing those issues?    Mr. Walden. Yes.    Mr. Walden. Right, but you interpreted.    Mr. Walden. Right.    Mr. Walden. And with changing technology, 40 percent of Americans no longer have a land line, right?    Mr. Walden. I know you spoke out and said, basically, pollsters could go the way of blacksmiths, I guess.    Mr. Walden. Well, I guess my point is--so that industry, in effect, in terms of trying to do a random sample is now put out this----    Mr. Walden . In this effect, right? How do you do a random sample on a poll if you can't randomly sample and dial?    Mr. Walden. Right.    Mr. Walden. Right.    Mr. Walden. Got it.    Mr. Walden. Well, we have seen some examples by the Court where they would disagree with your interpretation of statute on other issues----    Mr. Walden . Rather violently and directly.    Mr. Walden. Well, I think we are just figuring out the impact----    Mr. Walden . Of your ruling as it relates to--I have gone way beyond my time, but I will now defer to my colleague from California, Ms. Eshoo.    Mr. Walden. In '91. That is a long time ago. That is many, many moons ago, when you think of how many generations of technology changes have taken place. So whether someone wants to be a strict constructionist or whatever, I think that we have to have the elasticity to stay up with the times. I mean, each one of us represents 750,000 people. Now, maybe we have got to reach out to every single one of them if we possibly can, but, in my view, meeting with people relative to a telephone town hall meeting has been overwhelmingly embraced. Not just accepted, but embraced by my constituents. Plus it saves tons of money, and they get to just ask whatever they want. So these are, I don't think they would be satisfied--well, this is what the statute says. I think they would say, change whatever you have to change, but keep up with the changes that are taking place. So it is important.    Since we are going into a second round, and maybe it is just the Chairman and myself. No, that is--two others? Good, Billy and Ben. I want to talk about your budget. The House appropriators have really screwed the FCC, in plain English, in my view. And I don't think it is funny, I think it is serious. We had members asking questions today about travel budgets. I think that whatever you do, and however you do it, it would be interesting to see if it tracks along with what--how members of Congress are allowed to handle their MRA. I don't know, but it may be something for us to discuss. Now, the fiscal year appropriations bill has $315 million in it. That reflects a cut of $25 million below the fiscal year 2015 enacted level, and $73 million below the request. Now, they also have placed in riders relative to net neutrality and all of that.    Now, what I would like to ask you, Mr. Chairman, is have you had conversations with the appropriators? Is there anyone from the majority here that has been asked to lean in with the appropriators? I mean, we are constantly putting on the FCC, and in oversight, all of these issues come up. I don't know who is going to do this work and follow up with every member's request about what they want? You wanted to close offices, members said don't close them, we need them open. But, I mean, there are so many things that are reliant on dollars. And I am not talking about having a load of extra dough. I am talking about the agency being able to carry out its responsibilities. So what I would like to know from you is, have you had conversations with the appropriators on the majority side? Have you had conversations with the majority side here to see what can be worked out with the budget?    I don't know, these riders, the President is not going to sign something like that. And at the end of the day, I think that the appropriations process is so messed up around here because we don't have regular order, speaking of transparency, and process, and all of that, that we are going to end up with an omnibus bill. And I think that is what is going to happen. So compare and contrast what your present budget is, because an omnibus doesn't really allow for that much more, and address for us any conversations, or how you are following up with whatthe appropriators did to the budget of your agency.    Mr. Walden. Second time. I was there last year.    Mr. Walden. I was right behind you and waving.    Mr. Walden. I was there to listen to the appropriators----    Mr. Walden. Yes.    Mr. Walden. No. No, I was there to hear what they had to say.    Mr. Walden. Thank the gentlelady. Now go to the gentleman from Missouri, Mr. Long.    Mr. Walden. You hang around long enough----    Mr. Walden. The gentleman yields back. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New Mexico, Mr. Luja AE1n.    Mr. Luja AE1n. Thank you, Chairman Walden, and I would like to associate myself with the questions that both Ranking Member Eshoo and Chairman Walden were asking pertaining to what appears now to be our inability to reach out to the American people to be able to get feedback from them.    Chairman Wheeler, as we talked about these telephone town halls, when I travel the 13th Congressional District of New Mexico, especially in rural communities, one of the things that I hear from members of the community that I represent was sometimes I have to travel 3 or 4 hours just to get to town centers, not even city centers, is how much they appreciate being able to weigh in.    So if the rule requires them to opt into this program, how would we reach out to seven, 800,000 constituents for them to opt in? We can't sent them an e-mail because, based on a 2015 press release coming from the FCC, only 48 percent of those making less than $25,000 have broadband service at home. And so if we can't reach out to them to opt in, do I send them a letter, which is what the FCC is working against? You don't want to be sending letters and forms out to opt in, and then you would have to check a box yes or no, and then you get the letter back in. I certainly hope that we can look at this to see how we can address this. And I know it is something that I visited with Chairman Walden, and with Ranking Member Eshoo, with both the majority and minority staffs on this, so I look forward to working with you on that as well.    With that being said, just some additional questions about broadband penetration. There has been a little bit of conversation today about broadband, and, Chairman Pai, do you see broadband penetration or accessibility in rural parts of the country to broadband as a necessity or a luxury?    Mr. Walden. Thank you, and we appreciate your participation, and that of our witnesses. And, speaking of outdated data, just in closing, the quadrennial review I referenced in my opening statement is now--I think the last one we got is probably 8 years old, so I hope the Commission will deal with the quadrennial ownership report on a basis as required by statute. AM modernization is still something high on a number of our priorities, and on the de-stack issue, we ask in stellar that the Commission deal with the downloadable security issues, and it appears that Committee was given direction to work disaggregation of data on a video stream. So, again, we are after the downloadable security issue.    I have one letter to put in the record from Care Payment, without objection.    Mr. Walden. And I think you heard, Mr. Chairman, bipartisan concerns here on TCPA. We realize you are implementing the law, it appears a law that was created back in '91, when you got charged for incoming phone calls. Nobody is talking about robocalls here for cell phones. None of us want that. But I think there is an issue here where we need to take a look at that law.    So, with that, thank you for your diligence, and your patience, and with that, subcommittee stands adjourned.