    Mr. Gowdy. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And, Mr. George, I want you to take heart and I want you to be heartened by the fact that, when one side has good facts, they pound the facts, and when they have good law, they pound the law, and when they don't have either facts or law, then they like to pound the judge. And that's what we've been listening to tonight. I've heard more questions and tougher questions directed to you than I've heard directed to Lois Lerner. So I want you to take heart.    And we'll get back to this bipartisanship here toward the end, because I'd like to invite my friends from the other side of the aisle to write a letter to the Department of Justice. Speaking of the appearance of partisanship, we have a DOJ lawyer who contributed the maximum to the President, and that's who's supposed to be investigating.    So, perhaps, Mr. Chairman, we could have a letter, and we could get some Democrats to sign that letter with us, and we can ask the Department of Justice to update us on the status of the investigation and whether or not Ms. Bosserman is the right person to conduct that investigation.    However, Mr. Camus, I want to ask you this. Mr. Koskinen, Commissioner Koskinen, in June 2014, said that there was no evidence of criminal wrongdoing, which I found to be stunning because I was not aware previously that he was a criminal investigator. I thought he was the Commissioner of the IRS. So I think we both learned something that night.    He had conducted a full investigation and found no criminal wrongdoing, which I found also stunning because the Ways and Means Committee had made a criminal referral to the Department of Justice.    So, to the extent Mr. Koskinen is watching tonight, are there potential criminal statutes at play?    Mr. Gowdy. Well, what could they be? I'm not asking you to prejudge it, but you can't discriminate against someone based on their political ideology, can you?    Mr. Gowdy. No. That's against the law, and thank the Lord for it.    And you can't disclose confidential taxpayer information, can you?    Mr. Gowdy. No, you cannot.    Nor can you mislead Congress, can you?    Mr. Gowdy. Could I ask the chairman to engage in a colloquy with me?    Mr. Chairman, I listened--and he is my friend, from Virginia, Mr. Connolly. And I want to say that publicly. It may hurt him in this district, but he is my friend. I listened to him ask Mr. George to respond to a letter that he had written asking for an update on something that clearly Mr. George has no jurisdiction over and can't respond to.    And I would be curious as to whether or not the chairman would ask our friends on the other side of the aisle if they would be willing to write a letter to the Department of Justice. I'd be curious how Ms. Bosserman was chosen out of all the competent--and there are lots and lots of competent attorneys in the Department of Justice. I am curious why she, as a max-out donor to the President, was picked to head this criminal investigation.    And, Mr. Chairman, I'd be interested in whether or not there has even been a grand jury that's been convened. And, Mr. Chairman, I'd be interested in whether or not any grand jury subpoenas have been issued, either for documents or for witnesses. And I'd be interested in whether or not there are any proffer agreements or whether they've made any effort to talk to Ms. Lerner. You and I didn't have any success talking to her. I was hoping that they would have more success.    So I would ask the chairman to investigate, given this bipartisan spirit that I heard tonight, asking our colleagues on the other side of the aisle to join in a letter with us asking for an update on the real investigation, not investigating the investigator, which is what I've heard a lot of tonight----    Mr. Gowdy . But actually--I will in just a second. And I will, I promise--not investigating the investigator, which I've heard a lot of tonight, Mr. George, but the real underlying investigation into whether criminal conduct was engaged in.    Would the chairman be willing to entertain that thought?    Mr. Gowdy. And I thank the gentleman from Utah.    And I would yield, with great trepidation, to my friend from Virginia.    Mr. Gowdy. Well, reclaiming----    Mr. Gowdy. Reclaiming my time, because I'm out of time, and I know the chairman----    Mr. Gowdy . Is going to let me make one conclusory comment.    This is, I think, the third time Mr. George has appeared before this committee. So my point to the gentleman from Virginia is simply this: What's good for the goose is good for the gander. If this man is going to have to sit here and listen to accusations about his character and his partiality, then I think the least that can be done is that we can have a few questions to the Department of Justice about--I'm not prejudging Ms. Bosserman. I have no idea. I just find it curious, out of all the thousands of lawyers in the Department of Justice, why they stumbled upon one who was a max-out donor to the DNC. That was my question.    And I know I'm out of time, so I'll yield back to the chair.