    Mrs. Napolitano. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. There are a lot of good provisions in this bill regarding safety, technology, and addressing the concerns of the local communities over the Metroplex flight routing plans. But, unfortunately, the bill also includes several poison pills that I cannot support, and find very objectionable.    One of them--and I strongly oppose the inclusion of section 611, which overturns a Federal court decision that protects meal and rest breaks for truckers, truck drivers, as required by California law. And it is a law in 21 States. On July 4, 2014, the Ninth U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that trucking operations in California must allow for 30-minute meal breaks after 5 hours of work, and a 10-minute rest break after 4 hours of work, a very reasonable standard when you consider that truck drivers can be subject to 14 hours of on-duty time.    Section 611 would not only preempt California's law with regard to trucking operations, but would also preempt laws in these other 21 States and territories that currently guarantee a meal break. States are Colorado, Connecticut, Delaware, Illinois, Kentucky, Maine, Massachusetts, Minnesota, Nebraska, Nevada, New Hampshire, New York, North Dakota, Oregon, Rhode Island, Tennessee, Vermont, Washington, West Virginia, Guam, and Puerto Rico.    States should be allowed to set their own meal and break standards as they see fit for the health and safety of their workers and of the general public. This section has no place in this aviation bill, as it is a provision that was addressed in the motor carrier labor standards, which we already debated in the FAST Act, the transportation bill currently just passed. And the conference committee wisely agreed that we should not interfere with State laws. This provision was not included in the final FAST Act.    And, Mr. Chairman, I will be offering an amendment with my colleagues, Ranking Member Norton and Mr. Nadler, to strike this section from the bill. I urge my colleagues to support it.    Secondly, I have strong concerns and do oppose the proposals included in this bill that privatizes our air traffic control system. I have visited several of my small areas and talked to the traffic control persons, and they may have challenges, but it is still the safest and most efficient in the world, when you consider how many flights per day operate in our country.    One of the greatest challenges facing our air traffic control and aviation system is a lack of investment by Congress, by this Government, in new technology, safety, and our airports. We should be using this bill to address our investment challenges and give our airports the tools to increase investment and raise the cap of passenger facility charges if local agencies want to raise the revenue for airport improvement.    Mr. Chairman, I want to show this chart that was prepared, the comparison of air navigation service providers.    Mrs. Napolitano. And, as you can see, the United States is way ahead, and 15,539,009. This is in movements--compared to the United Kingdom and Canada, which are not even half. And the smaller number of airplanes is 209,034, where--this is the number of general aviation aircraft, and you should have it somewhere up there, too--whereas the closest one is the United Kingdom at 1,480. This is just not a comparison.    And then, when we have the big giveaway, value of assets for Canada is $3 billion, of the United Kingdom is $1.3 billion, and in the U.S. is $53 billion. Not quite the comparison that I would say is adequate.    I have concern the new air traffic controller system would address recruitment, retention, and training of a diverse air traffic control workforce. It is a giveaway, and I think one of the issues I have is the flight paths that I have taken up with     And, Mr. Rinaldi, under this privatization proposal what requirements and standards will apply with respect to the organization's recruitment and retention of a diverse workforce? And how will the proposal work in maintaining standards for training air traffic controllers, and making sure they are prepared and fit to protect our Nation's skies? And who will be in charge of and make those decisions?    Mrs. Napolitano. Thank you. Well, there is a lot of other questions I would have, Mr. Chair, but I really thank you for bringing this forth. I yield back.