    Mrs. Watson Coleman. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And I'm really sorry I couldn't be here all day. I may ask you some questions that have already been asked.    So I want to talk about sort of the company and how generous it is and what a good life it seems to be associated with being associated with the company. Your perks, in particular, aren't limited to just an astronomical salary and stock benefits. You also have access to the company jet. Is that true?    Mrs. Watson Coleman. Mylan's public filings list the amount of money that that you spent on the company's jet. In 2015, you spent 310,000, and in 2014, you spent 319,000. Does that sound correct? Does that sound correct?    Mrs. Watson Coleman. Did you fly here today?    Mrs. Watson Coleman. And did you fly on the private jet?    Mrs. Watson Coleman. And were you accompanied by anybody?    Mrs. Watson Coleman. That's a yes or you're asking me?    Mrs. Watson Coleman. Okay. Do you have any idea how much that costs?    Mrs. Watson Coleman. Let me ask you another question. From where did you fly?    Mrs. Watson Coleman. From Pittsburgh. Is that where you're located?    Mrs. Watson Coleman. Okay. Yeah, it is a little stunning to see that so much money could be spent on your traveling around in a jet while we're having this discussion here about whether or not Americans are being bilked for a life-saving drug like EpiPen.    I know the importance of EpiPen because when I was a legislator in the State of New Jersey, we voted legislation to make sure that all the schools had it. And so I was sort of very interested in your response to Mr. Welch, if this drug use had increased so very much, wouldn't there have been then an associated decrease in the cost to people because it was so widely used? That's just the economies of scale, but apparently that's not the case.    I want to talk a little bit about the company and some of its tax benefits, because I think I want to participate in the backdrop of a picture here.    We know that you've profited from increasing the price of EpiPens, but you've also--this company has also increased its profits in another way, and that's by taking advantage of a tax loophole, particularly the tax inversion, which involves a company moving its official headquarters abroad to lower the amount of taxes they pay in the United States.    In 2014, Mylan moved its official headquarters to the Netherlands. Is that true?    Mrs. Watson Coleman. You wrote in a letter to shareholders about the tax inversion, and I quote: ``The transaction also is expected to lower Mylan's adjusted tax rate, currently forecasted to be approximately 24 to 25 percent in 2014, to approximately 20 to 21 percent in the first full year after the consummation of the transaction and to the high teens thereafter.''    What was Mylan's companywide effective tax rate in 2014?    Mrs. Watson Coleman. What is it today?    Mrs. Watson Coleman. So, from our perspective, last year, hardworking Americans had to pay 25 percent on all amounts that they've earned over $38,000. But Mylan, which, according to the SEC filings, had earnings in 2014 of close to a billion dollars, you paid a lower tax rate than many individuals who are struggling and who are possibly parents who need access to those drugs for their children.    Did you lower the cost of the EpiPen since Mylan would be saving so much in taxes by this move?    Mrs. Watson Coleman. So, from the benefit that you derived from moving your headquarters, did you lower the EpiPen cost here in this country?    Mrs. Watson Coleman. That's a yes or a no, ma'am.    Mrs. Watson Coleman. So that's a no or a yes? That would be no.    Mrs. Watson Coleman. Okay. According to an article in the Washington Post, as a result of this tax inversion, some Mylan executives based in the U.S. faced higher personal tax liability related to stock that they received as part of their compensation. That same article stated that Mylan paid you more than $5 million to cover these taxes.    So, while Mylan skirted its tax liability and left our country, leaving hardworking Americans to foot this bill, you didn't have to worry, because Mylan paid more than $5 million to cover your personal taxes. That's really hard to deal with and hard to believe.    You are the CEO of Mylan, right?    Mrs. Watson Coleman. When Mylan moved its official headquarters abroad, did you move to the Netherlands?    Mrs. Watson Coleman. According to your Web site, and I quote: ``The chief executive officer and other executive officers of Mylan N.V. carry out the day-to-day conduct of Mylan N.V.'s worldwide business at the company's principal offices in Canonsburg, Pennsylvania.'' Is that true?    Mrs. Watson Coleman. So is there anything more than a virtual office in the Netherlands so that you could claim to be a tax purposes resident there?    Mrs. Watson Coleman. So, basically, you're running the business out of Canonsburg. So you simply moved your address to another country so that you didn't have to pay at the tax rate in this country at the same time you present this drug, this lifesaving drug at this increased cost to families who can barely afford it. It sounds to me like this is really a sham and a shell, and it's very sad to hear this.    Do you really think that it's fair that you don't have to pay the taxes as a U.S. company?    Mrs. Watson Coleman. The one thing I get is that you all are very smart about avoiding responsibility and straightforwardness, you know, but there is a bill that could close the loophole that you have your virtual office over in the Netherlands and claim to be a resident for tax purposes, and that is the Stop Corporate Inversions Act of 2015, which was introduced in January of last year.    And I'm sorry to say that my Republican colleagues have failed to act on it, but I think that, having had a hearing of this nature, we can expect, I think, to have more attention to this matter.    And, with that, I thank you for the generosity of time, Mr. Chairman, and I yield back.