    Mr. Smith. The subcommittee will come to order, and good afternoon to everybody.    First of all, let me apologize for being late. We had a series of four votes and it has disrupted everyone's schedule, but especially yours. So, I do apologize to you for that.    Today's hearing, examining the consequences of sexual exploitation by the United Nations peacekeepers, marks the second in the series we are holding this year on the critical issue of lack of accountability at the United Nations and its subsidiary institutions. It follows our February hearing which exposed illicit technology transfers to rogue regimes, corruption at the World Intellectual Property Organization, and the harassment of whistleblowers who sought to redress these wrongs.    It also follows on the series of hearings that this subcommittee held about a decade ago when we examined allegations of sexual exploitation and abuse of minors by U.N. peacekeepers in the Democratic Republic of the Congo and the need for true reform that would end the victimizing of the vulnerable by those who are supposed to be the protectors. I would note, parenthetically, that as a result of that, we did have Jane Holl Lute, who was then working at the United Nations, who I think was equally disappointed and frustrated, despite her Herculean efforts, to get the U.N. system to recognize that the peacekeepers, to a person, have to be protectors and never predators.    Sadly, what was happening in the DRC more than 10 years ago today is repeated in places such as Central African Republic and in Haiti. At the time of our hearing on the DRC, I noted that we were there to examine credible evidence of gross sexual misconduct and exploitation of refugees and vulnerable people by U.N. peacekeepers and civilian personnel assigned to the U.N. peacekeeping mission in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.    These allegations typically involved peacekeepers' sexual conduct with Congolese women and girls, usually in exchange for food or small sums of money. According to the United Nations, these contacts occurred with sickening frequencies and may involve girls under the age of 18, with some as young as 11 to 14 years of age. Even more troubling were the allegations of rape, forced prostitution, and demands of sex for jobs by U.N. civilian personnel.    We will hear from witnesses today who will tell us how little things have changed and how a culture of turning a blind eye and covering pervades the U.N. bureaucracy, not just in the Department of Peacekeeping Operations, but in the very U.N. entities that are supposed to investigate wrongdoing and ensure accountability.    Perhaps even worse still, we will hear from a witness who will tell how in Darfur U.N. peacekeepers stood idly by while civilians were killed by Sudanese militias aligned with the government and how the U.N. sought to cover up accurate reports of what was happening. This is so horrifying that it brings to mind the atrocities that were committed in Srebrenica in 1995, when Dutch peacekeepers shut their eyes and ears to the killing of unarmed citizens, as a matter of fact, facilitated their getting on buses in order to go to their horrific deaths.    I will never forget, soon after that happened we had the chief translator who was there with Koratich and the Dutch peacekeeping commander. He lost pretty much the entirety of his family and couldn't believe the enabling that happened in that so-called U.N. safe haven, again, which cost the lives of well over 8,000 Muslims. And I have been back to Srebrenica and it is a black mark, if ever there was one, on the U.N. efforts.    What compounds the tragedy today is that peacekeeping is essential to healing a broken world. The protectors can never be the predators.    During our February hearing on WIPO I noted that a culture of corruption has beset the U.N. and other international organizations, and how the sexual exploitation of minors occurring in U.N. peacekeeping missions transformed ostensible emissaries of mercy into envoys of exploitation. I also stated my belief that by shining a light we could help victims, help end corruption, bring healing, and, hopefully, true systemic reform.    That is my hope and desire for today's hearing, which will be a further catalyst to action on the part of this subcommittee, which is why we want to experts to convey your best insights and wisdom to us, that by calling attention to what is happening will spur reform.    It is said that the Secretary-General Ban Ki Moon has finally awakened to the true extent of the corruption and is taking steps to end the culture of impunity and dysfunctionality that has characterized U.N. peacekeeping and U.N. oversight. I certainly--and I am sure it is shared by our distinguished witnesses--hope that that is true, and that it is not merely cosmetic.    The U.N. has laudable and, to be fair, very difficult goals, but we must be steadfast in holding the U.N. accountable for its action and the way the results, good and bad, of the U.N. work. American taxpayers provide more support for the U.N. peacekeepers than those of any other country and, with that, we in Congress bear a fiduciary onus not only to the taxpayers, but also to those innocents in countries who have been harmed by the actions more than a few rotten apples.    I hope that today's revelations and testimony will ensure that the spotlight continues to shine on the U.N. and that, as a result, what is broken will be fixed and people in need of healing will be given respite from their afflictions.    I would like to now introduce our distinguished witnesses.    I do believe we should be joined shortly by Ranking Member Karen Bass. When she does come, if you don't mind, our witnesses, I will turn to her for comments that she might have.    Let me begin, first, with Mr. Brett Schaefer who is Jay Kingham Fellow in International Regulatory Affairs at The Heritage Foundation's Margaret Thatcher Center for Freedom. The United Nations is one of his areas of expertise. He speaks frequently and publishes on issues related to the world body and its activities. He regularly addresses business leaders, congressional staff, and academics, has testified before Congress before, and has appeared on a variety of radio and TV programs speaking on these issues. Mr. Schaefer joined Heritage in 1995 and worked at the Pentagon as an assistant for international criminal court, a policy from March 2003 to March 2004.    Then, we would like to go to Dr. Aicha Elbasri, who was the spokeswoman for UNAMID, the United Nations-African Union Mission in Darfur between 2012 and April 2013. She is the winner of the 2015 Ridenhour Prize for Truth-Telling for blowing the whistle on the U.N. coverup of atrocities mainly committed by Sudan's Government forces, sometimes under U.N. watch. Between 2000 and 2013, she held a number of reporting, media, and communication positions within the U.N. system in New York, the Middle East, and Africa. Dr. Elbasri is a published author and has contributed articles to various newspapers and magazines in the United States, the UK, France, and the Arab Region.    We will, then, hear from Mr. Peter Gallo, formerly with the Office of Internal Oversight Services, the United Nations. Mr. Gallo joined the U.N. in March 2011, where he was an investigator in the Investigations Division of the Office of Internal Oversight Services. Prior to joining the U.N., he spent 18 years as an investigator in the private sector in Asia, where he was recognized as an authority on money laundering. Mr. Gallo was admitted to the practice of law in his home country of Scotland, Hong Kong, and in New York. He has had a number of articles published on money laundering and investigations management, spoken at numerous conferences, and taught courses in these subjects as an adjunct lecturer in Hong Kong.    We will, then, hear from Mr. Jordie Hannum who has almost 20 years of legislative, analytical, and advocacy experience, including roles on Capitol Hill, political campaigns, and within NGOs. As a senior director of the Better World Campaign, he guides its legislative and advocacy efforts around the support for United Nations. During his tenure, he has testified in front of Congress on the U.N.'s value, traveled to South Sudan, researched civilian protection, and written on the importance of U.S. engagement in peacekeeping. Previously, he worked on a senatorial campaign, a Presidential campaign, and here in the House.    So, welcome to all four of our distinguished witnesses.    Mr. Schaefer, the floor is yours.    Mr. Smith. Mr. Schaefer, thank you very much. I know you had a much longer version. Without objection, that longer version and those of our other distinguished witnesses, and any other materials you would like to introduce into the record, will be made a part of the record.    Mr. Smith. Doctor?    Mr. Smith. Dr. Elbasri, thank you very much for your testimony and for risking so much, as you have as a whistleblower yourself, and for your recommendations. So, thank you.    Mr. Gallo?    Mr. Smith. Mr. Gallo, thank you very much for your testimony and for your courage because you have suffered retaliation. And thank you for being here.    Mr. Hannum?    Mr. Smith. Thank you very much for your testimony and insights.    Let me begin with some questions, beginning, first, if I would, with Dr. Elbasri. The whistleblower protections that you have outlined, Congress, in 2014 and 2015 did pass into law. And WIPO is pretty much the one, and they don't derive their money from us in terms of percentage of our giving. It is from other sources. And that was brought out very, very clearly in our hearing just a few months ago.    Why do you think the administration has not tried, or has it applied the 15-percent withholding to some of the other agencies? And others might want to jump in on this. Because it seems to me, when you have a penalty and you fail to use it, it is the victims that are the ones who are hurt. That includes victims within the U.N. system itself who would like, as Mr. Gallo said, to speak out, but, obviously can't because there is a fear of retaliation. Is there an enforcement problem on the part of the U.S. in terms of applying that law?    Secondly, when we heard of the allegations, and they turned out to be true, of rape and horrific sexual abuse of young children in DR Congo, not only did I go there, I went to Goma, met with the peacekeepers, met with the government officials there, but I also held a series of hearings. We got ironclad promises from the United Nations. Kofi Annan issued his zero-tolerance policy, which looked fabulous on paper. By the time we got to the third hearing in the hearing series, we dubbed that hearing ``zero-tolerance, zero-compliance'' because it was just not being implemented at the tactical and the operational level.    So, I am hopeful that Ban Ki Moon is serious, but you are only as good as your chain in command. It would seem--and your recommendations, all of you, on this would be very helpful--if OIOS is not independent, as you have said, Mr. Gallo, that is a huge chink in the armor of protection.    It seems to me that there ought to be prosecutions of those who commit these terrible crimes, and naming and shaming, that lasts for a day and, then, the country moves on. There is a whole lot of naming and shaming going on at the U.N. all the time, but it doesn't have any impact.    I think disqualification might be a more apt way of countries or brigades, or whatever, certainly individuals, and the maintenance of a list of people, so others don't get on the list again and end up 5 years later being deployed to recommit their abuse.    So, if you could speak to that? How do we get the OIOS to be independent again? The enforcement of the U.S. law, how do we make that better? Again, a sanction that is not implemented is a paper promise that becomes very weak and, then, nonexistent in reality.    The cholera issue, Mr. Schaefer, thank you for bringing attention to that. Some of you might want to speak to how well peacekeepers are vetted in terms of health to ensure that communicable diseases are not brought with them to extraordinarily vulnerable populations whose immune systems are next to nil who could pick up those diseases, like what happened in Haiti.    I have other questions, but that is an opening. Yes?    Mr. Smith. Since you were so much involved with it, why the coverup of, as you pointed out, the hundreds of Sudanese soldiers, up to 150 military vehicles raided three villages, and then, you went on to describe the terrible consequences of that? Why cover that up?    Mr. Smith. Can I just ask--and all of you might want to respond to this, in addition to the original questions--are there instances of individuals, once repatriated, that were prosecuted and got significant jail time for their crimes against children and women and other vulnerable people?    Mr. Smith. Anybody else? Yes?    Mr. Smith. Thank you.    Mr. Smith. Thank you.    Ms. Bass?    Mr. Smith. Mr. Cicilline?    Mr. Smith. Thank you.    Mr. Smith. Thank you.    Just a few followup questions and final questions. And thank you again for your time, your expertise. It really is helpful.    We are thinking of drafting a bill, and would invite your maximum input as to what it might look like, to try to encourage significant whistleblower reform at the United Nations. Simultaneous with today, the Foreign Relations Committee on the Senate side, of course, is holding a hearing. We are very, very concerned about this. So, again, any particular thoughts you might have over and above what you have included in your testimonies and your responses would be greatly appreciated.    Let me just ask a few final questions. Without objection, testimony, written testimony, by Beatrice Edwards from the Government Accountability Project will be included in the record.    She points out, very rightly, that whistleblowers are both important and vulnerable agents of accountability. And on the sexual exploitation and abuse in the missions, she points out that allegations are underreported for many reasons, cites some of those reasons. She says the official data grossly underestimates the problem and, at worst, they actively misrepresent the entire issue, which is a very, very significant indictment of the validity of what is happening on the ground.    And then, she points out that cronyism and nepotism is especially pronounced in its oversight offices. These personnel constitute networks through which managers protect each other and themselves from accountability. Relatives and friends occupy high-level positions where they also avail themselves of the exemptions joined by U.N. officials from external scrutiny. Your thoughts on that?    Secondly, I do believe sanctions should be prudently and judiciously applied in our civil rights law certainly and any other time we mean business. I am the prime author of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act, which was opposed, most of it, by the Clinton administration, although Bill Clinton signed it at the end. But I held the hearings and we heard from Secretary Koh, Harold Koh, who didn't even want the TIP Report. He just wanted the human rights reports to have enhanced reporting on trafficking, no TIP office, and no sanctions.    My belief is--and, thankfully, it was a bipartisan belief--was that you have got to have a penalty phase, particularly in human rights law, or else everybody will be onboard, but implementation will be less than stellar, if not outright disappointing. Thankfully, we do have a broad consensus now as to why the Trafficking Victims Protection Act should be fully embraced, including its sanctions regime.    But, again, I think--and I take your point--withholding should be used. You would disagree with this, but I think it did get us to the OIOS, I believe.    I remember when Dick Thornburgh testified in the 1980s, the former Attorney General. I was at those hearings. And he could not have been clearer of the need for inspector generals that are robust and independent, which still we are striving in some way to achieve, which has not happened.    So, you might want to speak to this statement, again, by Beatrice Edwards.    Dr. Elbasri, your third point, what would an independent judicial body look like? Maybe any or all of you might want to touch on that as well, because I think that should be a policy goal for these whistleblowers, and just to bring accountability to the U.N.    Your fourth point about the U.N. DPKO being run by French leaders and the need for reform there, if you could elaborate on that as well? Obviously, Kofi Annan had that job once, and we have Rwanda. As a matter of fact, I even chaired hearings when we had the famous fax and Lieutenant-General Dallaire as well, who talked about what could have been, had they only been responsive to what was set before them in terms of an impending genocide in Rwanda.    But why that would make a difference? I think you are suggesting in your testimony it ought to be us; it should be the United States perhaps to take that. If you could elaborate on that?    And then, on military training, in 2003 and 2005, I did the reauthorizations of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act. We put in provisions to provide minimum standards for peacekeeper, how is a country doing or not doing relevant to its military? Are they adhering to a code of conduct that does not become predatory or facilitating trafficking?    We also had language in there dealing with peacekeeping and what is happening in all of the potential peacekeeping deploying bodies, from NATO to the U.N., to African Union, to others.    I was in Brazil after our law went into effect. I met with a number of Brazilian leaders on TIP in Brasilia. I kept saying to them, ``What are you teaching your troops before they are deployed?'' So, I finally got the packet, and it was an hour-long ``this is what trafficking is.'' And it was informative; it was interesting. But it didn't have the sense of these are what the victims look like; this is what happens.    And I would say, parenthetically, George Bush did an Executive order. And it actually came about because of a Fox News reporter who literally walked into my office and said, ``Take a look at this tape.'' And he had pictures of American service personnel in Seoul, South Korea, outside of the so-called ``juicy bars'' with protection forces outside and inside were indigenous South Koreans, women from the Philippines, and even Russia, who told him on camera, ``We can't leave here. They have taken our passports,'' if they were foreigners, ``and we are slaves.''    Thankfully, Joseph Schmitz, the IG for the Department of Defense, at our request, did a global assessment focused first on Kosovo and South Korea and came back with a scathing indictment of our own military. And then, Bush did a zero-tolerance and changed the Uniform Code of Military Justice.    Now I say all that because our military gets it. Whether or not they always implement it, I think it is a good record. But anything can stand improvement.    But we need to share those best practices much more robustly than we do. I think the TIP office is made up of an extraordinarily dedicated group of Foreign Service Officers and leaders who can share that expertise with countries.    And I am not sure, because I have asked--maybe you have better insights--does the U.N., does our U.S. Mission in New York really utilize TIP for training, especially of these peacekeepers, before, maybe even during, and then, after action with deployment?    Mr. Smith. Thank you.    Mr. Smith. Go ahead.    Mr. Smith. Is confidentiality assured or is it compromised in cases, if somebody does make a complaint? How sure are they that it is not being shared by email or any other way with other people in the building?    Mr. Smith. Is that because the mandate is not robust enough?    Mr. Smith. When you talked about reporting to member states as opposed to the 38th floor, in our WIPO hearing it was made abundantly clear that the WIPO General Assembly Chairman, Ambassador Duque of Colombia, has a report. The United States, our Mission, as well as that of Switzerland have asked that it be released, and we are still waiting.    It gets into the area of the theater of the absurd because it only brings, I think, dishonor on those who cover these things up, as well as it hurts real victims, whistleblowers who are trying to do the right thing for the right reasons.    So, how do we get the U.N. to change that kind of modus operandi? Why hasn't Ambassador Duque released that report? I mean, does it implicate people, do you think? That would be speculation.    But it is a systemic problem, and how do you compel? Getting back again to the idea of withholding, there were a number of bipartisan initiatives that led to a huge so-called arrearage back in the 1990s that we allegedly owed. And one of those was for UNPROFOR, which had a miserable, miserable--let me say it again--a miserable record, a very bad mandate. It led to Srebrenica and other safe haven debacles. And yet, contributing countries were demanding that we get that money, including the UK, to them for the UNPROFOR deployment. And yet, we withheld it, I think out of very valid reasons.    Yes, Mr. Schaefer?    Mr. Smith. How do they overcome, if you don't mind me interrupting, the U.N.'s assertion that we have no right to any of those documents, which they will assert?    Mr. Smith. I know they do it with the GAO, right.    Mr. Smith. Again, getting back to the WIPO, one of the speculative conclusions that we drew as to why this report has not been, it is to protect the Director General of the WIPO. Well, if that is not the case, just release it.    But let me just get my final question, and you have been very gracious with your time, and I am very grateful for that. What happens to the victims? You, Mr. Gallo, mentioned that a number of the sexual exploitation and abuse cases are kept low, but they filter through the local conduct and discipline teams, which obviously if that is happening, that hurts the victims.    When I was in the DR Congo, I kept saying, ``What happened to those little girls? Where are they? Are they getting any kind of assistance, help, compassion, empathy? Or are they just left to fend for themselves somewhere?'' Do you know? Does anybody know what is happening?    Mr. Smith. Yes. Thank you.    Mr. Smith. Again, thank you so much for yours very, very wise counsel and insights, and insightful commentary. Your thoughts on what a bill, if we can craft such a thing, would look like would be very much welcomed. And thank you again for your extraordinary service. The hearing is adjourned.