    Mr. Bishop. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. Shotwell, if I could ask you a couple questions. First of all, thank you for being here and the expertise that you bring.    The chairman did, as is customary, invite Mr. Musk, who is head of the company, to be here. So the questions I actually have are for him. But since he decided not to be here and manage his schedule to be with us, let me ask you the questions, since you are representing him.    I was reading in Space News an article in January that was entitled ``Musk Questions Integrity of the U.S. Air Force Certification Process.'' The quote he gave in the article was, ``The people fighting it''--meaning the Falcon 9 certification--``are really in the bureaucracy of the Pentagon and the procurement officers, who then go and work at Boeing and Lockheed Martin, the prime contractors, which has actually happened. It is easy to understand from a game theory standpoint, especially when you are asking them to award a contract to a company where they are probably not going to get a job against a company where their friends are. So they have got to go against their friends and their future retirement program. This is a difficult thing to expect.''    Now, I don't necessarily presuppose that these are your opinions, anyway, as well, but the head of SpaceX, which is your company, appears to believe that some of the people who are in service in the Air Force and Department of Defense, many career employees, may be holding back on certification because they have friends somewhere else and they want to work there later.    So I please ask you if you could explain this statement to me. Because while Mr. Musk may find it easy to understand, I frankly find it very troubling.    Mr. Bishop. So what you are telling me is that you no longer believe that people who may have slowed the certification process are doing it simply because they are looking out for their own retirement and because they are going against friends, that no longer reflects the attitude of the company or Mr. Musk?    Mr. Bishop. That is a rather damning kind of concern to put in public, isn't it?    Let me also ask another thing. Because I appreciate your insistence on competition, but I understand NASA is ready to award SpaceX three additional cargo delivery missions to the International Space Station.    I am assuming you support NASA's decision in this regard.    Mr. Bishop. But those are sole-source awards without competition.    So do you think it is okay for NASA to award those three missions as a sole source without having open competition?    Mr. Bishop. For these new three cargo missions to which I am referring.    Mr. Bishop. And you don't see a distinction between those approaches, then?    Mr. Bishop. You have also said a couple of times here as well that Falcon 9 is an all-American launch vehicle and the overwhelming material used is aluminum.    From what company do you get that aluminum?    Mr. Bishop. Is that an American company?    Mr. Bishop. So you have also said--or at least one of your senior engineers has said that most of the avionics is designed and manufactured and tested in America.    Does that mean you have some avionics that are foreign-made as well?    Mr. Bishop. There is a statute in California that would not allow that to be advertised as all-American. You know?    Mr. Bishop. Yield back.