    Mr. Ehrlich. Thank you, sir.    Mr. Chairman, Ranking Member, and members of the subcommittee, thank you. Thank you for the opportunity to appear here today representing the U.S. Chemical Safety Board and the USB. We welcome your visitation to the agency with your colleagues so you have a better understanding of what we do and how we do it.    Since the CSB is recently without a chairperson, the agency for now is being run with three presidentially appointed board members, of whom I am one. Although we are working together, my views today are my own.    I came to the CSB with training and experience in human resource issues. I spent over 50 years in the chemical industry in a variety of positions, much of my career spent with BASF Corporation, the largest chemical company in the world. At BASF, I worked as a chemical plant manager and in many other roles.    I completed graduate studies in chemical engineering, and I have master's degrees from Columbia in counseling psychology for business and industry. I understand the issues related to some of these human behavior topics.    In the 5 months that I have served on the U.S. Chemical Safety Board, what has impressed me most is the dedication and professionalism of the staff. I have been to industrial chemical accident sites with investigation teams and have seen firsthand how diligently they perform potentially hazardous work, put in long hours, and spend months away from home. They have a steadfast commitment to making industrial chemical facilities safer places for workers, companies, and communities. I am privileged to work alongside them and the rest of the staff.    The Federal Viewpoint Survey does show CSB staff morale is low in some areas. The board is taking steps to improve morale, and I also believe there are critical steps that Congress can take to help. But the survey does not tell the whole story.    Since I became a board member, I have personally met with virtually every staff member face to face. I have listened to their concerns, sought their input on what we, as presidentially appointed board members, can do to show our appreciation for them. I have found commitment to the CSB mission and workplace to be very strong and morale in many areas is high.    The staff derives a great deal of job satisfaction in finalizing reports, presenting them to communities in public meetings and news conferences, and seeing their safety recommendations implemented. They tell me they get considerable job satisfaction in saving lives. That is the CSB mission, and we take it personally.    To address morale issues, the CSB has an active workplace improvement committee, members of which were suggested by the staff itself, which has been meeting regularly to suggest specific improvements. They have spoken to all staff members.    Since last summer, the committee has created action items on improving employee on-boarding, creating a database of CSB best practices, and clarifying employment policies, as they are now working to implement these action items.    I emphasize again that the core work is being accomplished. The CSB has been highly productive, particularly the past year, since the OPM survey was last conducted. The number of cases is now down to 7 from 22, the case backlog 5 years ago. We closed 2 more cases in a recently public meeting, and a total of 8 reports over a 9-month period. Despite the agency's challenges, we are in a period of very high productivity.    I will draw to a close by suggesting that morale could be improved even more if two things could happen. First, we need a chairperson confirmed. We need the ability to hire more investigators. Right now we have only 20 to cover the entire country, based on our current budget.    As a result, we frequently must pull investigators off of one investigation and put them in new ones on an ad hoc basis. This has caused more than a few morale problems. And investigation delays over the years has led to criticism. We do not let the quality of investigations falter. So additional resources are needed to perform the CSB's mission.    In summary, I would like to reiterate the following:Good work is being done at the CSB. We are productive. All of us whom the President appointed to the board are committed to working collegially to further improve morale. We look forward to working with you and other congressional committees to continue to serve the public. Thank you.    Mr. Ehrlich. I'm sorry. But I don't know, sir.    Mr. Ehrlich. Yes, sir.    Mr. Ehrlich. Yes, sir. I have seen the numbers, and I understand that. I've been there 5 months. I can tell you it's getting better and we're going to continue to make it better. I think we understand why some of those issues occurred, and I think we're doing something to turn them around. Our work product has not faltered during this period.    Mr. Ehrlich. Well, for one thing, many years ago, a guy by the name of Tom Peters wrote a book that was called Management by Walking Around. Okay? I have not seen that until recently. Okay?    We have people we're dealing with. They are not robots. They're not automatons. They're human beings who want to know that they're valued. And just going out and asking them, ``How are you doing? How's your family?''--you are out on an incident where four people got killed. We have got two teams deployed right now, one in Texas where four people died at La Porte, Texas, and a massive explosion in California. Those people need to know that we care about them.    And once you start to let people know that you care about them and you are willing to invest your time and your effort, which is really what we all get paid for, and be part of the solution instead of part of the problem, morale gets better.    Mr. Ehrlich. Well, there's some issues with that Vantage study in terms of how it was handled and how it was managed, and as well I'm sure you know. Because of our concerns about that, the whole process has been turned over to the IG for examination and we're awaiting the outcome of that examination now.    I think that the data was clearly taken. I don't have a whole lot of confidence in it right now. I have not reviewed it in absolute detail because I want to go down and talk to the people myself and I want to find out what's really on their minds.    And I think that's much better derived by face-to-face intervention and interaction than by having somebody fill out a piece of paper and talk to somebody else.    Mr. Ehrlich. No. It really didn't surprise me because, in talking to the staff members, they want something from their board members. They want to know ``We're part of the team.'' They want to know we're there to support them, not to achieve our own agendas and objectives, whatever they may be.    One of my pet peeves about being a board member is I don't have a job description. Well, we're working on a job description. I want to know what people hold me accountable for. I hold myself accountable for very high standards. And I think and I believe sincerely that, once that message gets out to the staff, that you're going to see a dramatic change.    Mr. Ehrlich. That's correct.    Mr. Ehrlich. That's correct.    Mr. Ehrlich. Well, no, I didn't say that at all, Mr. Chairman. Those things takes time to fix----    Mr. Ehrlich. That's correct.    Mr. Ehrlich. Understand that.    Mr. Ehrlich. 40.    Mr. Ehrlich. Yep.    Mr. Ehrlich. Sir, I'm not sure I accept that terminology.    Mr. Ehrlich. There were mitigating circumstances to how that information was handled. Dr. Horowitz is a very valuable asset to the agency.    Mr. Ehrlich. Well, first of all, he is not in a policy making decision, and general counsel advised that the person that represents the agency should be in a policy making decision or a pass. There--there--first of all----    Mr. Ehrlich. Not in my opinion. No, sir----    Mr. Ehrlich. I would. And----    Mr. Ehrlich. We have a work improvement committee in place where we've detailed six major topics that we're working on. We're going to put metrics in place relative to them. They're not--totally unlike what other witnesses here have talked about in terms of onboarding and statistics and the like, those things take time. And they are getting better. All right.    Mr. Ehrlich. The fact that we're continually finishing reports. The fact that we've got our backlog down.    Mr. Ehrlich. I'm sorry, sir, but I believe when people take pride in turning out reports and turning out videos as they do----    Mr. Ehrlich. Yes.    Mr. Ehrlich. I just told you what they were, sir.    Mr. Ehrlich. Okay.    Mr. Ehrlich. I believe that when you go out and you ask people questions about how they feel about their workplace, how they feel about senior management, what is it they want, that, to me, can be resolved and reduced to writing and put into some kind of metrics.    Mr. Ehrlich. Our mission is to--our mission is to respond to major chemical incidents and supply that information to the American public to make the chemical industry a safer place to work.    Mr. Ehrlich. It's a little more involved than that, but I think everybody works towards that mission, yes.    Mr. Ehrlich. Yes, sir.    Mr. Ehrlich. Yes, sir.    Mr. Ehrlich. I don't think it was changed before the last meeting, sir. It was my understanding that he was given that title relative to a functional responsibility and that specific project. And his title of managing director hasn't changed since 2010.    Mr. Ehrlich. I believe one is a functional title and the other one is the organizational title.    Mr. Ehrlich. I'm not sure how much longer he's going to carry the title relative to Deepwater because that project is nearing close.    Mr. Ehrlich. Well, he was a temporary SES as I understand it. And when the chair stepped down, he went back to a GS-15.    Mr. Ehrlich. I think that was his wishes.    Mr. Ehrlich. I didn't say that, sir.    Mr. Ehrlich. Well, I with think with the SES issue it's a very special issue and----    Mr. Ehrlich. I think what happened was when--and I don't know all the government issues related to SESs, but I think when the chair stepped down, I don't believe that applied to him anymore.    Mr. Ehrlich. Dr. Horowitz is the managing director.    Mr. Ehrlich. To the best of my knowledge. Yes, sir.    Mr. Ehrlich. I think he does have an understanding.    Mr. Ehrlich. We've talked about the issues, I think I can express the issues, and as I indicated, I am in a policy making position.    Mr. Ehrlich. Well, we've looked at this work improvement thing, and we've got six particular items that we're putting policies and procedures in place for.    Mr. Ehrlich. And we're going to develop metrics against them to satisfy your initial request of an hour ago.    Mr. Ehrlich. Well, I've been working on it with the committee, and they've been working on it for about a year now as I understand it.    Mr. Ehrlich. One of our----    Mr. Ehrlich. Kara, you head that up. Don't you? Kara heads that up. She's one of our----    Mr. Ehrlich. I think you'll have to take that up with her.    Mr. Ehrlich. It is fine with me.    Mr. Ehrlich. Well, I think that attitude has to be changed, and it is changing. We've obviously lost a chair. That takes its share of trauma on the organization. We made it known that we're going to change issues, and those--those attitudes have to be changed, and they will change over time, but they're not going to change overnight.    Mr. Ehrlich. It's not a matter of putting one more person in place. It's a matter of changing the culture.    Mr. Ehrlich. Well, first of all, we recognize and let our folks know that we appreciate, we value, and we understand the risks to which they put themselves every time they go out on an incident. We care about them. We care about their families. We care about their family values. That is very important.    Mr. Ehrlich. I can't speak to prior years. I've been there basically since the first week of January, but I know that--and I expressed this to the chairman. I have sat down with every employee of the agency, both in Washington and in Colorado, and talked about issues, and tell them what's important to me and tell them the directions we're going in. All right? And it's going to take time to change some of those attitudes around. But I truly believe we're going to change them.    The chairman asked for measurable metrics down the road. We're going to get them for him.    Mr. Ehrlich. And I assure you that you're going to see a change in the way people feel about the job.    Mr. Ehrlich. We have a list of issues that are being worked on from which we can derive a dashboard and metrics.    Mr. Ehrlich. I have no argument with that, ma'am.    Mr. Ehrlich. Well, general counsel felt that there should be a pass from the organization, and I volunteered to be here, sir.    Mr. Ehrlich. I let them know that I was doing it, and they were welcome to come. Yes, sir.    Mr. Ehrlich. No. I volunteered. They chose not to come.    Mr. Ehrlich. I can't speak to their----    Mr. Ehrlich. They were given the opportunity to come.    Mr. Ehrlich. They're not here, sir.    Mr. Ehrlich. Yes, sir.    Mr. Ehrlich. And I'm here.