    Mr. Williams. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I thank you all--    Mr. Williams. --for being here today. I think for me, as someone who comes from a small business background, this issue is clear. I think I can give you a little unique perspective on this topic.    As retailers, your ability to sell a product is everything, as you know. Once you lose that ability, you damage your reputation, and you limit your ability to be truly successful.    In my instance, I just happen to be a small business owner; I am a car dealer. My customers trust that whatever information they share with me is protected. The Federal Government doesn't need to tell me that. But whether it is my industry or something else, gaining and keeping customers' trust is vital. Without that trust, you might as well not be in business.    Now because the debate is really about making sure the customer is protected first and foremost and giving them the best service possible, I think is what we have talked about today.    So let me bring this up. In 2014, the auto industry and the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration came together to create a sharing advisory center, known as Auto ISAC, to share cyber threats among 34 auto manufacturers. The idea is for automakers to share information about attempted security breaches so they can be neutralized quickly. Also, the Society of Automotive Engineers established the Electrical Systems Security Committee, which is created to review challenges, and capture solutions standards to prevent cyber attacks in current future vehicles.    As a car dealer myself, the coordination of my industry and the Federal Government is encouraging because again reputation is everything. I believe they have seen what has happened in the retail and financial sectors and try to be proactive. With mobile devices like Wi-Fi and other technologies almost commonplace in vehicles, the bar needs to be high.    So can any of you on the panel comment on what the auto industry has done and how this might be a helpful model for other financial industries when coordinating information-sharing with the Federal Government? Any of you?    Mr. Williams. Thank you very much.    Mr. Bentsen, you said in your testimony that Congress needs to remain proactive and vigilant on the topic of cybersecurity and that passing legislation is needed for the financial industry. Does the Federal Government need to mandate policies on sharing cyber threats again, as we can see the auto leaders and the Federal Government are already working together without Congress telling them to do so?    Mr. Williams. Mr. Chairman, I yield back.