    Mr. Costa. Thank you very much, Chairman Rouzer, and Members of the Subcommittee, and our Chairman who is here with us this morning. We do have a group of distinguished individuals on our panel, and I am pleased that they are going to be able to give an opportunity to let us get a better sense of the challenges we face when the World Trade Organization will rule on the appeal that has been made.    I think many of us who have been around for a while are familiar with the Mandatory Country-of-Origin Labeling rules, whether you refer to it as MCOOL or COOL, it is all the same. The fact is is that the debate has been going on for decades as to whether Country-of-Origin Labeling is an experiment that can or cannot work. Having worked with various elements of both the pork and the beef and the poultry, and other industries that have been impacted, the challenges facing Mandatory Country-of-Origin Labeling it was destined not to work for a number of factors. And while the supporters have argued the opposite, we have to look at the facts. I think we have seen increase in production costs, we have seen impacts to cost to consumers that are factoring in meat purchasing.    What I would like to hear today from our witnesses is how we move beyond the eventual ruling that we believe will be forthcoming. One thing is for certain, the World Trade Organization, the WTO, is set to release its decision on the United States' appeal in conjunction with the ruling, and the countries of Canada and Mexico are posed to react. To that end, we need to talk about the potential reaction, and as the Chairman indicated here of the Subcommittee, the fact that Secretary Vilsack has indicated that no Administrative action, if we have an adverse ruling, as many of us expect that we will have, is going to resolve the issue. And, therefore, we will have to move with legislation.    It is incumbent upon this Subcommittee and the full Committee then to take action. The challenges to our trading partners are significant. And for those of us who believe that trade is critical for our country's economic well-being, and especially for our agricultural economy throughout the 50 states, we can look at some harsh retaliation efforts that will take place if, in fact, what many of us conclude will occur in the next several months. As a matter of fact, and I suspect some of the witnesses will testify to this point, the Canadian Government has already published a list of commodities that will be subject to retaliatory measures. Estimates say that the impact could well be over $1 billion in California alone. We annually export a great deal. In California, our agricultural exports last year totaled over $18.5 billion, so this is significant.    I remember very clearly, only a few years ago, when we had a similar issue on trade with the Mexican Government on the trucking dispute, devastating effects, as we saw the Mexican Government take action on a host of issues involving agricultural products that we import--or export, excuse me, to Mexico. It was estimated that those retaliatory tariffs cost U.S. agriculture over $2.6 billion. Of course, it was Mexico's right to take that action. And it also impacted jobs, and when we have a recovering economy, jobs are critical. No one wants that, I don't believe. No one wants to see any retaliatory efforts made by Canada or Mexico. And I know that--or I sense, in talking with officials of those two governments, that they don't want to impose these proposed retaliation tariffs.    So I am pleased that this hearing is taking place this morning. It gives us an opportunity to establish a record as to the potential impacts. And I would also like the witnesses to suggest how you think we might want to go about with legislation in the event that action takes place, as many of us believe that it will. However, it is important that once this process is complete, that the Congress resolve this issue.    In closing, Mr. Chairman, I have heard from the livestock industry, the pork producers, as well as people from the wine and tree and other manufacturing processing industries throughout California who are very concerned about the potential retaliatory effects that could be taken by Canada and Mexico. It is time we get to work.    And again, thank you, Mr. Chairman, for calling this hearing of the Subcommittee. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, of the full Committee, because you and I talked about this issue over the last several years, and I know it concerns you as well. So I look forward to listening to the testimony.    The Chairman. Thank you, Mr. Costa.    I would now like to recognize the Chairman of the full Committee, Chairman Conaway.    Mr. Costa. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman, for that privilege.    It is indeed my honor to introduce Mr. Smith of Harris Farms. I have worked with Harris Farms Company for decades. They have developed a reputation not only in California but across the country as one of the premiere producers of beef, from the grazing, to the feedlot, to the processing, and to the value-added. They export a great deal of beef products, and have pioneered opening new markets in Asia and elsewhere, and it is indeed our honor to have Mr. Smith, representing Harris Farms, here this morning. Thank you, Mr. Smith.    Mr. Costa. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Smith, you did accounting of the costs that your own company incurred in trying to comply with it. What was the timeline in trying to put that together to ensure that you were in compliance?    Mr. Costa. Yes.    Mr. Costa. And you run two shifts there at your operation.    Mr. Costa. But I noted that you export to Asia. Are you currently exporting any product to Mexico?    Mr. Costa. Or Canada?    Mr. Costa. So you are concerned about retaliatory effects would possibly occur immediately then.    Mr. Costa. Yes. I assume you consider this a non-tariff barrier if enacted?    Mr. Costa. Mr. LaFaille, you consider it the same?    Mr. Costa. When we talk about the impact to the wine industry, that has tried very hard to penetrate foreign markets, with some success, what potential fallout do you see in the event that Congress doesn't act if we get the adverse ruling we are expecting by the end of this year?    Mr. Costa. All right. Have we gotten any clarification with the U.S. Office of Trade Representative as to whether or not this is a 4 to 6 month process, instead of the 60 days that some are anticipating?    Mr. Costa. Anyone else care to opine?    Mr. Costa. Okay.    All right, my time has expired, Mr. Chairman. Thank you. I will wait until the next round, if there is one.    The Chairman. Thank you, Mr. Costa.    I now recognize Mr. Emmer.    Mr. Costa. Thank you again, Mr. Chairman.    Both Mr. Smith and Mr. Weber, I believe, testified earlier that in the event of the adverse ruling that we have discussed, and retaliatory action is taken by Canada and Mexico, that the solution to this issue would be to repeal the law. With the exception of Mr. Johnson, do the other witnesses concur with Mr. Smith and Mr. Weber? You can nod your head.    Voice. Absolutely, sir.    Mr. Costa. Yes. There has been some discussion as an alternative, and I would like to get your reaction to it, if those course of events take place that we develop a North American label. And I would like to get your reaction to a North American label, and maybe we can begin with Mr. Johnson since I am certain you don't favor repealing it.    Mr. Costa. No, I understand that----    Mr. Costa. Okay.    Mr. Johnson.--it is very important that you look at the actual decision, because we believe that there can be a very narrow fix that can be applied. Every WTO decision that has been made, there have now been three of them, has been narrower than the one before it.    Mr. Costa. Okay.    Mr. Costa. Mr. Smith, would you care--Mr. Weber, or any other of the witnesses, to react to a North American label?    Mr. Costa. Mr. Wenk?    Ms. Dempsey.--and so we need to see the----    Mr. Costa. Yes.    Ms. Dempsey.--repeal of this rule, and then if there is work that needs to be done with Canada and Mexico to figure out another solution, then so be it.    Mr. Costa. Yes.    Mr. Costa. Mr. Smith, Mr. Wenk, do you care to comment?    Mr. Costa. All right. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I yield back the balance of my time.    The Chairman. I see we are now 10 minutes after 10:00, so we have about 10 minutes here.    Mr. Newhouse, have any follow-up?