    Mr. EISENBREY. Hi. Thank you for inviting me to testify. My name is Ross Eisenbrey. I am the vice president of the Economic Policy Institute, a nonprofit, nonpartisan think tank created in 1986 to include the needs of low and middle income workers in economic policy discussions. EPI believes every working person deserves a good job with fair pay, affordable healthcare, retirement security, and work-life balance, and we are a small business, too. Just a tiny bit bigger maybe than Terry Shea's business.    Work-life balance is precisely what the Fair Labor Standards Act is about. Because of its requirement to pay most employees a premium for time worked beyond 40 in a week, the FLSA is the single most important family friendly law ever passed in the United States. Everyone claims to care about work life or work-family balance, but for many employers it is talk, just as it was 70 years ago. If not for the law's overtime rules, tens of millions more workers would be working 50, 60, or 70 hours a week for no additional pay, just as millions of Americans did before the FLSA was enacted in 1938.    An uninformed person might think the 40-hour work week is part of the natural order, but of course, it is not. It exists in the U.S. because President Roosevelt persuaded Congress to pass the FLSA, which by imposing a duty to pay time and a half for overtime makes it expensive for a business to work employees more than 40 hours a week. If the FLSA's regulations are not updated from time to time as the law intends, the 40-hour work week could become a thing of the past. I tis critical to remember there is no inherent difference between an hourly worker and a salaried worker. How they are paid us up to their boss. And salaried employees need time with their families and time for themselves just as much as hourly workers do. Congress recognized this in 1938 and made no distinction. Hourly workers and salaried workers alike were entitled to overtime pay, whether they were blue collar or white collar, whether they worked in a factory or an office. In fact, some of the most exploited workers at the time were women working 12-hour days, six days a week, in giant typing pools for $6 or $7 a week.    It is equally critical to remember that the employees who work in small businesses are no different from those who work in medium-size and large businesses. They, too, need time with their families and for themselves. There is no rule that says small businesses get to exploit their employees, work them excessive hours, or deny them time with their families. For all of these reasons, the Department of Labor should enact its proposed rule that would in 2016 raise the threshold below which all workers are automatically eligible for overtime to $50,440. This would be the most important improvement in the labor standards of America's working families in many years.    Now, the law is supposed to protect salaried workers, but in fact, large percentages of managers and other white collar employees say that increasingly the law is failing to protect them. And I quote this Ernest and Young Survey which shows that too little pay and excessive overtime are among the three most common reasons employees quit; that half of managers work more than 40 hours a week. Four in 10 say their hours have increased over the past five years, and that younger generations are seeing this more than the boomers did. Gen X and Millennials in particular.    The implications of this overwork are obvious in terms of work-life conflict. Who will take care of the kids? Who will go to their ballgames, school plays, or counseling meetings? The conflict is especially intense because children increasingly have two parents working at least 35 hours per week. Ernst and Young finds that over half of full-time employees in the U.S. indicate that their spouse or partner works 35 hours or more a week, but for Millennials or Gen Xers, the rates are even higher.    It is not just work-family conflict, stress, or lack of sleep that is at stake. It is also the physical health of workers. Overwork actually kills. People who work 55 hours or more per week have a 33 percent greater risk or stroke and a 13 percent greater risk of coronary heart disease than those working standard hours.    Now, you would think from the comments that you have heard that this rule is breaking some sort of new ground in setting a single standard for the whole nation. That has been the case since 1938. Every time the Department has set the overtime salary threshold it has set it a single level for the whole nation. That is not new. What is new is that the levels have fallen to the point that whereas as Ms. Adams said, at one point 65 percent of salaried workers were protected. It is now less than 10 percent in this year. And from more than 12 million being guaranteed overtime, salaried workers being guaranteed overtime in 1979, we are down to three and a half million today. So what the Department is doing is absolutely essential to restore what Congress intended as the law to protect workers from excessive work.    Thank you very much.    Mr. EISENBREY. Actually, if that is true, I really cannot explain it. I think it does not make any difference in terms of what we are going to see as the rule. They are saying they will set it at the 90 percent level, and they will determine that next year when the rule becomes final, they will announce what that is. And for the highly compensated and for the regular standard threshold, it will be set at 40 percent and that will be determined next year. They are guessing, you know, what that level will be right now, but they will actually set it based on the data that they have in 2016. So at this point they are speculating for both of them what the value will be in 2016.    Mr. EISENBREY. Yes. I can say that I have read many of the comments that were submitted to the Department of Labor, and I have personally talked to people working in retail who worked 70 hours a week for no additional compensation. They were told when they were hired that they would work 44 hours a week, and they were given so little staff that they ended up doing the work that the staff would have done, the hourly staff would have done. I know several cases where people worked themselves to the point that they were broken down physically. And they were not actually small businesses; those were larger employers--CVS and Dollar Store. But people are overworked in the United States.    And I would like to correct one very important thing here which is there is no requirement in this rule that anybody be changed from salary to hourly when this threshold changes. That is a complete misunderstanding of the rule. In fact, the Home Builders did a survey and it is testified to today where they asked, ``What will you do? What will you as a construction employer do?'` And only a third of them said that they would make any change at all; two-thirds said they would make no change. And most of them said they would not change their employees from salaried even though they would have to pay them time and a half.    Mr. EISENBREY. So I am sorry to say the memo is wrong. The way the Department used to set this back in the '50s is they would look at all of the enforcement cases that they had done and where they had found somebody to be an exempt executive, for example, then they would take the 10 percentile salary of people who they had already in their enforcement determined to be executives. It is a very different methodology you are talking about and----    Mr. EISENBREY. Yes.    Mr. EISENBREY. Yes. And the percentage of----    Mr. EISENBREY. But you are misunderstanding. The percentage of salaried workers covered was over 50 percent then.    Mr. EISENBREY. Well, I do not think that the Department should. I think that this has been--remember what this law is intended to do. The Fair Labor Standards Act was meant to give everybody the right to work a 40-hour work week and to discourage employers from working people any longer than that. So the question is--and there is a very narrow exemption for executives, professionals, and administrators--the question is, who are those people? Who is this small subset of people? The way it has always been done since 1938 is to look at their salaries and to say if you make less than a certain amount, you are not valued so much by your employer, or you are not so independent and important that you should be denied overtime pay.    Now, when you look at what it costs in Bloomington or Auburn or Boise for a basic family budget, just a modest family budget, it is far greater than we are talking about with the $50,000 salary level. I mean, it is $72,000 a year in Bloomington; $62,000 in Auburn. To say that somebody making $50,000 is an executive who should not get this overtime protection when they cannot afford a basic budget I think is just wrong.    Mr. EISENBREY. Automatically qualify.    Mr. EISENBREY. Well, you look at the history. What happened for 29 years was because of bureaucratic hostility or neglect, the Department did not adjust the rule. Nothing happened, and the value, the protection fell to the point, as I said, from 12 million people being protected to three and a half million. If it is not set automatically, we will go through the same thing again.    Mr. EISENBREY. Yes. I think Ms. Shea gave the impression that because the threshold was doubling, she would have to double the cost of the candles she is selling. In fact, she said that she has managers who are paid in the mid-40s. If she wanted not to have to pay overtime to them and she gave them a raise to get them to the $50,000 level, that would be less than a 20 percent increase, not a 100 percent increase, and that would just be that one part of her cost. So it is just not true that this would have those kinds of effects.    I think it is really important to look at--Mr. Settles complained about regulation, you know, and its impact on business, and in his testimony, I think he said he would not move to California because of the excessive regulation, the high overtime threshold, for example, and in the restaurant business they have the tip credit. California's employment growth is the fourth greatest in the nation. It is higher than the national average. They have added more jobs and wages are going up faster in California than in the rest of the nation. So the notion that regulation is somehow squashing employment growth is just wrong.    Mr. EISENBREY. The Retail Federation itself, the National Retail Federation--Ms. Shea is representing them today--said that in their sector alone, over 100,000 jobs would be added as a result of this rule.    Mr. EISENBREY. It is a job-creating rule. I mean, they put that into the record.    Mr. EISENBREY. I think it is very interesting to see what the home builders said in their comment that they submitted. They said that two-thirds of their businesses would make no change at all; a third would make a change. Of those that did, they would reduce overtime hours for some. Twenty-seven percent said they would raise salaries to put people over the threshold. And----    Mr. EISENBREY. Exactly. Exactly.    Mr. EISENBREY. Yes.    Mr. EISENBREY. One that I have been at since 2002, the Economic Policy Institute. It is a small business.    Mr. EISENBREY. Well, I am not sure which process you are talking about. What was wrong with the 2004 rule?    Mr. EISENBREY. Well, it set the salary threshold far below the level that it had been set, for example, in the Nixon and Ford administrations. It covered very few people. It said essentially that an executive was somebody whose salary was no better than the poverty level, which is crazy. It was a crazy rule, and I was opposed to it at the time, and I am very happy to see the Obama administration saying, no, an executive salary is a salary that is--it is not even the average salary in the United States, the $50,000 salary that they are proposing. But it is at least something that could support a family.    Mr. EISENBREY. Well, that is a hard thing to say. Other people here, Mr. Brady said that he liked the 1958 methodology that the Department of Labor used. If you used an inflation adjustment from that, the salary level would be about $65,000 to $70,000 a year. So I am not saying that that is ideal, but that would be certainly, you know, using--not even taking into account the fact that we are more productive than we were in 1958 as a nation. We are wealthier. Incomes are greater. Just a pure inflation adjustment from the 1958 level would give you a level of around $65,000 a year. So this is a very modest--my point is what the Department of Labor has chosen is a modest level that takes into account the south. It takes into account rural areas. It set the level at a level where you could say at least with a straight face that a true executive, a bona fide executive is making at least this much.