    Mr. Gibbs. Good morning. The Subcommittee on Water Resources and Environment will come to order.    We welcome our panels. We have two panels today, but we will first have some opening remarks.    The hearing today is about the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative. It's a review of progress and challenges in restoring the Great Lakes.    The Great Lakes, of course, are a vital source for both the United States and Canada to move goods; supply drinking water for industrial and agricultural purposes, a source of hydroelectric power, and swimming and other recreational activities.    But the industrialization and development of the Great Lakes over the past 200 years has had an impact on water quality in the Great Lakes.    The Great Lakes are a high priority to our Members from Minnesota, Wisconsin, Michigan, Illinois, Indiana, Ohio, Pennsylvania and New York, particularly in those districts that border the lakes. However, the Great Lakes are also important to our entire Nation.    The Great Lakes are the largest surface freshwater system on the earth, with 6 quadrillion gallons of water. The Great Lakes account for approximately 20 percent of the world's freshwater supply and approximately 90 percent of the U.S. freshwater supply.    Thirty-five million people live in the Great Lakes region, representing roughly one-tenth of the U.S. population and one-quarter of the Canadian population. The lakes are the primary water supply for most of these people.    The Great Lakes constitute the largest inland water transportation system in the world, and have played an important role in the economic development of both the United States and Canada.    According to some estimates, the Great Lakes help support more than $200 billion a year in economic activity in the region, and contribute nearly a quarter of the Nation's exports and 27 percent of the U.S. gross domestic product. Over 200 million tons of cargo are shipped annually through the Great Lakes.    The Great Lakes present a unique environmental challenge. Legacy issues, including the buildup of toxic substances in lake sediments in areas of concern, and the introduction of invasive plant and animal species, are impacting the Great Lakes. More than 180 invasive aquatic species have become established in the Great Lakes, including at least 25 major nonnative species of fish and zebra mussels, which invade and clog water intake pipes, costing water and electric generating utilities $100 million to $400 million a year in prevention and remediation efforts.    Efforts to improve the Great Lakes water quality and restore the health of the Great Lakes ecosystem are proceeding through cooperative efforts with Canada as well as through the efforts of numerous Federal, State, tribal, local, and private parties.    The EPA , Army Corps of Engineers, Fish and Wildlife Service, the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, the U.S. Geological Survey, the Natural Resources Conservation Service, the Great Lakes States, local communities, industry, and other parties all are involved. With so many parties involved in trying to restore the Great Lakes, coordination of the effort can be difficult.    To improve coordination, in 2004, the President signed an Executive order creating the Great Lakes Interagency Task Force. The Executive order called for the development of outcome-based goals like cleaner water, sustainable fisheries, and system biodiversity, and called on the task force to ensure Federal efforts are coordinated and target measurable results.    The task force, under the lead of EPA, brings together 11 Federal agencies responsible for administering more than 140 different programs in the Great Lakes region, to provide strategic direction on Federal policy, priorities, and programs for restoring the Great Lakes.    Congress has enacted more than 30 Federal laws specifically focused on Great Lakes restoration and there are currently more than 200 programs that provide funding and resources to Great Lakes States for restoration activities.    In 2010, the task force released an action plan, as part of the new Great Lakes Restoration Initiative, to accelerate efforts to protect and restore the Great Lakes. More than 2,000 projects have been funded to date through the first action plan.    In September 2014, the Federal agencies released an updated action plan II, which summarizes the actions that the Federal agencies plan to implement during fiscal years 2015 through 2019, using Great Lakes Restoration Initiative funding.    This action plan aims to strategically target the five biggest threats to the Great Lakes ecosystem and to accelerate progress toward long-term goals. The five focus areas in summary include: toxic substances, invasive species, nonpoint source pollution, habitat restoration, and accountability and education.    Since the beginning of the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative, there has been a concern voiced by some that restoration activities have slowed or even been halted due to a lack of coordination among the Federal agencies that encompass the task force. Other critiques include a lack of communication between the Federal task force and their partners in State governments.    In response to my requests, the Government Accountability Office conducted a review of Great Lakes Restoration Initiative implementation and prepared reports of its findings in 2013 and July of this year.    Our colleague, Congressman David Joyce, introduced H.R. 223 to amend the Great Lakes program provisions under section 118 of the Clean Water Act to formally authorize the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative for 5 years, and to carry out projects and activities for Great Lakes protection and restoration.    Under this legislation, the Environmental Protection Agency is to collaborate with other Federal partners, including the Great Lakes Interagency Task Force, to select the best combination of projects and activities for Great Lakes protection and restoration.    This hearing today is intended to review the progress of the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative and to hear from witnesses on the implementation of the GLRI program and the types of improvements that need to be made to the program.    I look forward to hearing from the witnesses, and at this time I recognize my ranking member from California, Mrs. Napolitano.    Mr. Gibbs. Thanks.    Before I recognize our witnesses, we have a little bit of housekeeping. I ask unanimous consent that the hearing record be kept open for 30 days after this hearing in order to accept written testimony for the hearing record. Is there objection?    Mr. Gibbs. Without objection, so ordered.    I also ask unanimous consent that written testimony submitted on behalf of the following parties be included in this hearing record: David Ullrich, executive director of the Great Lakes and St. Lawrence Cities Initiative; Clarence Anthony, the CEO and executive director of the National League of Cities; Matthew Chase, the executive director of the National Association of Counties; Tom Cochran, the CEO and executive director of the U.S. Conference of Mayors; Joanna Turner, the executive director of the National Association of Regional Councils; Tracy Mehan, the executive director for government affairs for the American Water Works Association; John Hall, the executive director of the Center for Regulatory Reasonableness; Christopher Rissetto, general counsel for the Center for Regulatory Reasonableness; and Adam Krantz, the CEO of the National Association of Clean Water Agencies.    Is there objection?    Mr. Gibbs. Thank you.    Mr. Gomez, the floor is yours.    Mr. Gibbs. Thank you.    Mr. Kramer, the floor is yours. Welcome.    Mr. Gibbs. I thank you.    And I will start out with questions.    First of all, I want to thank Mr. Gomez for the report that we requested from your office. It was very helpful.    I recognize that the EPA is implementing some of what you mentioned and you also mentioned in your report that they implemented a big initiative before the final report came out because of the draft report, and I want to talk about that just for a minute and then I will get to another issue.    In your report you talk about sharing future success and the challenges, and needing the EPA to address the issue. It is about communication between the different agencies and States. Mr. Korleski created subgroups from my understanding, the way I read this, and so hopefully the intent is that the subgroups are working together, communicating, because what we have heard, and I think what Mr. Gomez and the study determined, is that one hand did not know what the other hand was doing.    So do you want to elaborate a little bit about the functioning and the mechanism going forward with the subgroups?    Mr. Gibbs. Excuse me. The subgroups would consist of different agencies, the EPA, NOAA and all?    Mr. Gibbs. I think that is a good way to go forward.    Mr. Gibbs. That was one of the criticisms of the report.    But to take that further, I think the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative Action Plan for 2015 to 2019 does not include targets to measure any progress. If the EPA and the task force do not have targets, how are they going to measure?    You do not have in this new action plan specific targets, goals. Am I understanding that right?    Mr. Gibbs. OK. I wanted to ask a question on the algae issue in western Lake Erie. Can you describe to the subcommittee how the EPA shows deference to the expertise of other Federal agencies for funding these activities?    For instance, the EPA recognizes NOAA as the agency with the expertise related to harmful algal blooms. Why is it important that that one agency not be given sole discretion over the GLRI activities?    Mr. Gibbs. My last question I wanted to just go to Mr. Kramer.    What would it take to reduce the amount of nutrients entering the Great Lakes to prevent the algae blooms that have occurred in the last few years?    Mr. Gibbs. Yes.    Mr. Gibbs. Are we noticing more dissolved phosphorus compared to maybe phosphorus attached to the sediment? Is dissolved phosphorus more of an issue than it was in previous years?    Mr. Gibbs. OK.    Mr. Gibbs. Pardon?    Mr. Gibbs. Yes, I know. The Ohio Farm Bureau put up $1 million towards that.    Mr. Gibbs. This is my last question before I yield to my ranking member.    On these programs, can you kind of elaborate, voluntary versus regulatory, mandatory? You know, what is the best fit? What is the best way to address this issue?    Mr. Gibbs. And I will concur with that, being a farmer, and I would also just in closing say that, you know, farmers drink the water first.    Mr. Gibbs. I mean, it is on the land because all of their wells are where they are getting it, and it is just critical. And they want to do the best for the environment. We have seen that with best management practices, no-till, and a bunch of things that are happening.    And my concern has been, especially with the WOTUS rule, when you come down with a heavy hammer at some point you just overburden them with redtape and bureaucracy. They will throw their hands up in the air and they are not going to do what they would have done voluntarily. I am really concerned with the WOTUS rule that we can actually go backwards in water quality with the strides we have made.    So I yield to my ranking member.    Mr. Gibbs. Mr. Ribble.    Mr. Gibbs. Ms. Norton.    Mr. Gibbs. Mr. Nolan.    Mr. Gibbs. Before we excuse the panel, I know I have one question. I think my ranking member has a question.    But I guess, Mr. Korleski, we are going to go to you with your background as a former Ohio EPA director and your role now. There has been a lot of discussion about the impact of open-lake disposal for dredging and the legacy issues.    Can you just give us your thoughts of what the impact might be on, you know, the legacy issues of phosphorus for the open-lake disposal?    Mic, mic, mic, mic.    Mr. Gibbs. It is PCBs .    Mr. Gibbs. Just to comment a little bit on the Cuyahoga-Cleveland issue, I think they have made significant progress on finding beneficial uses, the filling in the basements of the Land Bank Program there. The bedload interceptor, I do not know if you are familiar with that, started this spring going up the Cuyahoga River upstream and collecting a lot of sediment before it gets more in the contaminated legacy areas. So I am hopeful that could come in.    The good thing about that issue there, the amount of cubic yards is a lot less than what we have in the Toledo-Maumee area.    Mr. Gibbs. And that is highly laden with phenyl phosphorus, and I know that you said there is no scientific evidence. I did not know if there was any thought of trying to do more studies.    I know there have been comments made by certain elected officials in Ohio that, you know, they put it out in the lake and Lake Erie is so shallow out there, that is one of the major problems, issues, challenges. It kind of gets washed back into it.    And we think that could be a hypothesis as a fact that maybe it is adding to the legacy issues. Go ahead.    Mr. Gibbs. Yes.    Mr. Gibbs. Yes.    Mr. Gibbs. It should be an asset instead of a liability.    Mr. Gibbs. This is the last quick question. The Western Lake Erie Basin, you know, is so shallow, 30 feet or whatever it is, compared to maybe up in Mr. Ribble's area of Lake Superior I have heard 700 feet. I do not know. It is very deep.    So open-lake disposal in depths like that, common sense would tell you that maybe it is not an issue because of the depth. Would you concur with that?    Mr. Gibbs. OK.    Mr. Gibbs. It would be nice if somebody put markers on there so that you actually tracked that.    Mr. Gibbs. Thank you.    Mr. Gibbs. I want to thank the panel for coming in today and sharing your thoughts and expertise, and I think it is in the report and in our hearing today that collaboration, working with all of the different agencies, and the private entities, and, Mr. Gomez, you raised a good point about the hard infrastructure, the mine sewer overflows and all of that issue, and we did put in the WRRDA bill the last time a WIFIA pilot program to try to help supplement the State Revolving Funds to address the hard issues.    But also on the green side of things, as a farmer I can tell you I have seen amazing things happen with buffer strips and grass waterways. The filtration process in nature is really amazing, and so there are some things that can be incorporated that I think make a lot of sense.    I think we know the work that NRCS and all the people who do that on a voluntary basis, working with all of the farmers in the agricultural sector out there, is very important, and moving forward I think we can make some good progress.    So again, thank you for coming in today, and you are excused, and we will bring up the second panel.    Welcome to the House Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure Subcommittee on Water Resources and Environment. Today on our panel 2 we have Mr. Jon Allan. He is the acting chair of the Great Lakes Commission; the Honorable John Dickert, the mayor of the city of Racine, Wisconsin; Mr. Ed Wolking, Jr., the executive director of Great Lakes Metro Chambers Coalition; Mr. Doug Busdeker, director of the Ohio AgriBusiness Association; and Mr. Chad Lord, who is the policy director of Healing Our Waters--Great Lakes Coalition.    Welcome, and, Mr. Allan, the floor is yours.    Mr. Gibbs. Mayor, welcome. The floor is yours.    Mr. Gibbs. Thank you.    Mr. Wolking, the floor is yours. Welcome.    Mr. Gibbs. Thank you.    Mr. Busdeker, welcome. The floor is yours.    Mr. Gibbs. Thank you.    Mr. Lord, welcome. The floor is yours.    Mr. Gibbs. Thank you.    I will start off with a question here.    Mr. Allan, in your testimony you describe the need for increased coordination, consultation and engagement between the Federal GLRI agencies and the Great Lakes States. Can you give us examples of how the current efforts by the Federal agencies in the area are just not enough?    And then are States treated as coequal partners? Can you just elaborate?    Mr. Gibbs. Are the States involved in the subgroups that we talked about in the first panel?    Mr. Gibbs. Yes, I think that would be a critical component. I mean, it is a partnership.    Mr. Gibbs. States ought to be involved in getting down in the weeds.    Mayor Dickert, can you explain kind of on that same question, as a mayor, the relationship of the municipalities with the Federal Government on this question about the consultation and involvement?    Mr. Gibbs. Yes, you would think with a grant process that would help break down some of that, but that is what we need to work on, I think, in the authorization.    Mr. Gibbs. Yes. Mr. Busdeker, on the 4R Program you talk about, nutrients, stewardship, dealing with the right source, right rate, right time and right place, obviously that is just plain common sense to me as a farmer. Your statement about excess nutrient supply costs money, and you cannot hardly do it especially with today's commodity prices. It is not a smart thing to do.    Has the GLRI provided any funds to help with your efforts for the 4R Program?    Mr. Gibbs. Are you seeing with GPS, global positioning system, and I know my larger green farmer friends, it is in all their equipment out there, especially in northwestern Ohio, seeing more farmers moving to more specific placement of nutrients using GPS? Is that starting to happen or not?    Mr. Gibbs. And I think for anybody listening to this or viewing this, you know, the reason I raise that question is I think it is important because people do not realize that in any given field you can have tremendous yield differentials and fertility levels because the soil does change, you know, across a 5,800-acre field or whatever.    It helps the farmer's bottom line by getting that nutrient placed where it is needed and not putting excess on where it is not needed, and that is where GPS would come in. I think you would concur with that, right?    Mr. Gibbs. Has the Natural Resources Conservation Service, are they doing enough? Is there more they can do or what are your thoughts on that?    Mr. Gibbs. OK. Thank you.    Mrs. Napolitano, I yield to you.    Mr. Gibbs. Mr. Ribble.    Mr. Gibbs. Mr. Davis, do you have any questions? Mr. Davis.    Mr. Gibbs. Mr. Rokita.    Mr. Gibbs. I have one question. I want to kind of finish up with Mr. Wolking.    In your written testimony, I do not think you highlighted this in your verbal testimony, but you talk about the 5,300 miles of shoreline and the complex work and we learn as we go. Then you talk about the second major phase of the plan, 2015 to 2019, and the introduction of science-based adaptive management, improvements in prioritization, and better reporting on measures of progress and their impact.    I see you have Brookings Institution and Grand Valley State trying to get cost-benefit analysis and trying to quantify where we are headed.    It is hard to do, but do you want to elaborate a little bit on trying to monitor the impacts, the economic impacts for the benefit?    Mr. Gibbs. That is a good point to end this hearing, I think.    I want to thank you all for coming in.    Do you have one more point? Go ahead.    Mr. Gibbs. Well, again, I want to thank you for coming in.    I think this was quite an interesting discussion, and hopefully we can move forward with the formal authorization and reliable, sustainable funding.    We had a hearing just recently on brownfields, Mayor. That is a key issue. We have made a lot of progress, sir, I think, in integrated permitting and planning, I think you highlighted that. We have had hearings on that, and are trying to work with the U.S. EPA to allow municipalities like yourselves to do integrated permitting so that you can address what your needs are, which might be different than the needs in Cleveland, for example.    And so thank you all for coming in to highlight the importance of the Great Lakes to economic stability and job creation in the region.    Thank you very much, and this concludes our hearing.