    Mr. Martella. Thank you, Chairman Bishop, Ranking Member Grijalva, and for the whole committee, for the honor to appear before you at this important hearing.    For 45 years, NEPA has served as the broadest, most diverse shield of environmental protection in the United States.    Ranking Member, I agree with your statement that it really is the bedrock of environmental law. And it has probably realized more benefits per word of statutory text in the six pages than any other statute.    But while it was enacted as a shield, it has also been transformed by some into a secondary purpose that was unintended by Congress, which is as a sword intended to block projects, delay projects, and cancel projects. So, what we want to talk about today is this balance, focusing on NEPA being a shield to protect the environment, to assess greenhouse gases, assess climate change and environmental impacts, but not furthering this secondary purpose that some have adopted, to make it a sword that will block projects that are critically important to our energy independence, modern energy infrastructure, and the various goals that the Obama administration is pursuing to address climate change.    And, as NEPA is entering middle age--and there has been some discussion about how old NEPA is; I was born the same year NEPA was enacted, so I can fairly say it is middle-aged--it is struggling to keep up with applying these older tools to address modern problems. And no example of that is better than climate change.    As the Chairman pointed out, NEPA has not been amended since 1970, but we are asking it now to address greenhouse gases and climate change, like we are asking several other statutes to do. NEPA was designed to address specific projects in specific areas, and look at the local and regional impacts of those projects. As we know, climate change is a global issue. It is an issue where you have almost an infinite amount of sources around the world contributing to a single concern. That is not something that syncs up very well with NEPA. So, the question today is how do we go about reconciling these two things.    I want to say at the outset I am in agreement with, I think, the two fundamental principles that the Director has shared, and that the guidance does. I do agree that an analysis of greenhouse gases is appropriate under NEPA for certain projects that do impact greenhouse gases. I don't dispute that; that is what the courts have--that is where the courts have been going, and what they have been saying.    I also do recognize the importance of guidance. I think it can be helpful to the decisionmakers, to the courts, to the stakeholders, to get guidance from CEQ, appropriate guidance on how to look at this kind of 1970s tool and how it should be addressing the modern concerns associated with climate change. So I am in agreement on those two issues.    But, as I say in my written testimony, I do think there are five ways that the guidance gets it wrong, and should be doing it better. And I am not going to go through all five in the brief time here, but I do want to focus on the first three. And the first one, importantly, is how the guidance goes beyond CEQ's own regulations. CEQ's regulations require an analysis of direct, indirect, and cumulative impacts.    But the guidance goes much further than that, and it says, beyond those, you have to consider all the upstream impacts of a decision, and all the downstream impacts of the decision. And it gives an example of a mine, and says you not only have to look at the impacts of a mine--I agree, we should look at the greenhouse gas impacts of that mine--but you have to go all the way downstream, to look at the transportation of the resources, the refining of the resources, the ultimate combustion or utilization of the resources. And that goes far beyond the CEQ regulations, and you can't amend a regulation with the guidance.    I was interested to read the Director's testimony, where, on page four, there is more that I agree with there than I did in the actual guidance. And maybe there is some refinement going on, which would be welcomed.    The second fundamental issue I want to raise has to do with the CEQ's applying a one-size-fits-all guidance to all types of decisions: land decisions, resource decisions. Encompassed in this guidance are forestry decisions, grazing decisions, oil and gas permits, export terminals, railroad spurs, highways, and bridges, and things like that. And, for something like climate change, we simply can't have a one-size-fits-all guidance that applies to all those actions. That is just going to lead to confusion, unnecessary interpretation, litigation risk, delays, and, again, the potential to frustrate these very important projects that are key to our energy independence and a modern energy infrastructure.    I think what CEQ should do--and with respect--would be to develop guidance that is specific for these sectors, as opposed to a one-size-fits-all approach, which is misleading.    Then, the third thing I wanted to emphasize is the reliance on the social cost of carbon. At the outset, I am not sure why the social cost of carbon is even relevant under the law to this. But even if you were to engage in some social cost of carbon analysis, by no means should they be relying on the OMB social cost of carbon. The OMB social cost of carbon metrics, I think, are probably the single least transparent decisionmaking in the environmental area in this administration. It is the antithesis of NEPA, that a bunch of agencies, kind of behind closed doors in a black box, developed these figures without any public participation and input, and it goes against everything NEPA stands for, when it comes to public participation. So the social cost of carbon should not be referred to in the NEPA analysis.    The other arguments are--the other positions are in the written testimony. But with respect, in just 10 seconds, I do want to repeat Chairman Bishop's statement that I do believe, in the interim, that the guidance should be withdrawn while these concerns are addressed. Even though it is a draft guidance, other Federal agencies--even the courts look to anything CEQ says with significant deference. It is having an impact in the short term. So, I would recommend and request that the guidance be withdrawn while these issues are addressed, and these other guidances are developed. Thank you very much.    Mr. Martella. Well, thank you, Vice Chairman. Your question goes exactly to my point on why I believe the guidance needs to be withdrawn now, as CEQ considers it further.    At the end of the day, we have a practical reality and two perspectives. One is a--let's take the Forest Service as an example. Even though it is a draft guidance, no one at the Forest Service is going to ignore it. They are going to give deference to CEQ. And no one at the Forest Service is going to risk not paying attention to the draft CEQ guidance. It is, de facto, in effect, in my view, across the Federal Government.    And, from the court's perspective--let's say the Forest Service says, ``Well, we are going to disagree with CEQ.'' What is going to happen is someone is going to challenge that Forest Service decision, take it to the court, and the first thing they are going to say in their brief, ``Well, CEQ said the Forest Service should have done it differently,'' and the court, again, is going to give that significant weight. So that, I think, is the danger and the risk.    While, again, I recognize there is a need for guidance, as a general proposition, that is the danger and the risk of having a draft guidance out there that is inconsistent with the law.    Mr. Martella. I understand your point, sir, and I agree with it fully. I was a Justice Department attorney for many years, where I defended the government in NEPA decisions. And it is unrealistic to think that any Federal decisionmaker would ignore any kind of guidance from the White House on these issues.    But I would like to give you an example that brings your hypothetical to a reality. Just last year, about 9 months ago, there was a court decision in Colorado, where a NEPA document was done for a coal mine, and the NEPA document did not address the social cost of carbon from OMB, something I talked about. And the court looked at this EIS, after many years of preparation, and the court said, ``Well, you never talked about this thing that came out of OMB. I am not sure if you have to talk about it or not. But the fact you didn't even explain it gives me concern,'' and it remanded the EIS back to the agency to explain why it was or was not considering it.    So, that is a prime, real-world example of a court decision within the last year that did exactly what you are concerned about, which is to remand a decision back after many, many years of analysis, simply because the Federal agency did not follow something that was coming out of the White House.    Mr. Martella. I get back to my overarching proposition to anything CEQ does, anything it does with the guidance. It is going to effectively be binding the day it comes out. The Federal Government, all the decisionmakers, are going to follow that CEQ guidance as the command that they have to be paying attention to.    Mr. Martella. Whether it is procedural or substantive, I think it has the same impact, that the agencies are going to follow it and give it great weight. And if the agencies don't follow it, then there are going to be significant vulnerabilities defending the decision in the courts.    Mr. Martella. Again, I believe it is going to be binding on the agency. It is going to effectively give them substantive direction on how they should be applying NEPA.    Mr. Martella. I believe it is substantive. I believe it is--as I have said before, it is in effect, to some extent, right now, that if I were working at the Forest Service, how could I look away from it? I would have to be applying it.    One of the things that makes me particularly nervous about it--I appreciate Director Goldfuss saying they are paying very close attention to the comments, they are going to take them into consideration. I see some things in her written testimony that were encouraging to me. But what makes me concerned about it is it--those changes need to happen now. There is always a risk that the government never finalizes something that is a draft. And if it is not finalized, it is going to always stick out there as a draft, and it is just never going to go away.    So, while I very much support the efforts to take the comments into consideration, I think we have a challenge in the interim, that is it in effect at the moment, de facto. It should be withdrawn while they are considering these comments. And there should also be a commitment to address the comments, I think, within a reasonable period of time, so we don't just have it lingering out there indefinitely.    Mr. Martella. Well, as I have indicated earlier, your prediction has already come true. I cited the case from 2014 in Colorado that struck down many years of hard work on an EIS because of the inconsistency, and how they considered the social cost of carbon. So that is already a reality, and why it needs to be addressed.    And if I could just clarify, too, my fundamental criticism--and I have several with the social cost of carbon--but we have heard from both sides today, everybody complimenting NEPA as being so transparent, and opening up the doors to public transparency and public participation, and I fully concur in that. It is the landmark statute for doing that. The social cost of carbon is at the exact polar opposite of that. This was a decision by several agencies and the Federal Government that was done behind closed doors, in a black box, without the public even knowing about it, and then just announced from on high.    So, for CEQ to now incorporate the social cost of carbon into NEPA documents, and to say this is a metric, it takes away the whole public participation transparency component that all of us have agreed today is so essential to the success of NEPA going forward. So it should not be addressed until the public has an opportunity to participate in the social cost of carbon process.    Mr. Martella. Right. And, on Waters of the United States, I would probably disagree with Director Goldfuss. I think that there are things that the Administration is proposing on those that are flatly inconsistent with what the Supreme Court has directed, and the Supreme Court is the highest law of the land, in terms of those directions.    Mr. Martella. My recollection is it does incorporate transnational impacts as well as----    Mr. Martella. That is my best recollection.    Mr. Martella. Well, I think you are right on the proposition. It gets back to my theme, that while my dispute is not with, if this is my project, not with assessing the greenhouse gases of this project. My dispute is that the guidance goes much further, and says we have to look not just at this project, but all the downstream effects, and all the upstream effects.    So, if we limited the emissions to the direct, indirect, cumulative impacts of the project, as CEQ has always said in its regulations, we wouldn't have a transnational issue. It is only because of this downstream, upstream, and the incorporation of social cost of carbon that triggers these transnational concerns.    So, again, I would urge CEQ, as they revise the guidance, to limit it, consistent with the regulations, and not go beyond the scope of the regulations.    Mr. Martella. Agree.    The Chairman. Dr. Christy?    Mr. Clark, I think you mentioned that, as well?    Mr. Martella. It is not. I don't think any one person could define it. As pointed out earlier, companies have different versions of it. The challenge here is a government has developed its own version of it, which has not been made transparent, has not gone through all the public participation processes that are so inherent in NEPA.    The Chairman. Well, as much as I have difficulty with trying to define that term, as well--maybe, Dr. Christy, I can ask you the same thing. Obviously, weather is different than climate. Is climate definable in the absolute or the historic?    Mr. Martella. Significantly more, and especially while it is still hanging out there.    The Chairman. Dr. Christy?    Mr. Martella. It creates a problem, both for the agencies and for the courts. One of the risks here is, during the interim period, right now--we will go back to our hypothetical Forest Service. They are looking at this draft guidance, and they are doing work right now. If the guidance changes again in another revision, then they have already invested in something that is going to change. That is going to create more vulnerability for the courts.    The Chairman. All right. That is very helpful. There is one thing that just nags at me, though, that I would really like to do. You mentioned that you were born the year that NEPA passed.    Mr. Martella. About 6 months later.    The Chairman. And signed by President Nixon?    Mr. Martella. That is correct.    The Chairman. Who is doing penitence for it on the other side, already.    The Chairman. One of the things we ought to do, in all sincerity, is, instead of coming up with simple guidances, is simply reform NEPA so that we include this in statute, so it is very clear, and it goes through the congressional process, so they have input from every side in the congressional process, and we actually just fix the statute, as opposed to writing more regulations and more guidance. That is the proper approach to it. That should be the legislative approach to it. And it actually provides better opportunity for people to have input than simply providing comments.    In the future, that is one of the areas we should be looking toward, and that is one of the reasons why we will have more discussions on NEPA, as a document itself, going forward in the future. It needs to be revised in some way to fit the reality of today.    With that, I would like to thank the witnesses for coming here, and for providing the testimony that you have given. I appreciate it all. As we said, I appreciate your staying for almost 2\1/2\ hours to go through this process. Unfortunately, we did not have a chance to have every Member give questions that they had, but we will be working with that.    Those Members who may have additional questions, or were not able to ask questions, can submit them in writing for the record. And, under Rule 4(h), this hearing record will be open for 10 business days. We would ask, if those questions come forward, that we be able to get responses from you for those particular questions in a timely manner.    And, with that, if there is no further business, with, once again, my expression of gratitude for you being here today, without objection, the committee stands adjourned.