    Mr. Kennedy. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I want to thank the witnesses for testifying today and for your attention to an important topic.    Professor Gugliuzza, thanks for bringing the Boston weather with you. I wish you would have left it at home, but nevertheless, appreciate it.    I want to flush out a little bit of a conversation we have had in the--before as well. My First Amendment law, while being a lawyer, is perhaps a little shaky. So there has been, I think some testimony that has touched already on the Noerr-Pennington doctrine, which touches on immunity of parties who are petitioning the Government for certain types of liability. Generally speaking, it is my understanding that this doctrine began in an antitrust base, but it has been steadily expanded over the course of case law throughout the years.    So, Professor, starring with you, with regard to the Noerr-Pennington doctrine, I think that there are two open areas here, right? One is, does it apply to patent demand letters, and does it apply in the consumer protection context? And I was hoping you can just start with those--kind of that basic framework.    Mr. Kennedy. And so given that is the case though, but you are asking the--it is between two companies, but you are asking the Government to enforce a patent--a protection action, right, that patent----    Mr. Kennedy . In that context?    Mr. Kennedy. Um-hum.    Mr. Kennedy. And then, Ms. Ranieri, could you just give a little bit--you were talking about the totality of the circumstances of the letters and such a moment ago, but in your review of the legal literature, do you believe that the general content of demand letters is protected speech?    Mr. Kennedy. And you think that the--you think that case law or legislation can be developed that is going to be sufficiently narrowly tailored that will provide for a definition of good faith that the courts would uphold?    Mr. Kennedy. Professor?    Mr. Kennedy. Thank you both. Thank you all.    Yield back.