    Mr. Guthrie. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and I appreciate being here and having Ms. Bauscher here from Kentucky and, First Lady, I will say I drive every now and then--about twice a year and it is always a pleasure to drive through Virginia. What a beautiful state.    Mr. Guthrie. We do stop and see some of our heritage there. You have got a lot of heritage and we appreciate that. Of course, until 1792, we were Virginians in Kentucky, as well.    Mr. Guthrie. Ms. Bauscher, you know, this is important. I am glad that you are here because, you know, I hear from a lot of school nutritionists and pros and cons of what is going on and what is common is every single one of them is dedicated to kids eating better. And just trying to figure out how we make this work in the situation that we are in.    And, so, following this, I hope we will invite you, but, following this, I am going to do four roundtables back home with school nutritionists, so I will be in I think Elizabethtown and also in Jessamine County--or Bullitt County, and then Bowling Green and Owensboro, so any of those, you will be welcome to make. Because we just want to hear from the practitioners who are really putting this--and, as I said, all of them to the one, that we want kids to eat better. But there are some issues that we need to address.    And, so, I have a couple of questions for you. And since the rollout of the new meal standards, you know, I have heard from administrators in my district that say there is an increase in students bringing their lunch to school, as well as increase in food waste. And when your district partnered, I believe, with a local chef to try to increase the appeal of the nutritious food, how did your students respond? Or just talk about that program. Did you see a change in participation and how much more did it cost?    Mr. Guthrie. Yes, I know you do. And you also, during the out-of-school--I know, Jefferson County had probably--well, there are six members of Congress, one has Jefferson County, so you probably have six of the Commonwealth students. So, I mean, you have the volume and they geographically connect. I mean, they are close to each other so the volume.    I know you partner with private entities for when school is not in session. Can you describe some of those programs? Summer and when school is not in session?