    Ms. Winchell. Chairman Chaffetz, Representative Plaskett, members of the committee, thank you for the opportunity to appear before you today and discuss the matter regarding the Department's chief information officer, Danny Harris.    As the designated agency ethics official at the Department, I am responsible for running the Department's ethics program. I believe a successful and effective ethics program must ensure that all employees have enough information about the rules to either know how to comply with them or to know when to ask questions and who to ask. I take this responsibility very seriously.    I first became aware of the IG's investigation in February of 2013. At that time, in developing recommendations for deputy secretary, I took into consideration that no ethics rules had been violated, that the activities had already ceased, and that the matter had been referred to the U.S. attorney.    I subsequently participated in conversations regarding a question from the deputy secretary about whether it would be appropriate to reassign Dr. Harris from the OCIO position to another position. Based on the information provided in the report, we concluded that that would be a drastic action under the circumstances and was neither reasonable nor required.    According to information provided in the IG's report, the kinds of financial relationships Dr. Harris engaged in with subordinates are not covered by the criminal conflict of interest statute, but they do raise potential concerns under the standards of ethical conduct. I believe that paying a subordinate to provide services outside of work and providing personal services to--for a fee to a subordinate does create a ``covered relationship'' with those subordinates. However, under the rules, the determination about whether a recusal is required rests with the employee first.    While the ethics official may make a binding and independent determination about the necessity of a recusal, that determination may not be applied retroactively under the rules. Dr. Harris has now been counseled that he may not have outside financial relationships with any subordinate because the--as the ethics official, I have determined that such relationships could give rise to the appearance of a lack of impartiality.    With respect to his friendship with the owner of a vendor, information in the IG's report suggests that Dr. Harris formed a close personal friendship with the vendor in approximately 2010. However, in my reading of the IG's report, I concluded that the information presented did not support a conclusion that a close personal friendship existed at the time Dr. Harris participated in the selection of the vendor or the implementation of the resulting contract.    According to the IG's report, Dr. Harris failed to report income he received from his outside activities on his public financial disclosure report. Dr. Harris has reported--did subsequently report income on his report covering calendar year 2012. He has not reported any such income in subsequent years. The IG's report does not contain information to support a conclusion that the omissions were willful.    The IG's report states that Dr. Harris advocated for a relative to be hired at the Department. From an ethics perspective, I reviewed the information provided in the report to determine whether Dr. Harris misused his government position in attempting to obtain employment for a relative. I concluded that he did not, as there is no information showing that he participated in or attempted to influence the hiring process. In my view, a simple inquiry about job openings that might be suitable for a relative is not, without more, a misuse of position under the rules.    Finally, I reviewed the allegation that Dr. Harris misused Department equipment and resources by using Department email and other electronic resources in connection with his outside activities. However, the IG's report did not clearly establish whether the outside activities were a business or a hobby. If the activities were a business, personal use of government equipment is prohibited under the Department's policy. However, if they are a hobby, the Department policy does permit a certain amount of personal use of such equipment.    I met with Dr. Harris in his office on March 21, 2014. I reviewed the ethics laws and rules regarding conflict of interest and appearance of lack of impartiality. This discussion focused, to a large extent, on how to handle friends in the workplace and appearance issues that arise when supervisors and subordinates have financial relationships outside of work. I also discussed gifts between employees and misuse of government equipment.    Chairman Chaffetz, Representative Plaskett, and the members of the committee, this concludes my statement, and I am happy to answer any questions you may have.    Ms. Winchell. Yes. The standards of conduct provide that employees may not use government resources for other than an authorized purpose. Authorized purpose is not defined by the rules. In this context, the authorized purpose would be defined in a department policy that permits a certain amount of personal use of government equipment and resources.    I reviewed the record, and my review of the record was I didn't think it was clear whether this activity was a hobby or a business. It is true that there was a business card, it is true that there were written proposals for A/V installations, but it's also true that this was never formed as a business entity, it never had a business license, it never had a separate bank account. Several of the people that were familiar with it referred to it as a hobby, and several people referred to it as a business.    If it's a hobby or a personal activity, under the policy, then, a certain amount, a de minimis amount of personal use of government resources is permitted. My review of the record is that there were 11 emails related to these businesses over a 3-year period, and it seems to me that that comes well within the boundary of de minimis.    If, on the other hand, this was considered a business, it would be strictly prohibited under that policy to use government resources. At the time that I gave Dr. Harris the counseling, I advised him that it was prudent to consider any activity that would generate income such that it needed to be reported on a financial disclosure report as a business, regardless of any other factors.    Ms. Winchell. Well, of course it concerns me greatly when information is omitted from financial disclosure reports, but occasionally, employees omit information inadvertently.    In this particular case, looking at the totality of the circumstances, I did not--it is a violation to willfully fail to provide information. But in this case, the record reflects that his wife actually queried a tax lawyer about whether the income was reportable on his income taxes, and they received advice that it was not, which I take to mean he also thought it didn't need to be reported on his financial disclosure report. The advice was wrong, although they relied on it, and it was remedied after they realized it was a mistake.    Ms. Winchell. That's correct.    Ms. Winchell. Yes.    Ms. Winchell. Well, we would evaluate the allegation and try to obtain as much relevant information before we took action, but yes ----    Ms. Winchell. Well, I can't speak for why the Office of the Deputy Secretary didn't respond to the IG, but I can tell you that we met in the Office of the General Counsel to consider the report I think in--I think we were--in April, in the March/April time frame in 2013. And at that time we understood from the IG that the offending conduct had ceased. But we also understood ----    Ms. Winchell. I don't ----    Ms. Winchell. I ----    Ms. Winchell. Right.    Mr. Meadows.--until a year later, and you take everything real serious, and yet, according to your memo, you didn't talk to Dr. Harris until March 12 of 2014, almost a year after the IG submitted a request. Why would it take a year?    Ms. Winchell. Well, we were--we were waiting for the feedback from the U.S. Attorney's Office to see what--if any action that they were going to take on these. We understood that the conduct had ceased actually in ----    Ms. Winchell. Pardon me?    Ms. Winchell. I understood it from the IG.    Ms. Winchell. I--it was in my notes ----    Mr. Meadows.--hold on, hold on, hold on just a second. You understood from the IG's report and ----    Ms. Winchell. No, I didn't--I don't--I ----    Ms. Winchell. It's in my notes ----    Mr. Meadows.--from you.    Ms. Winchell. It's in my notes that, at the time that we had these conversations that the conduct had ceased.    Ms. Winchell. I did not talk to Mr. Harris personally.    Ms. Winchell. Yes.    Mr. King.--in March of 2013.    Mr. Meadows.--it was a business. The IG said it was a business, and Ms. Winchell disagrees. And with the indulgence of the chair, I will finish with this. President Obama sent an Executive order just a few weeks ago on Second Amendment. The guidance with that said that if you have a business card, you are in the business of selling firearms. So in light of that, Ms. Winchell, is the President wrong or are you wrong?    Ms. Winchell. I still think that, according to the information in the report, it is not clear whether this was a business or a hobby at the time that I reviewed the report.    Ms. Winchell. That's ----    Ms. Plaskett.--you reviewed the inspector general's April 2013 report?    Ms. Winchell. That's correct.    Ms. Winchell. That's correct.    Ms. Winchell. Well, you know, we all create friendly relationships at work, and the way the rule works--actually, the rule doesn't include friendship as the kind of relationship that necessarily gives rise to a conflict. And OG--the Office of Government Ethics did that fairly deliberately. They provide a process that you can go through to evaluate whether the friendship would give rise to an appearance of a conflict of interest, basically evaluating whether a reasonable person would question your impartiality if you were to work on a matter involving that individual.    So when I'm looking at these questions--and employees do call me from time to time about whether or not they should work on something that involves a friend. I'll ask them a series of questions like have you gone on vacation with this friend? How long have you known them? You know, sometimes you have people that meet their significant others, and technically this rule doesn't apply to them until they're actually sharing a household. But obviously, that's an important thing to know.    The report of investigation, the only evidence there is in the report of a close personal friendship is when the vacations occurred, which was, I believe, in ----    Ms. Winchell.--and--in or around 2010.    Ms. Plaskett.--before people go on vacations together, they're usually eating and socializing ----    Ms. Winchell. Right.    Ms. Plaskett.--and everything else before you to rise to the occasion that I think ----    Ms. Winchell. Absolutely.    Ms. Plaskett.--I can go on a personal vacation.    Ms. Winchell. That's true. But there's no ----    Ms. Winchell. Well, I think there probably was, but there's no evidence of that except in ----    Ms. Winchell. Well, Dr. Harris has said on several occasions that the close personal friendship started in 2008.    Ms. Winchell. I did not ask that question at that time because I didn't know ----    Ms. Winchell. Correct.    Ms. Plaskett.--do I have a personal friendship, when you were looking into this, did you ask him those personal questions ----    Ms. Winchell. I ----    Ms. Plaskett.--those series of questions?    Ms. Winchell. I did not ask those questions at the time.    Ms. Winchell. Yes, I did.    Ms. Winchell. Well ----    Ms. Plaskett.--counsel.    Ms. Winchell. Right.    Ms. Winchell. Okay.    Ms. Plaskett.--and I think I would have gone back and looked because I don't want the employee to get into trouble.    Ms. Winchell. Right.    Ms. Winchell. I certainly appreciate your point, and I think at the time my thought process was that the friendship had ended, so I wasn't concerned about the ongoing implications of that friendship. But I think you are making a valid point.    Ms. Winchell. Well, I don't--the hard date that I was looking at for when the friendship became a close personal friendship was 2008 to 2010, and the activity involved in his participation in the contract was prior to that time.    Ms. Winchell. Because ----    Ms. Plaskett.--have an ongoing contract with the Department of Education?    Ms. Winchell. He may have--there may be an ongoing contract, but there's no ongoing friendship at this point. In order for the appearance problem to exist, there has to be both, you know--the rules are about--this particular rule is about whether or not you have a personal interest or friendship on one hand and an official duty on the other hand. And at this point in time the friendship doesn't exist. And as I understand it, he also doesn't participate in these contracts.    Ms. Winchell. No, Danny--Dr. Harris no longer participates in the--does not participate--doesn't have a role in the implementation of the contracts.    Ms. Winchell. Well, the only participation that's detailed in the report is from 2004, 2005, 2006.    Ms. Winchell. Well, I do rely on the IG report. That's true. I assume that they do a full and thorough investigation. So I did rely on the report. I don't do a separate investigation. I don't have authority to do investigation and have actually been instructed not to investigate wrongdoing because it can interfere with the IG's ability to do their job.    Ms. Winchell. I do ask questions.    Ms. Plaskett.--you didn't think it was appropriate to speak with Danny on a more deeper level about what he was and was not doing?    Ms. Winchell. I did speak to him on a fairly deep level about how the rules apply to personal friendships, how they apply to relationships with subordinates, and also misuse of position and misuse of government equipment. We had quite--we've actually had two lengthy conversations about that over the course of the last few years focused specifically on the concerns raised in the report.    Mr. King.--of impropriety.    Mr. Meadows.--to the American people. Let me tell you what you are conveying to the American people, and more importantly, to the 4,000 workers at the Department of Education, is that you can bend the rules; it just is a matter of who you are if you are bending the rules. And that is a sad commentary here today because, Ms. Winchell, you said that you go by what the IG has, is that--that was your testimony, right?    Ms. Winchell. That's correct.    Ms. Winchell. Well, in all honesty, I'd have to go back and see exactly what the report said but ----    Ms. Winchell. I ----    Ms. Winchell. Well, I relied on the facts that they provided and on the breadth of their investigation, but I did not rely on the conclusions that they reached because I thought their conclusions were wrong.    Ms. Winchell. I came to my own conclusion based on the facts that were provided in the investigation.    Ms. Winchell. Yes, actually, it's the law that governs the financial disclosure reporting.    Ms. Winchell. It's $200 from any source. Because Dr. Harris didn't form a business, that would be over $200 from each person who paid him to provide a service in a given year. So, for example, if he installed a home AV system for--and earned $700, he would need to report that. But if he detailed a car for $74 or $100 ----    Ms. Winchell. In other words, they don't have to ----    Ms. Winchell. Well, I can't speak for why the Legislature set the $200, but the whole point of the system is to help the government identify and remediate potential--actual and potential conflicts of interest.    Ms. Winchell. Exactly.    Ms. Winchell. Mr. Harris actually has filled out his public financial disclosure form completely and in a timely manner every year. And when we have had questions that we needed to address on technical aspects of the form, he's been very responsive.