    Mr. Grothman. Thank you all for being here today. Very illuminating and I can see you all have a lot of enthusiasm for the topic.    I am going talk a little bit to Ms. Bauscher first. You talked about that the problems we have of kids throwing away their food, and I have had people lobbying me in my office on that topic and I hear anecdotal evidence of that from kids in my district. You mentioned that you were having more success and your children liked the kiwis but they were expensive. You brought that anecdote up for a reason. Do you feel if you had more money, maybe put a few more of those in the fruit cups or whatever, we could have more kids eat the food?    Mr. Grothman. Certain foods. Because some of your statistics across the board kind of surprised me. I mean, for a minute, I felt I was like in the Bangladesh house of representatives rather than the United States House of Representatives, hearing we have such a crisis of hunger apparently in our schools.    One of you mentioned that we have a hunger problem, kids zero to 5, and if there was a problem there, I would assume we would see it reflected in the measurements of our 5-year olds when they enter school. I assume we keep track of those things over time, you know, average weight and height of a 5-year old in the 2010, 2000, 1960, 1950, what have you. Do you see any changes over time in the size and the weight and height of our 5-year olds?    Mr. Grothman. Why don't I talk to Mr. Storen because he is the director of research advocacy on this stuff. I mean, some of us kind of wonder. Like I said, you guys have a little bit of a problem because we talk about this obesity epidemic and then we say we have this problem with all these people are hungry and just on first blush, they kind of are contradictory.    So I am going to ask on something that is hard. Over a period of time, when we measure our 5-year olds in this country, do we see a change in height or a change in weight before the system is able to get ahold of them?    Mr. Grothman. But we don't collect data on that, okay.    Mr. Grothman. Go ahead. No, sure.    Mr. Grothman. I will give you another thing to think about and any of you can respond to this. A while back I read something dealing with some of these food programs and that we are kind of--it used to be it was important for kids to sit around the dinner table at night and I think it is kind of an important thing to sit around the breakfast table in the morning. And, as time goes on, it becomes more--where we are sending a message to parents that is more of the government's concern and not their concern.    Does that concern you at all insofar as, you know, we are kind of taking away a role that has maybe been the most basic role the parents probably throughout all of history in kind of saying that, you know, providing breakfast for your kids, providing dinner for your kids or during summer periods, that, you know, we are beginning to change the nature of life in that we begin to make it more of a government thing than a family thing. Does that--