    Mr. Connolly. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman. I would just say I have heard my friend from California. I have got to say the logic of the Ukrainian Government made bad decisions and therefore Russia had to respond is a pretty chilling message to others in Europe, including the Baltics and former Soviet satellite states. Sovereign nations get to make decisions, even decisions that may be unpopular in the Kremlin. And they can do so without the fear of being invaded and their territory annexed illegally, and I would hope that all of us would keep that in mind.    Madam Secretary, Minsk, the Minsk agreement. Does the Minsk agreement include interalia the de-occupation and de-annexation, illegal annexation of the Crimea?    Ambassador Nuland. Congressman, it does not. It only addresses eastern Ukraine. So the problem in Crimea will continue.    Mr. Connolly. Well, but I have got a problem then with you and with our policy. You say in your statement the United States will start rolling back sanctions on Russia only when the Minsk agreements are fully implemented. Well, that means you have conceded Crimea. Is that U.S. policy?    Ambassador Nuland. It is not, sir.    Mr. Connolly. Why would you roll back--I swear I am not playing with the audience. This is a passion with me. It started with Crimea. Why would you make a statement like that? You are saying as long as you clean it up in the eastern part of the Ukraine we will roll back sanctions. That is what you say on Page 3 of your testimony.    Ambassador Nuland. I do indeed. Let me explain if I may.    Mr. Connolly. Yes.    Ambassador Nuland. Thank you for the opportunity to do so.    Over the course of 2014 we with the Europeans put in place four or five rounds of sanctions. The first two were a direct response to Crimea, and then in December we added sanctions on Crimea which effectively make it impossible for any U.S. firms to invest there. Those sanctions will not be rolled back unless there is a return of Crimea to Ukraine. So the sanctions that we are talking about rolling back are other sanctions that were applied in response to actions in eastern Ukraine, but Crimea sanctions will stay in place. And the point here is to demonstrate that if you bite off a piece of another person's country it dries up in your mouth.    Mr. Connolly. Well, but you have got kind of two categories of sanctions. Crimea sanctions and non-Crimea sanctions.    Ambassador Nuland. Yes, sir.    Mr. Connolly. Well, if you are Vladimir Putin, how seriously do you take that?    Ambassador Nuland. Well, you take it quite seriously because there is no U.S. or European investment going into Crimea now and it is incredibly expensive for them to maintain this occupation that they have now started.    Mr. Connolly. But, well, I would respectfully suggest Madam Ambassador that frankly we need to reexamine that policy, because it clearly isn't efficacious. It certainly isn't deterring behavior by Putin right now in the eastern part of the Ukraine. People are dying. You yourself in your opening statement documented illegal movement of military equipment across the border with impunity.    And it seems to me that you have unwittingly sent a message to the Kremlin, wink blink, get out of the eastern Ukraine and maybe everything can return to some sense of normalcy in the bilateral or multilateral relationship. That may not be your intended message, but when you are a KGB thug who happens to be the head of another state, the aggressor in this case, that is the message he is hearing. The evidence on the ground would suggest that is the case.    Ambassador Nuland. First of all, if I may, I think it might be helpful if we sent our sanctions team up to show you the breakdown between what we hold for Crimea and what we hold for eastern Ukraine. I think that might be----    Mr. Connolly. You mean the State Department's sanction team? Is that what you said?    Ambassador Nuland. State and Treasury, yes. If that is helpful.    Mr. Connolly. Okay. Well, that would be a novel thought having the State Department brief a Member of Congress.    Ambassador Nuland. We will make that happen as soon as they come back from Europe. But I want to make clear as I also said in my statement, we have begun consultations already this week with our European partners on deepening sanctions if we do not see Minsk implemented.    Mr. Connolly. How many violations have there been on Minsk II? We have a count that says there have been over 300 violations of the current agreement. Would that be roughly in the ballpark from your point of view?    Ambassador Nuland. I don't have the OSCE figures in front of me, but they have logged more than 100 in terms of----    Mr. Connolly. Isn't part of the problem of Minsk that there isn't really much teeth? With the best of intentions Merkel and Hollande are trying to negotiate with nothing backing it up. Wouldn't it be useful to have the United States and its NATO partners at least threatening to provide defensive equipment and defensive weapons and training for the Ukrainian military so that that is a piece of what is behind the Minsk agreements?    Ambassador Nuland. Well, as you know it was in the week leading up to Minsk that the conversation between us and our European allies about this question went public. So it is very much in the ether here. But I think equally importantly is to be in line with Europe on the additional sanctions that will be imposed if Minsk is further violated or if there is a further land grab, and that is what we are working on now.    Mr. Connolly. Thank you.    Mr. Chairman, my time is up but I want to echo, I think, your opening comments.    Mr. Connolly. One wonders when the United States Government at the State Department decides a policy is not working and rethinks it. Because people are dying because of the lack of efficacy of this policy despite the best of intentions, and I hope we come to some point where we rethink our policy with respect to the Ukraine. And Crimea. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.