    Mr. Comey. I do.    Mr. Comey. Thank you so much, Mr. Chairman, Mr. Conyers. Thank you for hosting this conversation, and for helping us all talk about an issue that I believe is the hardest issue I've confronted in government, which is how to balance the privacy we so treasure, that comes to us through the technology that we love, and also achieve public safety, which we also all very much treasure.    I worry a little bit that we've been talking past each other, both folks in the government and folks in the private sector, when it comes to this question of encryption, which we in the government call ``going dark.'' What I'd like to do is just take 3 or 4 minutes and try to frame how I think about it, in a way I hope is fair, fair-minded, and if it's not, I hope you'll poke at me and tell me where you think it's not, but these are the things I believe to be true:    First, that the logic of encryption will bring us, in the not-too-distant future, to a place where all of our conversations and all of our papers and effects are entirely private; that is, where no one can listen to our conversations, read our texts, read our emails unless we say so, and no one can look at our stuff, read our documents, read things we file away without our agreement. That's the first thing I believe, that the logic of encryption is taking us there.    The second thing I believe is, as both you and Mr. Conyers said, there's a lot of good about this, a lot of benefits to this. All of us will be able to keep private and keep protected from thieves of all kinds, the things that matter most to us, our ideas, our innovation, our secret thoughts, our hopes, our dreams. There is a lot to love about this. We will all be able to have storage spaces in our life that nobody else can get into.    The third thing I believe is that there are many costs to this. For the last two centuries, public safety in this country has depended, in large measure, on the ability of law enforcement agents going to courts and obtaining warrants to look in storage areas or apartments, or to listen with appropriate predication oversight to conversations. That is the way in which law enforcement brings us public safety. It is very, very important, and it's been part of the balance in ordered liberty, that sometimes the people's stuff can be looked at, but only with predication and only with oversight and approval by an independent judiciary.    The fourth thing I believe is that these two things are in tension in many contexts, increasingly in our national security work, and in law enforcement work, generally across the country. We see it obviously in ISIL's efforts to reach into this country, and using mobile messaging apps that are end-to-end encrypted, task people to kill innocent people in the United States. That is a huge feature of our national security work and a major impediment to our counterterrorism work, because even with a court order, what we get is unreadable; to use a technical term, it's gobbledygook. Right? We cannot decrypt that that which is covered by strong encryption.    We also see it in criminal work across the country. We see very tragically last year in Baton Rouge where a pregnant woman 8 months pregnant was killed by somebody she opened the door to. And her mom says she kept a diary, but it's on her phone, which is locked, and so the case remains unsolved.    And most recently and most prominently, as both Mr. Conyers and the Chairman mentioned, we see it in San Bernardino, a case where two terrorists, in the name of ISIL, killed 14 people and wounded 22 others at an office gathering and left behind three phones, two of which, the cheaper models, they smashed beyond use, and the third was left locked.    In any investigation that is done competently, the FBI would try to get access to that phone. It's important that it's a live, ongoing terrorism investigation, but in any criminal investigation, a competent investigator would try and use all lawful tools to get access to that device, and that's what you see happening in San Bernardino.    The San Bernardino case is about that case. It obviously highlights the broader issue and, of course, it will we looked upon by other judges and other litigants, but it is about the case and trying to do a competent job of understanding, is there somebody else? And are there clues to what else might have gone on here? That is our job.    The fifth thing I believe is that democracies resolve these kind of really hard questions through robust debate. I think the FBI's job is very, very limited. We have two jobs. The first is to investigate cases like San Bernardino, and to use tools that are lawful and appropriate. The second thing, it's our job to tell the American people, the tools you are counting on us to use to keep you safe are becoming less and less effective.    It is not our job to tell the American people how to resolve that problem. The FBI is not some alien force imposed upon America from Mars. We are owned by the American people, we only use the tools that are given to us under the law. And so our job is simply to tell people there is a problem. Everybody should care about it, everybody should want to understand if there are warrant-proof spaces in American life. What does that mean? And what are the costs of that and how do we think about that?    I don't know what the answer is. It may be the American people, through Congress and the courts, decide it's too hard to solve, or law enforcement can do its job well enough with strong encryption covering our communications and our papers and effects, or that it's something that we have to find a way to fix to achieve a better balance. I don't know. My job is to try to offer thoughtful explanations about the tools the FBI has, and to bring them to the attention of the American people, and then answer questions about that.    So I'm very, very grateful for this forum, very, very grateful for this conversation. There are no demons in this debate. The companies are not evil, the government's not evil. You have a whole lot of good people who see the world through different lenses, who care about things, all care about the same things, in my view. The companies care about public safety, the FBI cares about innovation and privacy. We devote our lives to try to stop people from stealing our innovation, our secrets, and hacking into our devices. We care about the same things, which should make this in a way an easier conversation, which I very much look forward to. Thank you.    Mr. Comey. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I smile a little bit when I hear that, because old doesn't mean bad, at least I hope it doesn't, because I'm rapidly approaching that point. The Constitution is as old or older than the All Writs Act, and I think that's still a pretty useful document.    It's a tool that I use. I think there's some Members of the Committee who are former Federal prosecutors. Every assistant U.S. Attorney knows it. I used it when I started as an AUSA in 1987. It is an Act that Congress passed when the Constitution was a baby, so there was a vehicle for judges to get their orders complied with. And it's been used many, many, many times, and interpreted by the courts many times, including by the Supreme Court.    The cases at hand are simply about, as I understand it, what is the reach of the All Writs Act. It's still good law, but how far does it extend, especially given how technology has changed. And I think the courts are going to sort that out. There was a decision yesterday in New York, there will be decisions in California. There will probably be lots of others, because this is a problem law enforcement is seeing all over the country.    Mr. Comey. Not in an intelligent way, because I haven't read the decision out of New York. I understand the basic contours of the argument. I don't fully get it, honestly, because CALEA is about data in motion, and this is about data at rest, but I also think this is the kind of thing judges do. They take acts of Congress and try to understand, so what does it mean, especially given changing circumstances. So I expect it'll be bumpy, there will be lots of lawyers paid for lots of hours of work, but we will get to a place where we have the courts with an understanding of its reach.    Mr. Comey. Well, the issue of locked phones certainly not, because it's become a----    Mr. Comey. Sure, potentially, because any decision of a court about a matter is potentially useful to other courts, which is what a precedent is. I happen to think, having talked to experts, there are technical limitations to how useful this particular San Bernardino technique will be, given how the phones have changed, but sure, other courts, other prosecutors, other lawyers for companies will look to that for guidance or to try and distinguish it.    Mr. Comey. First, I've got to quibble a little bit with the premise of your question. I hear people talk about keys or backdoors. I actually don't see that this way. I mean, there are issues about backdoors. This is about--there's already a door on that iPhone. Essentially we're asking Apple, take the vicious guard dog away; let us try and pick the lock. The later phones, as I understand the 6 and after, there aren't doors, so there isn't going to be, can you take the guard dog away and let us pick the lock.    But, look, I have a lot of faith, and maybe I don't know them well enough, in the company's ability to secure their information. The iCloud, for example, is not encrypted, right, but I don't lie awake at night worrying about whether they're able to protect the contents of the iCloud. They are very, very good at protecting their information and their innovation. So no thing is for certain, but I think these folks are pros.    Mr. Comey. I think, in general, all American companies, and I can't think of an exception sitting here, want to be helpful, especially when it comes to public safety, because they have families and children just as we do, so that's the attitude we're met with.    And in this particular case, as in many others, Apple was helpful to us. We had lots of good conversations about what we might be able to do to get this device open, and we got to place where they said, for reasons that I don't question their motive, we're not willing to go further, and the government made a decision, we still have an avenue to pursue with the judge. We'll go to the judge. But I don't question their motives.    Mr. Comey. Sure. There's no--first of all, let me say this. I've been trying to explain to people, this case in San Bernardino is about this case. And the reason I've tried to say that so much publicly is, I worry very much about the pain, frankly, to the victims in this case when they see this matter that's so important to them becoming a vehicle for a broader conversation. So I want to make sure that everybody, especially the FBI, remains grounded in the fact this is about that case. My wife has a great expression she uses to help me be a better person, which is, ``It's not about you, Dear.''    This case in San Bernardino is not about the FBI, it's not about Apple, it not about Congress, it's not about anything other than trying to do a competent investigation in an ongoing, active case. That said, of course, any decision by a judge in any forum is going to be potentially precedential in some other forum; not binding, but guidance, either positive or against. The government lost the case yesterday in Brooklyn. We could lose the case in San Bernardino, and it will be used as precedent against the government. That's just the way the law works, which I happen to think is a good thing.    Mr. Comey. Potentially, yes. If the All Writs Act is available to us and the relief under the All Writs Act as explained by the courts fits the powers of the statute, of course.    Mr. Comey. I really can't, Mr. Conyers. First of all, I don't recall a time when I've asked for a particular legislative fix. In fact, the Administration's position has been they're not seeking legislation at this time. But I also--we're investigating a horrific terrorist attack at San Bernardino. There's a phone that's unlocked that belonged to one of the killers. The All Writs Act that we've used since I was a boy, we think is a reasonable argument to have the court use the All Writs Act to direct the company to open that phone. That's what this is about. If I didn't do that, I ought to be fired, honestly.    I can also understand your frustration at the broader conversation, because it goes way beyond this case. This case will be resolved by the courts. It does not solve the problem we're all here wrestling with.    Mr. Comey. I could tell there with glow coming from your seat. That's explained by your being a member of the Tribe. Best thing ever happened to me besides--I actually met my wife there. That's the best thing that ever happened to me. Second best is that I was there.    Mr. Comey. I can't, Congressman. As you know, we don't talk about our investigations. What I can assure you is that I am very close personally to that investigation to ensure that we have the resources we need, including people and technology, and that it's done the way the FBI tries to do all of its work: independently, competently, and promptly. That's our goal, and I'm confident it's being done that way, but I can't give you any more details beyond that.    Mr. Comey. I think it might be, and that's one of the factors that I understand the courts consider in passing on an All Writs Act request, the burden to the private actor, how much it would cost them, how much time and effort? And I think Apple's argument in this case is, it would take us a ton of effort, time, and money to do it, and so that's one of the reasons we shouldn't be compelled to do it. So it's a consideration built into the judicial interpretations of the Act.    Mr. Comey. Well, there's no doubt that we have to continue to invest in training so that all of our folks are digitally literate and able to investigate in that way. The problem we face here is all of our lives are on these devices, which is why it's so important that they be private, but that also means all of criminals' and pedophiles' and terrorists' lives are on these devices, and if they can't--if they're warrant-proof, even a judge can't order access to a device, that is a big problem. I don't care how good the cop is, I don't care how good the agent is, that is a big problem. So that, we can't quite train our way around.    Mr. Comey. Right. So far as we know, correct.    Mr. Comey. Eliminated any? We have not----    Mr. Comey. We have not seen any evidence of that.    Mr. Comey. I have to--first of all, I want to choose my words very, very carefully. I said there is no evidence of direction from overseas terrorist organizations. This is a live investigation. I can't say much more beyond that. This investigation is not over, and I worry that embedded in your question was--and that you understood me to be saying that.    Second, I do think, as I understand it from the experts, there was a mistake made in that 24 hours after the attack where the County, at the FBI's request, took steps that made it hard--impossible later to cause the phone to back up again to the iCloud. The experts have told me I'd still be sitting here, I was going to say unfortunately, not unfortunately, fortunately, I'm glad I'm here, but we would still be in litigation, because, the experts tell me, there's no way we would have gotten everything off the phone from a backup. I have to take them at their word. But that part of your premise of your question is accurate.    Mr. Comey. I think there were a whole lot of conversations going on in that interim with companies, with other parts of the government, with other resources to figure out if there was a way to do it short of having to go to court.    Mr. Comey. It would not.    Mr. Comey. Sure. Encryption's always been available to bad actors, nation states----    Mr. Comey. The reason I'm hesitating is I think we're mixing together two things: data in motion and data at rest. The bad guys couldn't make their own phones, but the bad guys could always try and find a device that was strongly encrypted.    The big change here happened in the fall of 2014 when the company split from available encryption to default, and that's----    Mr. Comey . That's the shadow of going dark and----    Mr. Comey. Sure. Potentially people could say, I love this American device, but because I worry about a judge ordering access to it, I'm going to buy this phone from a Nordic country that's different in some way. That could happen. I have a hard time seeing it happen a lot, but it could happen.    Mr. Comey. Correct.    Mr. Comey. Yes. We've worked very, very hard on this. We're never going to give up, but we've worked----    Mr. Comey. Did we ask Apple for their source code? I don't--not that I'm aware of.    Mr. Comey. I'm not sure I'm following the question.    Mr. Comey. I see. We wouldn't be litigating if we could. We have engaged all parts of the U.S. Government to see does anybody that has a way, short of asking Apple to do it, with a 5C running IOS 9 to do this, and we do not.    Mr. Comey. I don't know.    Mr. Comey. Okay.    Mr. Comey. I have no idea.    Mr. Comey. First thing, I'm the Director of the FBI. If I could answer that question, there would be something dysfunctional in my leadership.    Mr. Comey. I did not ask the questions you're asking me here today, and I'm not sure I fully even understand the questions. I have reasonable confidence, in fact, I have high confidence that all elements of the U.S. Government have focused on this problem and have had great conversations with Apple. Apple has never suggested to us that there's another way to do it other than what they've been asked to do in the All Writs Act. It could be when the Apple representative testifies, you'll ask him and we'll have some great breakthrough, but I don't think so. But I'm totally open to suggestions. Lots of people have emailed ideas. I've heard about mirroring, and maybe this is what you're talking about. We haven't figured it out, but I'm hoping my folks are watching this, and if you've said something that makes good sense to them, we'll jump on it and we'll let you know.    Mr. Comey. Yeah. I don't think--I don't remember thinking about it in the context of this particular investigation, but I think about it a whole lot broadly, which is one of the things that makes it so hard. There are undoubtedly international implications, actually, I think less to the device encryption question and more to the data in motion question, but, yeah, I have no doubt that there's international implications. I don't have good visibility into what the Chinese require from people who sell devices in their country. I know it's an important topic.    Mr. Comey. No. But I think about that and a lot of similar intrusions and hacks all day long, because it's the FBI's job to investigate those and stop those.    Mr. Comey. Yes.    Mr. Comey. No.    Mr. Comey. Sure. Law enforcement increasingly encounters phones, investigations all over the place that can't be unlocked. I would mention the Baton Rouge case too.    Mr. Comey. I don't know the number. A lot.    Mr. Comey. And they are all different, which is what makes it hard to talk about any one case without being specific about what kind of phone it is.    Mr. Comey. I see. This seems like a small difference, but I think it's actually kind of a big difference. The ask, the direction from the judge is not to have Apple get us into the phones; it's to have Apple turn off by developing software that will tell the phone to turn off the auto erase and the delay features so that we can try and guess the password.    And so, in theory, if you had another 5C running iOS 9, which is what makes this relief possible--I mean it when I say it's obsolete, because I understand the 6s--there is no door for us to even try and pick the lock on, so it wouldn't work. But if there were phones in the same circumstances, sure, you could ask for the same relief from a court to try and make effective the search warrant.    Mr. Comey. Yeah. My homely metaphor was: take away the drooling watchdog that is going to attack us if we try and open it. Give us time to pick the lock.    Mr. Comey. I think that the courts are competent--and this is what we've done for 230 years--to resolve the narrow question about the scope of the All Writs Act. But the broader question we're talking about here goes far beyond phones or far beyond any case. This collision between public safety and privacy, the courts cannot resolve that.    Mr. Comey. I think Congress certainly has a critical role to play. Like I said, since the founding of this country, the courts have interpreted the Fourth Amendment and the Fifth Amendment, so they are competent. That's an independent branch of government. But I think it is a huge role for Congress to play, and we're playing it today, I hope.    Mr. Comey. I am not sure I am following you. I like the way we have to do our work, which is go to a judge in each specific case and show lawful authority and a factual basis for access to anybody's stuff.    Mr. Comey. Yeah, I see. I am sorry. I misunderstood the question.    I don't know and haven't thought about it well enough. And, frankly, I don't think that ought to be the FBI making that--offering those parameters to you. There is precedent for that kind of thing. We can only seek wire taps, for example, on certain enumerated offenses in the United States, so it has to be really serious stuff before a judge can even be asked to allow us to listen to someone's communications in the United States. It can't just be any offense. So there's precedent for that kind of thing, but I haven't thought about it well enough.    Mr. Comey. That's a legal question. In lots of different circumstances, private entities have been compelled by court order to assist, again through the All Writs Act. New York Telephone is the Supreme Court case, the seminal case on the topic.    Mr. Comey. Yeah, I don't know that that's accurate actually. I wasn't there. I don't have complete visibility. But I agreed with the questioner earlier: there was an issue created by the effort by the county at the FBI's request to try and reset it to get into it quickly.    Mr. Comey. Right. You could get in the cloud through that mechanism anything that was backup-able--to make up a word--to the cloud, but that does not solve your full problem. I think I would still be sitting here talking about it otherwise.    Mr. Comey. Yes.    Mr. Comey. In most circumstances, right. Metadata----    Mr. Comey. My understanding is we can see most of the metadata.    Mr. Comey. I was just going to say that. Metadata, as I understand it, is records of time of contact, numbers assigned to the particular caller or texter. It's everything except content. You can't see what somebody said, but you can see that I texted to you in theory.    My understanding is with text in particular, that's tricky. Particularly texting using iMessage, there's limitations on our ability to see the metadata around that. Again, I am not an expert, but that's my understanding.    Mr. Comey. My understanding is it depends upon whether you are talking historical or real time when it comes to geolocation data, but it can very much implicate the warrant requirement and does in the FBI's work a lot.    Mr. Comey. You have asked that of the FBI and not been able to get it?    Mr. Comey. Yeah, I don't have a great answer sitting here. I will find out what's been asked for and what's been given. I like the idea of giving as much transparency as possible. I think people find it reassuring, at least with respect to the FBI. To take cell phone tower simulators, we always use search warrants. And so that shouldn't be that hard to get you that information.    Mr. Comey. Social media is a feature of all of our lives, and so it's a feature of a lot of our investigations. Sometimes it gives us useful information; sometimes not. It's hard to answer in the abstract, but it's a big part of our work.    Mr. Comey. I am not a constitutional scholar. I think a scholar, if he were sitting here, might say it's not the Fourth Amendment that's the source of the right to privacy; it's other amendments of the Constitution. But that's a technical answer. The Fourth Amendment is critically important because it's a restriction on government power. You may not look at the people's stuff, their houses, their effects without a warrant and without an independent judiciary.    Mr. Comey. Again, to be technical, I think the answer is Congress has given the government that authority through statute. The Fourth Amendment is a restriction on that authority.    Mr. Comey. Yes.    Mr. Comey. Yes. You mentioned one, the so-called exigent circumstances doctrine, where if you are in the middle of an emergency and you are looking for a gun that a bad guy might have hid, you know, in a car or something, you don't necessarily have to go get the warrant. If you have the factual basis, you can do the search and then have the judge look at it and validate it.    Mr. Comey. Yeah, I think technology has allowed us to create zones of complete privacy, which sounds like an awesome thing until you really think about it. But those zones prohibit any government action under the Fourth Amendment or under our search authority.    Mr. Comey. Potentially, yes, sir.    Mr. Comey. I think that's a fair description, where we have communications where, even with the judge's order, can't be intercepted.    Mr. Comey. Yeah, I doubt that they--obviously, I doubt that they imagined the devices we have today and the ways of communicating. But I also doubt that they imagined there would be any place in American life where law enforcement with lawful authority could not go. And the reason I say that is, the First Amendment talks about the people's homes. Is there a more important place to any of us than our homes?    So from the founding of this country, it was contemplated that law enforcement could go into your house with appropriate predication and oversight. So, to me, the logic of that tells me they wouldn't have imagined any box or storage area or device that could never be entered.    Mr. Comey. I understand what you said, sir.    Mr. Comey. I think it's the kind of question that democracies were built to wrestle with and that the Congress of the United States is fully capable of wrestling with in a good way.    Mr. Comey. Same, sir.    Mr. Comey. As I understand the judge's order, the way it could work out here is that the maker of the phone would write the code, keep the phone and the code entirely in their office space, and the FBI would send the guesses electronically. So we wouldn't have the phone. We wouldn't have the code. That's my understanding of it.    Mr. Comey. I don't--I appreciate the question. I don't think that's for me to say. I do think the courts--because some people have said so in the middle of this terrorism investigation, why didn't you come to Congress? Well, because we're in the middle of a terrorism investigation. And so I think the courts will sort that out faster than any legislative body could, but only that particular case.    The broader question, as I said earlier, I don't see how the courts can resolve this tension between privacy and public safety that we're all feeling.    Mr. Comey. Do you mean making the threshold something above probable cause?    Mr. Comey. I see what you are saying. So, instead of having magistrate judges decide these questions, the district court might?    Mr. Comey. Honestly, Congressman, I haven't thought about that. I agree with you. I have a number of friends who are magistrate judges, and they are awesome. And they think well, and they rule well. I think they are fully capable of handling these issues, but I haven't thought about it well enough to react, other than that.    Mr. Comey. Thank you, Mr. Marino.    Mr. Comey. It's a great question. I think what you have to do is just talk to people on all sides of it who are true experts, which I am not, but I have also talked to a lot of experts. And I am an optimist. I actually don't think we've given this the shot that it deserves. I don't think the most creative and innovative people in our country have had an incentive to try and solve this problem.    But when I look at particular phones, in the fall of 2014, the makers of these phones could open them. And I don't remember people saying the world was ending at that point and that we're all exposed. And so I do think judgments have been made that are not irreversible. But I think the best way to get at it is talk to people about, so why do you make the phone this way, and what is the possibility?    The world I imagine is a world where people comply with warrants. How they do it is entirely up to them. Lots of phone makers and providers of email and text today provide secure services to their customers, and they comply with warrants. That's just the way they have structured their business. And so it gives me a sense of optimism that this is not an impossible problem to solve. Really, really hard, and it will involve you all talking to the people who really know this work.    Mr. Comey. Yes is the answer. We've talked to anybody who will talk with us about it, and I welcome additional suggestions. Again, you have to be very specific: 5C running iOS 9, what are the capabilities against that phone. There are versions of different phone manufacturers and combinations of model and operating system that it is possible to break a phone without having to ask the manufacturer to do it. We have not found a way to break the 5C running iOS 9.    And, as I said, in a way, this is kind of yesterday's problem because the 5C, although I am sure it's a great phone, has been overtaken by the 6 and will be overtaken by others that are different in ways that make this relief yesterday.    Mr. Comey. I will take the last part first. Sure, if we can figure it out. The problem with the safe comparison is there's no safe in the world that can't be opened. And if our experts can't crack it, we will blow it up. We will blow the door off. And so this is different. The awesome, wonderful power of encryption changes that and makes that comparison, frankly, inept.    And so, sure, where law enforcement can appropriately lawfully figure out how to do it, we will and should. But there will be occasions, and it's going to sweep across--again with the updating of phones and the changing of apps where we communicate end-to-end encrypted--it's going to sweep across all of our work and outstrip our ability to do it on our own.    Mr. Comey. That's my worry, and why I think it's so important we have this conversation. Because even I on the surface think it sounds great when people say: Hey, you buy this device; no one will ever be able to look at your stuff. But there are times when law enforcement saves our lives, rescues our children, and rescues our neighborhoods by going to a judge and getting permission by looking at our stuff.    And so, again, I come to the case of a Baton Rouge 8-month pregnant woman, shot when she opens her door. Her mom says she keeps a diary on her phone. We can't look at the diary to figure out what might have been going on in her life. Who was she texting with? That's a problem. I love privacy. But all of us also love public safety, and it's so easy to talk about. Buy this amazing device; you will be private. But you have to take the time to think: Okay. There's that, and what are the costs of that? And that's where this collision is coming in.    Mr. Comey. I think they would say what they have said, which I believe is in good faith, that we have designed this in response to what we believe to be the demands of our customers to be immune to any government warrant or our, the manufacturer's, efforts to get into that phone. We think that's what people want.    And that may be so, except I would hope folks will look at this conversation and say, ``Really, do I want that?'' and take a step back and understand that this entire country of ours is based on a balance. It's a hard one to strike, but it's so seductive to talk about privacy as the ultimate value. In a society where we aspire to be safe and have our families safe and our children safe, that can't be true. We have to find a way to accommodate both.    Mr. Comey. Thank you, sir. He'll never be forgotten.    Mr. Comey. Yeah. I think there's actually three elements to it. And I have spoken to experts. I hope I get this right. The first is what you said, which is to disable the self-destruct, auto-erase type feature. The second is to disable the feature that, between successive guesses--as I understand iOS 9, it spreads out the time, so even if we got the ability to guess, it would take years and years to guess. So do away with that function. And the third thing, which is smaller, is set it up so that we can send you electronic guesses so we don't have to have an FBI agent sit there and punch in 1-2-3-4, like that.    Mr. Comey. I don't know. It would depend on what the judge's order said. I think that's for the judge to sort out. That's my recollection.    Mr. Comey. I think it's a reasonable question. I also think it's something the judge will sort out. Apple's contention, which, again, I believe is made in good faith, is that there would be substantial risk around creating this software. On the government side, count us skeptical, although we could be wrong, because I think the government's argument is that's your business to protect your software, your innovation. This would be usable in one phone. But, again, that's something the judge is going to have to sort out. It's not an easy question.    Mr. Comey. Sure. The question that I think we're going to have litigation about is how reasonable is that concern. And, you know, slippery-slope arguments are always attractive, but I mean, I suppose you could say, well, Apple's engineers have this in their head. What if they are kidnapped and forced to write software? That's why the judge has to sort this out between good lawyers on both sides making all reasonable arguments.    Mr. Comey. Our hope is to do both, but if we have to choose, we want the information first, and then we would like it, obviously, to be in a form that could be used if there was a court proceeding against somebody someday.    Mr. Comey. Sure. That happens all the time.    Mr. Comey. Depends upon the case, but in general, that's a tool that we use, private cooperation where we may not be able to use the information in court.    Mr. Comey. Right. We have a search warrant for the phone. The guy who was possessing it is obviously dead. And the owner of the phone has consented.    Mr. Comey. Well, everyone in the United States, to some degree, has an obligation to cooperate with appropriate authority. The question that the court has to resolve under the All Writs Act is, what are the limits of that? Apple's argument is that might be okay if it requires us to hand you something we've already made to open a phone, but if we're going to make something new, that's beyond the scope of the law.    As you know, that's something the courts do every day in the United States, trying to understand the law and interpret its scope based on a particular set of facts. So that's what will be done in San Bernardino in a different context. It's being done in Brooklyn, in the drug case in Brooklyn. I think it's being done in different stages all over the country, because in investigation after investigation, law enforcement is encountering these kinds of devices.    Mr. Comey. I don't know of a--I don't know of a similar case.    Mr. Comey. Potentially, sure. If there were access tools that got loose in the wild or that could be easily stolen or available to bad people, it's a concern. As I said, a huge part of the Bureau's work is protecting privacy by fighting against those cybercriminals. So it's something we worry about every day.    Mr. Comey. I think in the particular case, we have confidence--and I think it is justified--that Apple is highly professional at protecting its own innovation, its own information. So the idea here is: You keep it. You figure out how to store it. You figure--you even take the phone and protect it. I think that's something they do pretty well, but, again, that is something the judge will sort out.    Apple's argument, I think, will be that's not reasonable because there are risks around that. Even though we're good at this, it could still get away from us. And the judge will have to figure that out, what's reasonable in that circumstance.    Mr. Comey. I do. I agree with you, except I think the case for privacy is even stronger than you said. You do have a reasonable expectation to privacy in your home, in your car, and in your devices. The government, under our Constitution, is required to overcome that by going to an independent judge, making a showing of probable cause, and getting a warrant.    What we need to talk about as a country is we're moving to a place where there are warrant-proof places in our life, and yes, these devices are spectacular, because they do hold our whole lives. They are different than a briefcase. They are different than a drawer. So it is a source with--a place with a tremendous reasonable expectation of privacy.    But if we're going to move to a place where that is not possible to overcome that, that's a world we've never lived in before in the United States. That has profound consequences for public safety. And all I am saying is we shouldn't drift there, right? Companies that sell stuff shouldn't tell us how to be. The FBI shouldn't tell us how to be. The American people should say: ``The world is different. How do we want to be?'' And figure that out.    Mr. Comey. Thank you, Mr. King.    This conversation we're having today and that I hope will continue is really important for domestic law enforcement, but it has profound implications for, among other things, our counterterrorism work. Because since Mr. Snowden's revelations, terrorist tradecraft changed, and they moved immediately to encrypted apps for their communication in trying to find devices that were encrypted, wrap their lives in encryption, because they understand the power of encryption.    And so there's no place we see this collision between our love for privacy and the security of encryption and public safety than in fighting terrorism, especially ISIL. Because for the FBI's responsibility, which is here in the United States, every day we're looking for needles in a hay stack. And, increasingly, the most dangerous needles go invisible to us, because that's when ISIL moves them to an encrypted app that's end-to-end encrypted and a judge's order is irrelevant there.    That's why this is such an urgent feature of our work. It has huge implications for law enforcement overwhelmingly, but it has profound implications in the fight against terrorism.    Mr. Comey. I don't know. I know everybody's interested in this and everybody, all thoughtful people see both sides of this and are trying to figure out how to resolve it, how to resolve it practically, how to resolve it technically. And the other challenge is--not to make it harder--there is no it. There isn't a single it. There's all different kinds of manifestations of this problem we call going dark.    So what I see is people of good will who care about privacy and safety wrestling with this. Court cases are important, but they are not going to solve this problem for us.    Mr. Comey. I do worry that it's hard to have nuanced, complicated conversations like this in an emergency and in the wake of a disaster, which is why I think it's so important we have this conversation now, because in the wake of something awful happening, it will be hard to talk about this in a thoughtful, nuanced way. And so I think that's why I so welcome the Chairman having this hearing, and having further conversations about it.    Mr. Comey. There are actually 16 other members of the U.S. intelligence community. It pains me to say this, because I--in a way we benefit from the myth that is the product of maybe too much television. The only thing that's true on television is we remain very attractive people, but we don't have the capabilities that people sometimes on TV imagine us to have. If we could have done this quietly and privately, we would have done it.    Mr. Comey. This litigation is difficult. It's especially difficult, as I said, for the people who were victimized in San Bernardino, and so we really can't. As I said, there may be other models, other permutations and combinations where we have different capabilities, but I'm here to tell you here--and, again, maybe tonight someone will call us and say: I've thought of something. Apple is very good at what it does. It's a wonderful company. It makes wonderful products, right? They have set out to design a phone that can't be opened, and they're darn near succeeding. I think with the 6 and beyond, they will have succeeded. That doesn't make them bad people, that just poses a challenge for us that we're not yet up to meeting without intervention from courts.    Mr. Comey. Not with the--I think this is what Mr. Issa was asking about. I think a lot of tech experts ask, why can't you mirror the phone in some way and then play with the mirror? For reasons I don't fully understand, not possible in this circumstance. So we do want to try and brute force the phone; that is the multiple guesses. But we need first--we'll do that ourselves, but we need removed the auto-erase function and the delay-between-guesses function, which would make us take 10 years to guess it. If we have those removed, we can guess this phone's password with our computing power in 26 minutes, is what we're told, because we have enormous computing power in the U.S. Government, but we need to be able to bring it to bear without the phone killing itself.    Mr. Comey. Yes. You're exactly right. There's a difference between, ``Hey, landlord, you have this spare key; the judge directs you to give it to us,'' and, ``Hey, landlord, we need you to make a key for this lock.''    Mr. Comey. And that's a legal question as to whether the particular statutory authority we're using here, the All Writs Act, extends to that.    Mr. Comey. We think in the government there's a reasonable argument to be made it does and should, and on the other side, lawyers for Apple argue it doesn't, and that's what the judge will sort out.    Mr. Comey. I don't know whether that's correct or not.    Mr. Comey. I think that's right. I think, obviously, their general counsels are very smart guys here; he can talk about this. But I think what they're saying is: We can do it, but it would require us to sit at a keyboard and write new code that doesn't currently exist.    Mr. Comey. Whether there's a meaningful distinction between that, and someone who already has a key legally is something a judge will have to sort out.    Mr. Comey. Yes.    Mr. Comey. I see the argument. The question the judge will have to decide is, is that a reasonable argument?    Mr. Comey. Sorry.    Mr. Comey. Go ahead.    Mr. Comey. Parts of it.    Mr. Comey. Yes.    Mr. Comey. The capability that the judge has directed Apple to provide?    Mr. Comey. I think that's the way it's--that's the procedural posture of it. There's a warrant and the judge has issued an order.    Mr. Comey. I don't know how we would if it's in Apple's possession. Unless they voluntarily gave it to someone, there would have to be a judicial process----    Mr. Comey . If they maintained it afterwards.    Mr. Comey. We are in danger of that. Until these awesome devices--and that's what makes it so painful. They're wonderful. Until this, there was no closet in America, no safe in America, no garage in America, no basement in America that could not be entered with a judge's order. We now live in a different world, and that's the point we're trying to make here. Before we drift to a place where a whole lot of other families in incredible pain look at other district attorneys and say, ``What do you mean you can't; you have a court order,'' before we drift to that place, we've got to talk about it, because privacy is awesome, but stopping this kind of savagery and murder and pedophilia and all the other things that hide in the dark spaces in American life is also incredibly important to us.    That's why this conversation matters so much, but it's also why we have to talk to each other. There are no demons in this conversation; we care about the same things. But it is urgent, and there's no more painful circumstance to demonstrate it than in the death of that beautiful woman and her baby.    Mr. Comey. The difference--and I'm going to be careful what I say in an open setting--is that some countries have different control over their infrastructure and require providers in their country to make accommodations that we do not require here to give them greater surveillance capabilities than we would ever imagine in the United States. That's the first thing.    The second thing is we are a rule of law country. The FBI is not cracking into your phone or listening to your communications except under the rule of law and going to a judge. Those are the two big differences.    But countries have capabilities and, in part, based on accommodations that device makers and providers have made in those countries that are different than in this country.    Mr. Comey. First of all, I would expect security companies and technology companies to continue to try and improve their security. That's why it's important that all of us talk about this, because it's not the company's job to worry about public safety, right? It's the FBI's job, Congress's job, and a lot of other folks in the government, so I don't put that on the companies. But the other thing that concerns me a little bit is this sense that if we have a world where people comply with government warrants, it must be insecure. And I don't buy that, because there are lots of providers today of email service, of tech service who have highly secure systems who, because of their business models, visualize the information in plain text on their servers so they comply with court orders. I have not heard people say their systems are insecure. They simply have chosen a different business model.    So I actually don't think it's--again, a lot of people may disagree with me. I actually don't think in the main it's a technological problem. It's a business model problem. That doesn't solve it, but that gets us away from this it's impossible nonsense.    Mr. Comey. I agree.    Mr. Comey. Vital.    Mr. Comey. I think the courts have a job to, in particular cases, interpret the laws that Congress has passed throughout the history of this country to try and decide: The government is seeking this relief; does that fit within the statute? That's the courts' job, and they're very, very good at it.    The larger societal problem we have is this collision--that I think you've said well--between privacy and security; very difficult to solve it case by case by case. We have to ask ourselves, how do we want to govern ourselves? If you are a manufacturer of devices in the United States or you provide communication services in the United States, what are our, as a country, what are our expectations of you and demands of you? It's hard for me to see that being worked out on a common law basis, honestly, but it's going to be, because the issue is joined every single day in our law enforcement work. If nobody else gets involved, the courts will have to figure it out.    Mr. Comey. Correct.    Mr. Comey. Correct. I hope not.    Mr. Comey. I don't know that they've questioned their motives, in the sense that attributed sort of that they're acting with evil intent or something. I think they've--I remember a filing the department said where they think a lot of Apple's position has to do with its market power, which I, frankly, is not an illegitimate motive.    Mr. Comey. Yeah. And I think that's--that's fair. I bet that's accurate. Apple has a legal obligation--because I used to be the general counsel of a public company--to maximize shareholder value. They're a business, and so I would hope that's part of their motivation. And it's not a bad thing if it's entirely their motivation. Their job is not to worry about public safety. That is our job, all of us in this room who work for the government.    Mr. Comey. Yes.    Mr. Comey. Yes.    Mr. Comey. I agree with that very, very much.    Mr. Comey. I'm not.    Mr. Comey. I'm----    Mr. Comey. I don't know that Bill said that, but I'm not going to characterize it that way. I don't think they're acting irresponsibly. I think they're acting as a corporation in their self-interest, which is the way--which is the engine of innovation and enterprise in this country.    Mr. Comey. I hope not. I mean, I hope part of it is, and that's a voice to listen to, but they sell phones. They don't sell civil liberties. They don't sell public safety. That's our business to worry about.    Mr. Comey. I agree completely.    Mr. Comey. I don't agree with that framing, because it sounds like you're framing it as we either have privacy or we have unfettered access by bad actors. I don't accept that premise.    Mr. Comey. Yeah.    Mr. Comey. I naturally quibble because I'm a lawyer, but I'm just stuck on ``unfettered''----    Mr. Comey . But one of the obstacles to access to a device----    Mr. Comey. Okay.    Mr. Comey. Correct. Correct.    Mr. Comey. I think that's right.    Mr. Comey. Yeah. I think if you don't back up your system to the cloud, there's nothing in the cloud that could be obtained by a warrant.    Mr. Comey. I think that's right for the 5C. I think that's right. And folks from Apple could tell you better. I think for the later models, it's not a choice, but I think it's a--I'm reasonably confident it's a choice for the 5C.    Mr. Comey. Okay.    Mr. Comey. I understand that to be Apple's argument. I don't know enough about the other possible comparisons to give you a thoughtful response, but, yes, I understand that.    Mr. Comey. I see that. I mean, I heard someone earlier say there's a difference between a landlord who has a key in his pocket and you say, ``You got to give us the key,'' and, ``You don't have one. Go make one for that door.''    Mr. Comey. And the question for the judge is what's----    Mr. Comey. Yeah.    Mr. Comey. Yes.    Mr. Comey. That is correct. And I don't know. I think--I could be wrong, but I think the phone in the case from Brooklyn is different, maybe both the model and the IOS, the operating system is different, but for this--I can tell you, and, again, people know the sound of my voice--if you've got an idea, let us know, but 5C IOS 9, we do not have that capability----    Mr. Comey . Again, to disable. The problem is we can get into that phone with our computing power if they take off the auto-erase and the delay-between-guesses function. We will get into that phone.    Mr. Comey. No, I don't agree with that.    Mr. Comey. Well, the government's already asked the court and made the argument under the court that the All Writs Act vests in the judiciary the ability to order this relief. That's what the court case is going to be about.    Mr. Comey. Yeah. I'm not prepared to make a recommendation, but I think I get your question now. If the judges are right you that can't use the All Writs Act for this relief, what should Congress do to grant the relief? And I'm not prepared to tell you specifically what to do. I do think it's something that Congress is going to have to wrestle with.    Mr. Comey. Thank you.    Mr. Comey. Thank you, sir.