    Mr. Roth. Good afternoon, Chairmen Jordan and DeSantis, chairman member--Ranking Members Cartwright and Lynch, and members of the subcommittee. Thank you for inviting me here to today to discuss DHS' collection of prosecutorial discretion data.    DHS has instituted various policies over time that allow the use of prosecutorial discretion in making immigration enforcement decisions. However, the Department does not collect or use such data to help assess immigration policy, evaluate the effectiveness and results of enforcement actions, or be able to assess the reasonableness of the exercise of that discretion on the part of DHS personnel.    Since DHS' formation in 2003, ICE has implemented various policies to focus its efforts on criminal and civil enforcement priorities. It has also used policies for processing aliens with special circumstances, such as crime victims and witnesses, nursing mothers and the elderly, as well as ensuring that enforcement actions are not focused on sensitive locations, such as schools and churches.    At the time of our audit, ICE's removal actions were governed by a series of policy memoranda signed by then-ICE Director John Morton in March and June of 2011 and focused its enforcement resources on three things: One, aliens who pose a danger to national security or risk to public safety; two, aliens who recently violated the immigration controls at the border and ports of entry or knowingly abused the visa process; and, three, aliens who were fugitives or otherwise obstruct immigrations controls.    Additionally, a year later, in 2012, the Department issued guidance, known as the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals, known as DACA, which allows the use of prosecutorial discretion to defer action or release some aliens who came to the United States as children and meet other criteria. Despite its reliance on discretion to prioritize enforcement resources, ICE often does not collect prosecutorial discretion data and does not always ensure that its statistics are accurate and complete. For example, ICE records its use of prosecutorial discretion broadly, without distinguishing the various types of exceptions to removal, such as DACA-related exceptions.    Additionally, prosecutorial discretion statistics may be inaccurate because enforcement officers may not document every encounter with aliens it considers to be a low enforcement priority. ICE officials told us that field personnel often do not record their use of prosecutorial discretion because it is too time-consuming. As a result, data that supports decisions on the use of prosecutorial discretion may not be available.    DHS should ensure it can support its decisions with solid data. A feedback mechanism for the use of prosecutorial discretion could help DHS identify gaps, set goals, determine budget requirements, and provide information to improve program performance. In terms of overall immigration enforcement policy, such a mechanism could help develop sound future programs and policies. In addition to assisting in the overall policymaking process, capturing the right information would allow the Department to ensure that the proper and evenhanded application of the policies exist.    As it stands now, there's no mechanism by which to assess the reasonableness of an individual officer's exercise of discretion to compare prosecutorial discretion decisions for similarly situated aliens or to compare the use of prosecutorial discretion by various field offices. This data, if collected, could also be used to evaluate the performance of individual officers or field offices.    Uneven or inconsistent policy enforcement can have a negative effect on DHS' immigration enforcement mission. Here because the Department does not collect data on, much less monitor the use of prosecutorial discretion, we are unable to determine whether the Department is using prosecutorial discretion consistently or fairly.    The Department agreed with our recommendations in our audit to improve collection and analysis and reporting of data on the use of prosecutorial discretion. DHS is planning a multipronged approach for assessing and accounting for its immigration enforcement efforts. We believe such a strategy is particularly important given that over the last two fiscal years, ICE, CBP, and USCIS collectively received on average about $21 billion annually for immigration enforcement.    Chairmen DeSantis and Jordan, this concludes my prepared statement. I'd be happy to answer any questions you or members of the committee may have.    Mr. Roth. We are in the process of doing the field work on this, yes.    Mr. Roth. Sure. We're conducting interviews as we speak, reviewing emails, doing the kinds of things that we would typically do. My projected timeline is hopefully weeks, not months, but I can't give you a firmer date than that.    Mr. Roth. That is correct.    Mr. Roth. Yes. It's best to do it by example. For example, if ERO officers go into, say, a house to look for a specific violent felon, there might be three or four other individuals that would be susceptible to deportation. By the fact that those officers exercise prosecutorial discretion on those individuals means it's really invisible to the policymakers as to, one, who's exercising prosecutorial discretion and why? Is it uniform across the country? Should it be uniform across the country? Are there categories of individuals for, perhaps, we should not exercise prosecutorial discretion, in other words, try to refine the policy as we go? It's really a fundamental sort of precept of good government that you ought to be able to record and measure the activities that you do.    Mr. Roth. They did not as far as prosecutorial discretion. Obviously, they capture a number of different data points of information with regard to the number of apprehensions, the number of deportations, those kinds of things, estimates of the number of individuals illegally in the United States. But they do not capture what we think is an important thing, which is the exercise of discretion.    Mr. Roth. That's correct.    Mr. Roth. Absolutely.    Mr. Roth. We were not able to simply because we don't know how often prosecutorial discretion is used. I think, as Director Saldana noted, we know how much is used later on in the process, when ICE lawyers, for example, take people out of the system. The thing that we don't know--and we think we should know, and the Department agrees that they should know--is how often that discretion is exercised at the very point of encounter, which, as you know, would be the most cost-effective way to do it. But until we actually understand what we're talking about, it's impossible to do a cost-benefit.    Mr. Roth. The number of times you use the discretion should be able to be quantified. Now, the reasons that you use it or the judgment that is used is, obviously, something that will vary depending on sort of what situation the officer has. But the raw numbers themselves, and if I could just use an example, we wrote an audit of the workforce enforcement that ICE does. And there they do collect statistics. And one of the things that jumped out at us in that audit was the fact that, for example, New Orleans 5 percent of the time imposed fines, yet Chicago did it 35 percent of the time. That raises the obvious question, how is Chicago different than New Orleans? It might be perfectly appropriate. But it certainly raises questions that you want to ask. So until you collect that data, though, you're not even going to be able to understand which questions you should ask.    Mr. Roth. The criminal history in their country of origin. For example, if it's a Mexican national, they may not be able to have the criminal history that may have occurred within their country of origin.    Mr. Roth. Well, they're not able to evaluate it in the use of their discretion.    Mr. Roth. This is a vulnerability that we found during the course of our fieldwork that we notified ICE of. But my understanding is largely the answer is no.    Mr. Roth. Well, I'm not 100 percent sure as to which countries and what parts of ICE may have access to that information.