    Mr. Richmond. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Thank you for convening this hearing on DHS' responsibilities in helping all of the Federal agencies secure their cyber networks and databases.    I want to welcome our witnesses, Dr. Ozment, Mr. Wilshusen, and Dr. Gerstein. Thank you for taking the time to appear before us today.    Securing the Federal Government's networks and databases is a monumental task. DHS has been charged with the primary task to coordinate and provide cybersecurity guidance for the many Federal agencies, critical infrastructure sectors, and Government programs, whether it be Government, personnel information, Classified background information, patents, taxpayer data, nuclear facilities, health records, port complexes, or any number of other vital Government services.    However, under the Federal Information Security Modernization Act of 2014, FISMA, the White House Office of Management and Budget is responsible for Federal information security, oversight, and policy issuance.    However, OMB executes its responsibilities in close coordination with its Federal cybersecurity partners, including the Department of Homeland Security and the Department of Commerce's National Institute of Standards and Technology.    Both state and non-state actors are attempting to breach our Government and commercial systems. As President Obama said a few days ago, this problem is not going to go away. It is going to accelerate.    I think we all recognize that certifying the security of information on the Federal Government's networks and systems should remain a core focus of the administration as we here in Congress should continue to be looking at innovative solutions that provide DHS with the authorities to respond quickly to the new challenges as they arise, and Congress must continue our search for legislative initiatives that will help further protect our Nation's critical networks and systems.    As a result of the latest Government network breaches, we have been told that OMB has launched a 30-day cybersecurity sprint, a review and recommendations effort. The review team is made up of OMB, the White House E-Gov Cyber National Security Unit, the National Security Council Cybersecurity Directorate, the Department of Homeland Security, and Department of Defense, among other agencies.    As part of the effort, OMB has instructed Federal agencies to immediately take a number of steps to protect Federal information and assets and improve the resilience of Federal networks.    Specifically, Federal agencies must immediately deploy indicators provided by DHS which can identify priority threat active techniques and tactics and procedures and tools to scan systems and check logs; No. 2, patch critical vulnerabilities without delay and report to OMB and DHS on the progress and challenges within 30 days; No. 3, tighten policies and practices for privileged users; and, No. 4, dramatically accelerate implementation of multi-factor identification, especially for privileged users.    While I am pleased to see the White House taking immediate action, all of the above efforts are generally recognized as security measures that should already be in place, especially in vital Government networks.    I hope to hear today from our witnesses a clear explanation why many of the standard recognized security practices were not in place in Federal agencies and clearly identify the plan that DHS has to make sure and certify that Federal agencies' cybersecurity standards are up to date.    Of particular interest to me in my district and I know to others on this subcommittee is the status of port cybersecurity. Overall maritime ports handle more than $1.3 trillion in cargo annually. The operations of these ports are supported by information and communications systems that, like all other network systems, are susceptible to cyber-related threats.    Failures in these systems could degrade or interrupt operations at ports, including the flow of commerce. Federal agencies--in particular, DHS--and industry stakeholders have specific roles in protecting maritime facilities and ports from physical and cyber threats.    GAO did an audit last year of maritime port cybersecurity efforts to assess actions taken by DHS and two of its front-line component agencies, the U.S. Coast Guard and FEMA, as well as other Federal agencies.    The GAO found that, while the Coast Guard initiated a number of activities and coordinating strategies to improve physical security in specific ports, it has not conducted a risk assessment that fully addresses cyber-related threats, vulnerabilities, and consequences.    The report also noted that FEMA identified enhancing cybersecurity capabilities as a funding priority for the first time in 2013.    I look forward to today's testimony on both of these issues. It will be crucial that stakeholders appropriately plan and allocate resources to protect ports and other maritime facilities from increasingly persistent and pervasive cyber intrusions.    With that, Mr. Chairman, I yield back.    Mr. Richmond. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Dr. Ozment, Mr. Wilshusen, let me just ask a question. It is something I have always toyed with.    I will start with Dr. Ozment. How much do you all spend yearly on cybersecurity? Do you have an idea?    Mr. Richmond. I guess I was asking those questions because, as we continuously focus on Government spending and spending alone without looking at return on investment, without looking at threats, and we continue to hear the mantra of ``We are going to do less with more''--I guess my general question becomes--and I think of it in terms of defending President Bush and the fact that colleagues on my side of the aisle like to say he squandered a surplus and, also, defending President Obama in terms of looking at the National debt.    We have expenses we didn't have before. Before 9/11, you didn't have TSA. Now, with the proliferation of the internet and, as the Chairman just mentioned, the criminals and the nation-states that are attempting to do bad things on the internet, we didn't have those costs before.    So I am just trying to get a sense of--do you think that this is an area where we can do less with more or do you think this is an area where you think we are going to have to continue to invest funds and resources to keep the .gov, .com, .org, all of those domains, safe?    Mr. Richmond. My final question would be back to Dr. Ozment. That is: How can your office accelerate the Department's cyber strategy that confronts Federal targets, but still maintain its focus on National critical infrastructure needs against aggressive, persistent, malicious actors that continue to target our Nation's critical infrastructure, for example, for me, our ports? Do you need additional resources to do that? If so, what do you think the ticket price is?    Mr. Richmond. With that, Mr. Chairman, I yield back.    Mr. Richmond. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I will try not to take up all of my time.    I will start where my colleague Mr. Perry left off. You know, as I think of sports and other things, even war, I mean, the best defense is a good offense.    So the question for me becomes maybe not the shotgun approach. But what about the Trojan horse approach, that we embed in all of our information something that, if you ever take all of our information, we just activate it, which wipes your computer out?    Look, I am not a programmer. I don't know code. I don't know any of that. But there are people that do. I would just think that we should be able to be in a position that we can put land mines in all of our data that we can activate whenever we need to activate it. If you just happen to have it by accident, so be it, because you shouldn't have it.    Because I think that, you know, for folks back home, the major concern is about our ability to sense these threats, our ability to stop them. I guess the pervasive question is just, where does it end? I don't think anybody fears us enough to not do this.    So the question becomes: Is there anything we can do besides defense to make hackers think twice about messing with us or our information?    Mr. Richmond. I will yield the remainder of my time to my colleague, Mr. Perry.