    Ms. Lujan Grisham. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman. Chief Weller and Administrator, thank you very much for being here. I agree, the entire Committee, appreciates your efforts and diligence. And the update of that, how we are proceeding and updating the latest investments and new authorities in the farm bill. Chief Weller, in your testimony and in your written testimony as well, you have mentioned the importance of the conservation programs and investments and their impact on yields and endangered species listings. Specifically today you talked about two, the Louisiana black bear and the Oregon chub. I really appreciate that because in that context, that is what we all want those positive end results, but I continue to hear, of course, concerns in my state and district from landowners and the industry about how listing of a species impacts their livelihood and their businesses. And I also hear, frankly and interestingly enough, those same concerns from environmental and conservation groups on how species population numbers and those critical habitats continue to shrink.    It is clear to me that both these groups may have a different means to an end, but they are concerned, quite frankly, about the very same things. They want to protect species. And they want to prevent listings. And I have seen stakeholders from many different backgrounds, frankly, come together and work toward this goal very successfully. And I will give you an example. In 2011, the oil and gas industry in my state was very concerned about the dunes sagebrush lizard listing that would eliminate drilling in the Permian Basin which produces 20 percent of all the oil in the lower 48 states. Now, as you might imagine, this has a significant set of consequences not only for my state and district, but for the entire country. Now, thankfully, the listing was avoided because landowners in New Mexico and Texas proactively took steps to remove the threats to the listing on 600,000 acres which covered 88 percent of the lizard's habitat. What I would love to do is replicate those efforts as often as I can. And I believe, of course, that NRCS is in a position to encourage real innovation.    What I worry about, however, is that stakeholders continue to tell me they don't have the information or the resources that they need to adequately participate in the conservation programs or to collaborate effectively so that they can have those kind of results. So I would love it if you would walk me through and describe what kind of outreach is going on, how are we educating and engaging landowners in the conservation programs. And as you do that, how you are encouraging them, as you reach out to that group of stakeholders, to have relationships with the environmental community, not only in their communities and their states but around the country so that you achieve the successes that you identified in your testimony and I identified in my question.    Ms. Lujan Grisham. Can you give me a little more specificity about that partnership, I have about 40 seconds left, really looking at how I help my folks know exactly what to do.    Ms. Lujan Grisham. Thank you.    The Chairman. I thank the gentlelady. Now I am pleased recognize Mr. Lucas, for 5 minutes.    Ms. Lujan Grisham. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman, and I want to thank the entire panel. It is gratifying to hear about the successes, and we really are working diligently to make sure that we are organized in such a fashion to make sure that with the limited resources that we have available to USDA for the farm bill, that we are doing the very best that we can, but it is also important for us to hear about where those gaps are.    Mr. Van Dyke, it is wonderful to have you here, and it is impressive that NACD is involved in over 100 RCPP projects across the country, and having you as a partner in those projects, I know, unequivocally, really helped in moving them and getting them off the ground.    In your testimony, you discuss how the RCPP program has allowed you to form new partnerships that were previously impossible in the other programs like the traditional EQIP and CSP programs.    And I am most encouraged to hear about your work with the acequias. And I have talked a little bit about acequias, and now the Chairman is familiar, and we are working hard to get the entire Committee, but acequia refers, when they talk about the New Mexico ditches, to a traditional communal irrigation system, and it dates back literally to the Spanish colonial area from the 1500s, and they play a very significant and very critical role not only in our history and our culture, but that is how we continue today to deliver water for agricultural areas, particularly in rural areas.    And their involvement in conservation programs then, is critical to long-term success and broad and significant participation by New Mexico, and it highlights that there are going to be unique circumstances around the country that we are going to have to identify and encourage in order to take the full use of these programs.    I would love it, Mr. Van Dyke, if you could give me some specific examples about how the flexibility has changed the dynamic in other areas, what that means to the program overall, and how these efforts really assisted you to expand these partnerships and roles.    Ms. Lujan Grisham. With the limited time I have left, and I really appreciate your leadership here and your stewardship, and really, Mr. Chairman, I wanted to highlight that if we don't have the flexibility, these programs can often work against us as we try to leverage those resources to create partnerships. And we talk about drought driven and economic situations that are not stable and have been really damaging, frankly devastating to states like New Mexico and other states in the Southwest, this is the only way to leverage those limited resources, create relationships and partnerships that make the best out of conserving and providing opportunities for farmers and ranchers.    So I want to thank you again for your leadership and I want to thank the entire panel for highlighting those efforts and successes around the country.    The Chairman is doing something that is very unique in these committees, which I hope reflects that this is a very bipartisan Committee. He said that basically I could ask anything I want and talk as long as I want, and that has----    The Chairman. Now, wait a minute. The gentlelady can yield--or consume as much time as she desires.    Ms. Lujan Grisham. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I really, I don't have any other specific questions. I will end with if you, anybody on this panel can identify other ways in which we might encourage USDA in the context of limitations about how flexible some of those programs can be, but they also ought to be in a position as they really look at leveraging that flexibility that meets the needs of all partners around the country and takes into account the different nuances in each of the regions.    I would be interested, and Mr. Chairman, perhaps we could get ideas funneled back to the Committee about ways in which we should be preparing to even highlight and identify additional places where we could be more flexible and make more programs available.    I am working on making sure that EQIP works for a group that is not a local body of government but operates in that way in their land-grants, and so there are still areas where we are not getting to the right groups the resources that they need, and those ideas would be very meaningful to me, and they would be meaningful to the Committee as we continue to do our work.    Thank you all very much. I yield back, Mr. Chairman.    The Chairman. I thank the gentlelady. I will have a line of questioning here.    Ms. Martynick, in your testimony you referenced that in your experience a federally funded project could take as long as 2 years to complete, but a state or county funded project could be completed in 6 months or less. In your opinion, why the difference? Why does it take so much longer to complete a federally funded project?