    Mr. Takano. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Following on Mr. Lamborn's questioning, your report states that according to Mr. Pummel, quote, the VA Chief of Staff at the time said that an SES employee's salary could be increased as long as the executive was moving to a different location, end quote, despite OPM guidelines preventing SES employees from annual pay increases and establishing a salary cap. Was the VA Chief of Staff correct? I understand that for many other transfers you examined, employee responsibility decreased, which was not reflected in their salaries. And it is essentially a similar question that Mr. Lamborn asked. So was the Chief of Staff's statement correct?    Mr. Takano. Okay.    Mr. Takano. Okay. I would like to know if under current OPM policy SES employees are allowed a pay increase when being transferred?    Mr. Takano. They go to a different position and it is more responsibilities.    Mr. Takano. All right. Well how can the VA ensure that when employees transfer into a position with less responsibility, their new salary reflects that decreased responsibility? Is it through the rewrite of regulations? Or----    Mr. Takano. So that must be systemic. It has to be beyond just the VA. It has to be a systemic policy determined by the Office of Personnel Management. Well----    Mr. Takano. The PCS and AVO programs were created for a reason, to help ensure that the federal government is able to get the right people into the right jobs and to fill vacancies, particularly in high level positions. I know that the VHA in particular has had a tough time filling vacancies. Do you know if VBA faces a similar problem as the VHA?    Mr. Takano. You already answered that there was not, in the particular example in Philadelphia, that there was not a shortage of candidates. You had 120 candidates. But I want to ask a more general, is there, might that be an exception? Are there, is there a shortage of suitable candidates for high level positions at VBA? Or you are not able to really answer that question?    Mr. Takano. Okay. My last question was does the VBA have trouble recruiting talent? And that is probably something----    Mr. Takano. Okay, thank you. I yield back, Mr. Chairman.    The Chairman. Thank you very much. A quick question, was the Philadelphia RO position ever advertised?