    Mr. Owens. Good morning, Chairman Rokita, Chairman Kline, Ranking Member Fudge, and Ranking Member Scott, and honorable members of this committee.    My name is Ryan Owens, and I am the executive director of the Cooperative Council for Oklahoma School Administration. Thank you for the opportunity to be here today. CCOSA represents all of Oklahoma's public, private, and charter school administrators. With more than 2,700 members actively serving almost 700,000 students, we work each day to give voice to the issues impacting educational attainment in the Sooner State.    In the interest of brevity, I am not going to detail the specifics of the proposed regulations. I am going to focus my comments on the realities that school districts and superintendents will face in implementing the proposed rule, and what it could mean for the students they serve.    Over 66 percent of school sites in Oklahoma qualify as Title I. Superintendents in Oklahoma and across the Nation are acutely aware of the consequences of inequitable resource allocation. Prescriptive regulations like these are not the solution. These regulations create new administrative burdens and encourage compliance-driven decisionmaking, which robs communities of their ability to govern their local schools.    It would be far more helpful for the department to issue technical assistance that instructs States and districts about how to achieve the goal of equitable distribution of resources.    In seeking to equalize State and local spending among schools, the proposed regulations, while noble in their goal, reach far beyond the intent of ESSA, which merely requires LEAs to demonstrate that Title I schools receive at least as much State and local funds as they would otherwise receive if they were not a Title I school.    Currently, in Oklahoma, site level administrators are given the flexibility to assess student needs and determine the amount of resources necessary to facilitate instruction. Under the proposed regulation, district administration will have to override school level decisions to ensure balanced resource allocation between Title I and non-Title I schools without regard to how those resources are used to benefit children.    The proposed rule is focused on teacher salaries as part of the calculation for equitable resource allocation among Title I and non-Title I schools. Destroying stability within classrooms and among schools is a major concern as last-minute movement of staff and other resources is likely in districts with multiple sites.    Due to our State's budget crisis, Oklahoma schools have eliminated over 1,500 teaching positions and we still have over 500 vacancies systemwide. How will Oklahoma districts using long-term substitutes and larger class sizes satisfy a requirement for equalized spending when the resource to be measured, teachers, does not exist?    If the proposed rule becomes law, cost variability with enrichment programs will no longer be tolerable due to the need for uniform spending among Title I and non-Title I schools. For example, John Marshall Mid-High School in Oklahoma City Public Schools, a Title I school, offers students the opportunity to participate in a Finance Academy where they learn about the finance industry and work with university accounting students to file income tax statements at no cost for eligible Oklahomans. This is the type of specialized program at risk under the proposed rule.    Another concern is enforcement of the proposed rule, and what will happen to districts if they fall out of compliance.    The proposed regulation is silent about the meaning of key terms, as was mentioned. We are all left confused about what it means to allocate ``almost all'' of State and local funds to school sites. The lack of clarity and the meaning of key terms in the proposed rule increases the risk of uneven enforcement.    Recently, in Oklahoma, in one school, there was a profoundly disabled student that was required to be served out of State. The annual cost for these services exceeded $250,000. Would these costs be included in a compliance calculation for equitable fund distribution and, if so, how would a district equalize the effect of such allocation?    Will local bond levies or maintenance of the physical plant be included in these cost calculations and, if so, will the proposed rule seek to override the decision of local voters by equalizing construction and improvement among Title I and non-Title I schools?    The proposed rule could undermine local support for future bond issues as it could get harder to pass bond issues in compliance with the rule.    ESSA recognized that those closest to students and schools had the best hope for improving learning conditions. The regulations proposed by the department take away the very flexibility ESSA guarantees.    I respectfully ask that the department revisit the proposed regulations and require of schools only what ESSA demands, which is to demonstrate that Title I schools receive as much State and local funds as they would otherwise receive if they did not participate in Title I.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Owens. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I think again the test that is created in statute is the one that should drive the work of the department, which is very clearly whether the Title I schools receive all the State and local funds to which they were entitled, which is far and away very different than trying to look at an equalization of expenditures of State and local resources.    Mr. Owens. Thank you, Representative Thompson. I would just echo Dr. Canavero's statements regarding the career technical component. In Oklahoma, we have Statewide open enrollment, open transfer, so students can move freely between districts, when they get within the open enrollment process, to access the programs that are most beneficial to them and meeting their needs.    So again, any of those programs that have cost variability components really become intolerable under a rule that really promotes uniformity of spending. So the example I cited in my testimony that the Financial Academy, at the Title I school, John Marshall Mid-High, has a banking center inside the school, it brings students from universities in to help Oklahomans do their taxes, those costs that you can't control at a district level become programs that have to be wiped away.    Mr. Owens. Thank you, Representative Polis. As I understand the 2015 guidance and regulations, it provides much more flexibility to my members to assess the needs of their students and deploy resources accordingly, which is not as - the flexibility is not as visible to us in the proposal today from the department in terms of the methodologies that would be prescribed for districts that result in uniform spending per student.    Mr. Owens. Thank you, Representative Adams. Certainly, the superintendent is the last voice for children at a school district, and if they ever exercise their authority to override a school level decision, it should be done based on the best interest of an individual child, not in an effort to be in compliance with a Federal regulation.    Mr. Owens. Thank you, Representative Davis. In my testimony, what we suggest from Oklahoma is that the U.S. Department of Education, if the numbers are accurate, and I do not have the capacity to evaluate whether it is 10 percent of schools that would be out of compliance with the special rule or 20 percent, I do not know what that number is, but if the number is at that 10 percent mark, would it not make more sense for the Department of Education to provide individualized special treatment for districts that have been identified as not investing an appropriate amount of State and local funds in their Title I schools because they received Title I funds, rather than passing a sweeping regulation that impacts so many districts that either do not fall under the rule but nevertheless have to do the paperwork associated with it to show they are in compliance.    I am king of a simple think, I like analogies, so for me, it is as if we are going to buy a new car because we have a flat tire, when we could just replace the tire.    So if we know there is just a small percentage that are out of compliance, we should direct our energy and our effort there.    Mr. Owens. Thank you, Ranking Member Fudge. I believe that is the answer, if the department--    Mr. Owens. You could use the language from the statute itself where the LEA has to demonstrate to the State Department of Education that each Title I school received at least as much State and local funds as it would have otherwise received absent its status as Title I.    Mr. Owens. Well, the rule has a heavy focus on the spending within Title I schools and non-Title I schools as adjusted for personnel or per pupil, and without auditable standards around what that looks like, there is confusion at the district level as to how the State will interpret. There is confusion at the State level as to how the Federal department will interpret.