    Ms. Norby. Chairman Pitts, Ranking Member Green, and members of the committee, thank you for holding today's hearing highlighting these important legislative issues.    My name is Sandra Norby, and I appreciate the opportunity to discuss my strong support for H.R. 556, the Prevent Interruptions in Physical Therapy Act of 2015.    I would like to especially thank Congressmen Bilirakis and Lujan for their sponsorship of this legislation.    I am a physical therapist and a member of the American Physical Therapy Association and its private practice section. My small business consists of five clinics in Iowa in communities with populations ranging from 500 to 9,000.    One of APTA's policy priorities is to improve access to care by physical therapists through the elimination of regulatory, legal, and payment policy barriers that impede patient care. Physical therapy is part of the comprehensive care model; therefore, it is high time that access to PT also receives the same protections against unavoidable absences by the therapy provider.    H.R. 556 would improve access to care by providing needed regulatory relief with a simple technical fix. This bill would allow PTs to enter into locum tenens arrangements with other qualified therapists on a temporary basis in cases such as illness, pregnancy, or jury duty. This arrangement is available to numerous Medicare providers, but physical therapists were overlooked and are not included in the law that permits locum tenens.    This means PTs in private practice are unable to be absent from the clinic, even in an emergency, without interrupting a Medicare patient's episode of care. Such interruption results in potential regression in the patient's condition. When care is resumed, the Medicare patient is likely to require more visits to achieve the original therapy goals, than what would have been realized sooner, had a locum tenens therapist been allowed. Thus, not allowing a locum tenens for PTs has the potential to increase costs to the Medicare program.    It is currently possible to hire a substitute for a planned leave by arranging for a PT to be added to the practice's Medicare certification. However, such an arrangement is not realistic for emergencies or a short-term option. The certification process is complicated and time consuming, taking 2 to 3 months under the best of circumstances, and includes an on-site visit. This cumbersome time requirement is certainly a reason that numerous other Medicare providers are permitted to use locum tenens arrangements. It only makes sense that PTs are afforded the same options.    Practicing in rural communities, as I do, my colleagues and I are often the only physical therapists in town. When we have to be gone from our clinic, our practice must turn away our Medicare patients or take extraordinary measures for them to continue their care. During a recent maternity leave for one of my therapists, I spent 12 weeks driving from my home 3 hours away, sleeping at the clinic most nights, in order for our Medicare patients to receive their care.    Under locum tenens, a clinic like mine would be allowed to bill and receive payment for the replacement therapist services. Built-in safeguards control fraud and abuse as all locum tenens arrangements must meet regulatory standards that includes identification of services on the Medicare claim form and a 60-day limit to use the provider.    Senator Charles Grassley recently received a letter stating quote: ``CMS does not have evidence indicating that locum tenens, as used by physicians under current law, has led to a general increase in utilization of services; or that industry practices generally lead to the provision of unnecessary services related to the use of locum tenens; or that the use of locum tenens under current law in the Medicare program is generally inappropriate, wasteful, or fraudulent'' close quote. Preventing the disruption of Medicare patients' therapy, as this bill will do, would likely result in lower costs to the Medicare program.    I truly appreciate the committee's interest in addressing this regulatory burden that impacts access to care. I am hoping that this simple technical correction can be achieved and that Medicare patients will be allowed to continue to access medically necessary PT services without disruption.    I look forward to working with the committee, and I am happy to answer any questions you may have.    Ms. Norby. As I indicated in my testimony, we have to identify who the provider was on the claim form by reporting their NPI number, and also, there is the 60-day limit that they can be utilized as a locum tenens as well.    As the letter from CMS had indicated, that these were physicians, they have not seen any problems with any kind of fraud or abuse when the locum tenens physician is in, so we assume the same would happen with physical therapists.    Ms. Norby. As I understand, you are asking how long it would take for me to hire someone to replace the therapist? In the case of my story where I covered a maternity leave for a therapist that was leaving, I did reach out to some traveling companies to see if I could hire someone to fulfill that role. They could not guarantee me that I would know who the provider was more than 30 days in advance. And with Medicare's requirement for the certification enrollment, that can take 2 to 3 months or longer. So if I had brought that person in, I would not be able to actually bill for their services for a significant duration of time, which then would put a financial hardship on our clinic because we still have payrolls to pay and those types of things as well.    Ms. Norby. That is a great question. So right now, without locum tenens, if I had to be gone from my clinic, my Medicare patients are not receiving the care they need. And if someone had, for instance, a total knee replacement, any interruption in physical therapy to regain, for instance, their knee range of motion, is going to be very, very detrimental to the progress of their care. And so what would happen is they are going to create joint stiffness, and so then when I come back and they can get physical therapy, they are literally going to have to have more visits to achieve that goal that we set up in the first place, because they were put behind because of the absence.    Ms. Norby. That is a great question. The language that included the physicians is over 40 years old. And at that time, there was not a prevalence of physical therapists in private practice, and so that is one of the reasons that they were overlooked, because there was not a need. The landscape today is completely different.    In our State of Iowa alone, we have numerous physical therapists in small communities. In three of my clinics, we have one PT, including the clinic that I am currently practicing out of as well.    We understand CMS has been approached many times by our association and asked can we correct this, and they have said that it requires legislation to correct the technical fix for it.    Ms. Norby. It is critical for the continued longevity of our businesses, and really, critical for the Medicare patients in those communities. As I said, three of our five clinics have only one physical therapist in that clinic. When I go back to the maternity leave that I personally covered for--our only options were to either hire a substitute to come in, or to close the clinic for that length of time. Closing the clinic was not an option. We had a commitment to the community to bring our practice there and to treat the patients and provide them access to care that was local and convenient for them. So that was our first and foremost.    To hire a substitute, as I indicated, we would have to enroll them in Medicare provider, and that can take up to 3 months, which then we can't bill Medicare. Now, granted, we have had to do that when we hire new therapists, and we always bank locally in the communities that we do, and they have been very gracious to offer me a short-term line of credit to cover salaries and pay rent while we are waiting for Medicare enrollment, but this is a clinic in a town of 500, small margins, that was not an option either.    Ms. Norby. No, I don't feel that there is a potential for fraud and abuse. The locum tenens physical therapist would be seeing the patient that I would have been seeing if I was in the clinic. And we would be reporting their services on the claim form by utilizing their NPI number reporting who provided that care. I feel very strongly that they don't have the access to their Medicare provider enrollment number to take after they leave, they are just being paid for services that they are providing at that time.    Ms. Norby. Yes, I sure will. Thank you for the question. So, like I had indicated, we have made our mission to provide physical therapy care in communities that don't have access to care. And so when a therapist has to be gone for any type of reason, the Medicare patients within that community have been afforded to have local convenient care, and they are happy about that--physical therapists, we develop our relationship with our patients. They don't necessarily want to see anybody else.    In the particular instance that I had, the next closest physical therapy clinic was 45 miles away, and it was winter. And so the Medicare patients, they were not going to drive to those clinics to be able to receive their care. So it was imperative and our commitment was to provide that. So that is why I went in and covered that maternity leave.    When we set up a clinic, I have the flexibility at that time to be a substitute provider, and so I was an enrolled Medicare provider for that clinic. That situation has changed now, and I am currently practicing full-time in one of our clinics as the solo PT.    So in the future, if this happens again, which it will, they will have more children, we do not have the opportunity for me to actually be the one to physically go there. So this is extremely important for the communities that we serve, and for our small business as well. As I had indicated, because we have to wait, we have to hold claims before we get the Medicare provider enrollment, that puts a significant hardship on our small business financially. And we have had local bankers that have been very generous to literally offer us a short-term line of credit to be able to continue to pay salaries, and pay rent and that type of thing. That is not an ideal situation, so locum tenens is crucial.    Ms. Norby. OK, awesome. No, the therapist would see my patients in my absence, and so that would be indicated on the Medicare claim form by their NPI number, so the visits that would have been scheduled for the patients to see me are now just rescheduled to see the substitute therapist.    Ms. Norby. It is very important. Physical therapists, we are movement specialists, and we help people be able to stay functional in their homes, and to stay longer in their homes as well. And so when a patient, a Medicare patient accesses physical therapy, they have a problem with their movement. And when we determine our plan of care and start to treat that patient, we are progressing them through to be able to get their goals to move better, or to regain function.    Postsurgical care is very, very critical to be able to have consistent physical therapy. Otherwise, stiffness of the joint can occur that then becomes very painful to try to regain that motion, and it does take longer for them to do that. I know two patients, in particular, that they had to interrupt their care because one had a gall bladder attack in surgery, the other their spouse died unexpectedly. And they came back after those incidences with very stiff joints, and it literally doubled the amount of visits that they needed to have to get to their original goal, because they were without care for a period of time. And so if I had to be absent and I couldn't have a substitute come in, that would be bad as well.    Ms. Norby. No. A great question. Private payers do offer locum tenens, all of our commercial payers in Iowa do, and across the country. But in order, in a private practice setting, to be able to see a Medicare patient, as a physical therapist, I have to be provider-enrolled under that tax I.D. Number and that location. So I cannot just have another substitute come in and see my patients legally, because I cannot locum tenens without them going through that process.    Ms. Norby. That is a great question. So, it affects payment because I would be able to bring in, under locum tenens, a licensed, qualified physical therapist to continue the care with my patients, and then we would submit the claims under my Medicare provider enrollment number to Medicare, so----    Ms. Norby. Right.    Ms. Norby. Yes.    Ms. Norby. That is correct. I am gone from my clinic 2 days this week to be here----    Ms. Norby . With you, and it took creative scheduling. Now, my Medicare patients know I am very much an advocate for this, and they all know about this bill.    Ms. Norby. So they were very supportive and willing to come at 7:00 at night or at 10:00 on Saturday morning.    Ms. Norby. Yes, so I could be here, so----    Ms. Norby. And regulatory burden, too.