    Mrs. Lawrence. Good morning, and thank you, Chairman, for holding this important hearing. I thank our witness, Director Kornze for his time and testimony.    Our discussion today will focus on the management of oil and gas lease sales by the Bureau of Land Management.    Congress has entrusted this agency with the stewardship of millions of acres of public lands. The agency is capably managing grazing, recreation, and the development of natural resources on public land. For energy production, the agency is also managing public lands in Wyoming that produce the majority of the Nation's coal. Solar, wind, and geothermal energy, our renewable energy sources, are also responsibly managed by the agency.    During the Obama Administration, the agency has approved enough drilling permits to sustain oil and gas development on public lands for the next 4 years. Some people accuse the agency of hindering oil, gas, or coal production on public land. I think the facts speak otherwise. BLM has offered over 4 million acres of land to lease for oil and gas development. But industry has only bid on a fraction of that land.    Let us examine all of the circumstances to see how best we can use the land that is now under energy development leases. Once that assessment is complete, it will then be appropriate to revisit the question on whether more public lands should be made available for development. I am looking forward to this discussion, and I yield back.    Mrs. Lawrence. Thank you, Madam Chair. Good morning, Director. The management of our energy resources is of critical importance to our national and economic security. Those resources are not replaceable once they are gone, so it makes sense that we use them in the right way and at the right time.    Could you please respond to this? Do you have an estimate of the share of oil and gas produced on Federal lands as compared to non-Federal lands? Can you respond to that? What is our level of production?    Mrs. Lawrence. And it seems reasonable to me that in deciding how to best manage our non-renewing resources, we need to have clarity on the current performance. How do gas and oil prices influence bids on the oil leases and later production levels?    Mrs. Lawrence. So with the active current lease lands, are they producing at a high capacity and are they contributing to our energy security?    Mrs. Lawrence. Okay. We have heard recent reports about a proposed cancellation in the Thompson Divide region. The concern is about inconsistent environmental standards associated with the 25 leases. Did NEPA apply at the time of the approval on the sale of these leases, and if not, why not?    Mrs. Lawrence. Thank you, Madam Chair. I yield back.