    Mr. Long. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And, Ms. McCabe, in terms of complexity, the rules contain hundreds of pages regarding variations in State plans and emissions trading. For example, you could turn to page 65 of the proposed Federal plan/model trading rule, beginning at the top of the page EPA states, and I quote, ``In the final emissions guidelines the EPA also discussed a concern that CO<INF>2</INF> emissions reductions would be eroded in situations where an effective EGU in a rate-based State counts the megawatt hours for measures located in a mass-based State, but the generation from that measure acts solely to serve load in the mass-based State. In that scenario, expected CO<INF>2</INF> emissions reduction actions in the rate-based State are foregone as a result of counting the megawatt hours that resulted in CO<INF>2</INF> emissions reductions in a mass-based State.'' Can you decipher that for me?    Mr. Long. Well, what does that have to do with standards of performance of a power plant? I mean, how does that relate to the States trying to work together? How does this relate?    Mr. Long. OK, I've got another question here, and this has been reflected today by other members that have used coal to supply a lot of their electricity. But in my home State of Missouri, we rely on coal for 83 percent of our energy generation, and I know that's not true on the east coast and the west coast, but in Missouri it is, and that's what the folks I represent are concerned about.    The Clean Power Plan places a huge burden on coal-fired power plants, and this rule also restricts, and I don't understand this, the construction of new natural gas plants as a compliance measure. Could you explain to me why the EPA restricts the construction of natural gas-fired power plants as a compliance measure?    Mr. Long. I still don't understand the restriction on new construction of natural gas-fired plants.    Mr. Long. OK. My staff is here today, so if we can do that, that would be greatly appreciated.    And the final rule's interim and final goals for Missouri are even more stringent than the proposed rule's. What factors did the EPA consider when reaching this adjustment?    Mr. Long. OK, so we end up with more stringent rules in flyover countries, so we're used to that.    Mr. Chairman, I yield back. Thank you.