    Mr. Best. Thank you, Chairman Burgess, Ranking Member Schakowsky, and other members of the Commerce, Manufacturing, and Trade Subcommittee.    I am Michael Best, senior policy advocate for the Consumer Federation of America. CFA is a nonprofit association of more than 250 pro-consumer, not-for-profit groups that was established in 1968 to advance the consumer interest through research, advocacy, and education.    The Funeral Consumers Alliance is a nonprofit organization with more than 70 local educational groups that was founded in 1963 to protect the consumer's right to choose a meaningful and affordable funeral. CFA and FCA appreciate this opportunity to provide testimony on H.R. 5212, the Bereaved Consumers Bill of Rights Act of 2016. I would like to outline our support of H.R. 5212 and, also, urge you to call on the Federal Trade Commission to modernize its funeral rule.    For consumers, funeral and cemetery services are not discretionary. Everyone will die and require performance of some kind of service, and it will be a large expense for many households. In 2014, the median cost of a funeral with viewing and burial was $7,181. Yet, according to a 2011 study, about half of all households in the country would have difficulty paying an unexpected expense of $2,000. This expense is also often incurred at a time when we are all especially vulnerable and disinclined to undertake a careful search involving different types of services and service providers.    The bill would, among other things, extend the consumer benefits of the FTC funeral rule to all death-related businesses and codify that rule, establish minimum standards and a culture of accountability for the cemetery industry, and give the FTC and states attorneys general additional tools to ensure the marketplace for funeral and burial services is truly competitive.    We are aware of and not unsympathetic to the claims of some nonprofit providers of cemetery services, particularly individual churches, that they would have difficulty complying with some requirements of the bill. Therefore, we did not oppose the amendment that sought to ease requirements on some of the small nonprofits.    We also would not object to the FTC ensuring that any rules that were written were informed by an understanding of the different types of service providers, from large for-profits at one end of the continuum to individual churches operating nonprofit services at the other end.    Both CFA and FCA support H.R. 2212 because it would provide stronger and broader protection to consumers of funeral and burial services. High cost, vulnerable consumers, and changing markets are also why the FTC needs to modernize its funeral rule to include online disclosures. The rule worked well for a long time and it was even supported by industry.    Randall L. Earl, in his capacity as an elected officer of the National Funeral Directors Association, testified before this committee about a previous version of H.R. 2212 stating ``Many NFDA members have reported that the rule has made them better businessmen and women.''    But the rule needs to reflect how consumers now shop. The rule requires written disclosures, but as far back as 2010, 97 percent of consumers used the internet when searching for local products or services. The FTC, in its consumer information web pages, also touts internet search as a way to get the best product and deal.    The cost to consumers of antiquated disclosure requirements of the funeral rule were evident in a survey of funeral home services undertaken and released last year by CFA and FCA. The price information we needed to accurately price services was found on the Web site of only about one-quarter, 38, of the 150 funeral homes we surveyed.    In the absence of a requirement to offer complete online disclosures, some funeral businesses that do post prices online mislead consumers and directly contradict the intent of the funeral rule. Those businesses in our survey that did post prices online usually posted only all-inclusive packages and failed to alert consumers that they have the right to buy a la carte and to decline any unwanted goods or services.    If the same funeral home offered this incomplete information on a paper price list, that would be a violation of the federal rule. But, because the rule does not contemplate online transactions, these omissions are legal.    In our study, prices for the same funeral services within individual areas almost always varied by at least 100 percent, and often varied by more than 200 percent. For example, right here in D.C., prices among 15 funeral homes for a full-service funeral ranged from $3,770 to $13,800. That variation would be difficult to sustain at a market with easy-to-research prices.    Thank you for the opportunity to support H.R. 2212 and explain why the federal rule needs to be updated, and I look forward to your questions.    Mr. Rush. Again, I want to thank you, Mr. Chairman, for this panel.    I want to welcome the witnesses.    The funeral industry, Mr. Chairman, is a mystery to most people. The vast majority of consumers arrange only one or at most two funerals during their lifetime. And, generally, they do this at a time of much grief and duress.    In the eighties, the FTC recognized the opportunity for consumer abuse and issued a, quote, ``funeral rule'' containing disclosures to consumers at the funeral homes.    Mr. Best, I want to ask you how have prices at funeral homes evolved since the rule was enacted back in the early eighties? Have you seen any improvements in the transparency of this kind of business arrangement with consumers?    Mr. Best. Thank you, Mr. Rush.    I mean, I think our research showed that, while there is good enforcement of the current rule, it is very much, as you said, in the eighties and nineties, it is about written price lists and doesn't reflect how consumers now shop, which is through the internet, and they want to quickly compare prices across a broad variety of businesses in their area, especially when they are under this duress.    We see a huge a variation in the price within localities, and we think that that is in no small part because it is very hard for consumers now with the way they shop to find out what the prices are because there is no requirement to disclose funeral home prices on the web, sir.    Mr. Rush. So, you would agree that very fine sellers of funeral services such as caskets and monuments and cemeteries that do not have an onsite funeral home are not covered by the funeral rule? Is that right?    Mr. Best. That is correct, sir, and we agree that more and more the entities not covered by the funeral rule are interacting with the public as part of the funeral services industry and should be covered by the same disclosure requirements, absolutely.    Mr. Rush. Would you also agree that consumers seeking any type of funeral goods or services would stand to benefit from the FTC's protection from unfair and deceptive acts?    Mr. Best. Absolutely, sir, and we feel that your bill was very well-drafted and it is a really good, balanced approach to that.    Mr. Rush. You mentioned the use of the internet when researching local products and services. Can you provide any information on how consumers use the internet to purchase products and services from outside of their local area?    Mr. Best. From outside their local area, I am not sure. In preparation for this testimony, I looked up statistics for within your local area because I imagine that is generally how people procure funeral services. I mean, within the local area, it is over 96 percent of consumers use the internet to do that kind of research and price comparison. I don't have exact numbers, but I imagine it is quite high, no matter what. I mean, I know I certainly use the internet to price everything at this point.    Mr. Rush. The funeral rule also covers some aspects of pre-need contracts which allow complete payment for all their own funeral needs, including caskets and burial plots and funeral services. It seems that most people would buy these prepaid services to provide a sense of peace of mind and ease the burden on their family members without an instance of fraud and financial mismanagement surrounding premium contracts that led to services in this area maybe being misguided. Do you think that H.R. 5212 would give some sense of relief and safety and give a sense of comfort to some of these consumers?    Mr. Best. I absolutely do, sir. I mean, I think this is going to go a long way to setting a good, solid floor of requirements that are easy to understand for consumers and businesses both.    Mr. Best. With that, the subcommittee again thanks the panel for their forbearance today. Again, it has been a long day, but I think we have gotten a lot of information.    And the subcommittee now stands adjourned.