    Mr. Takano. Dr. Roe, I understand your point about the straight-face test. I hadn't been aware of applicants for this benefit. They were--so some of them were in the workforce, they stopped working, and then come in and apply for the benefit.    But I would like to hear a response from Mr. Varela or Mr. de Planque about this, sort of, straight-face test situation. Are there alternative explanations for why people might be doing these sort of things? Applicants.    Yes, go ahead.    Mr. Takano. Thank you very much for offering those comments. It helps me understand other scenarios under which we can justify--or it could be justified, this sort of benefit.    Can you tell me what kind of mental health treatment an individual suffering from severe PTSD and using individual unemployability benefits receives? So they are, sort of, suffering from severe PTSD, but they are also receiving IU benefits. What sort of mental health treatment does that individual receive?    Mr. Varela or anyone on the panel? Or Mr. de Planque?    Mr. Takano. Could I ask one more question, sir? Is that possible?    Mr. Takano. Do you still believe there is sufficient motivation to find a positive outcome for their PTSD while receiving IU benefits? So, in other words, they are being successfully treated for PTS, but they are also receiving IU unemployment benefit. Can we justify that situation?    Mr. de Planque. Are you asking in the sense that is there a disincentive to get better----    Mr. Takano. Yes.    Mr. de Planque . Basically?    I think there is always--you know, this is something from having worked with and spent a lot of time talking to veterans who suffer not just from PTSD, but also keep in mind depression goes hand-in-hand with a lot of these debilitating injuries.    Mr. Takano. Yes.    Mr. de Planque. Every single one of them that I have ever talked to would rather feel better than have a large amount of money attached to it. They would rather get better. They would rather not have to deal with the symptoms of the depression or the PTSD.    So I don't think it presents a particular obstacle to that. Those veterans will push towards getting better in treatment, because that is a far better goal than--you know, and to be able to return to the workforce, hopefully, or do something like that. That is where most of them are motivated.    Mr. Takano. Okay.    I appreciate your generosity, sir.