    Ms. CLARKE. Thank you very much, Chairman Chabot, and to Ranking Member Velazquez. To our witnesses, thank you for coming today to share your and lend your expertise to the subject matter. I, first of all, want to express my regret in being delayed this morning. I had a small business event in my district just prior to getting here, and so please excuse me.    I wanted to ask a couple of questions of you, Ms. Davis in particular. We are intrigued, of course, by small businesses that take on sort of the entrepreneurial spirit that leads them to marketing overseas and to capturing those markets. As we know, more than 95 percent of the world's consumers live abroad, but more than half of small exporters post sales to only one foreign market. It is our goal to make exporting more attainable for small businesses, and your business is available throughout Europe and Japan.    In your experience, which countries are generally easiest to export to, and what makes breaking into more than one foreign market so challenging?    Ms. CLARKE. So we would probably have to take a look at the whole distribution network and the relationships.    Ms. CLARKE. Very well. Ms. Bland, MANUFACTURE New York facilitates relationships between designers and a production team, and you act as a type of mentor to budding fashion designers, and encourage them to not only produce their brand, but grow their business. Can you discuss some of the challenges that you face in making these connections between production teams and the designers?    Ms. BLAND. That is actually one of our strengths because everyone on my team comes from the fashion industry, and we have all been marketing locally for decades. So I would say that it is a more general challenge for designers in New York City before they find MANUFACTURE New York because most manufacturers do not want to be contacted by unvetted designers or new businesses that do not understand how to manufacture and how to speak with manufacturers.    One thing that we have worked very hard on is to create fashion design boot camps where designers get to learn the entire manufacturing process in a weekend. At that point they are not coming to all of these contract manufacturers who are all individually all over the city and all five boroughs, and asking for things that are impossible, things that cannot be done in timelines that are not feasible at prices that sound ridiculous because they are thinking that they are going to get the same price as China.    We try to provide some background around that, and I would say that those sort of programs, we want to work with local schools, including high schools, to help get people more educated earlier in the process because nationally fashion designers as a career has doubled in terms of the Census over the last decade. It is astonishing how many people want to be fashion entrepreneurs, and we want to help them to have access to it, but in a way that makes sense for manufacturers.    I would add that the garment district is a place where everyone was co-located together in a very high concentration, that idea still needs to remain. Having contract manufacturers spread out throughout the city in a way that they are not able to access the same support structures and the same infrastructure as each other and networks is unfortunate. That goes for everything from hiring, to equipment, to systems, to grants, to you name it.    The idea of co-locating them all on site in one place, which is what we are working towards at Liberty View Industrial Plaza, that is a 21st century model for garment manufacturing.    Ms. CLARKE. And, Mr. Friedman, many small manufacturers with growth potential may not seek assistance with operations, marketing, and finance because they are simply unware that resources are available. However, the SBA has many entrepreneurial development programs, including SBDCs and women's business center. What can we do to increase the awareness among small manufacturers of the SBA's business counseling services?    Mr. FRIEDMAN.--of South Brooklyn Development Corporation, so that is one example of an intermediary that generally does not get Federal funding, but their job is to make those connections. So Bob may be doing it in one particular sector, but just building the basic economic development infrastructure so that those connections can be made. Maybe there is a Federal funding opportunity or just some acknowledgement about the need for that strata of intermediary.    Ms. CLARKE. Very well. Thank you, Mr. Friedman. I wanted to acknowledge very quickly Mr. Meeks and, of course, our councilman, Robert Cornegy and thank them for being a part of today's proceedings. I yield back, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. CLARKE. Thanks again. Thanks once again, Mr. Chairman. I wanted to just out of curiosity ask Mr. Friedman if your experience in working with emerging manufacturers, is there a role that you see sort of the social media landscape playing in helping those entrepreneurs to access information and maybe to network and connect with others that are in similar predicaments, or that can be helpful in terms of resource and support? I want to also extend that to the rest of the panel to discuss.    Ms. CLARKE. I heard in particular Ms. Bland speak of the need to sort of distill information by industry. And it would seem to me that that maybe one of the vehicles that can be helpful in doing so that, you know, at one click if you manufacture motorcycles, you know who is in that space, what types of government assistance or programs are tailored towards that industry. I was just wondering whether you thought that would be helpful given that it is such a utility, but whether we have reached that space yet.    Ms. CLARKE. It could be----    Ms. CLARKE. Okay, we are not there yet.    Ms. BLAND. Yeah, and I think it also starts with public awareness campaigns here in New York City that are in the languages of the people that are being targeted, you know, because we see that it is more effective for us to go out in Sunset Park with a printed out sign in either Mandarin or Spanish and put it directly in the neighborhood than it is for us to try to post something on Craigslist or anything like that. We also have to contextualize it for the sector, and the neighborhood, and the language.    Ms. CLARKE. Very well. Anyone else want to add anything?    Ms. BLAND. That is a good point.    Ms. CLARKE. Right.    Ms. CLARKE. What they call plain English.    Ms. CLARKE. Very well. Very well. If there are no other answers, Mr. Chairman, I yield back.