    Ms. Lowey. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman. I am happy to be here today. And I want to thank Ranking Member McCollum for your hard work on this committee as well.    I would like to welcome Administrator McCarthy back before the subcommittee today.    Before I share my remarks, I, too, Mr. Chairman want to express our heartfelt prayers for all the families who lost loved ones in another evil act of terrorism and express our determination to bring the perpetrators to justice.    Thank you.    The Environmental Protection Agency is tasked with ensuring that our Nation's air and water is safe. I know my constituents are grateful for your agency's work to clean up the Hudson River and the Long Island Sound, especially given the economic significance of those bodies of water to our region and the Nation as a whole.    The EPA has done good work under your leadership on lowering carbon emissions and helping the United States do its part in the global fight against climate change.    Today, I want to talk about an issue that is of great concern, and that is the Flint water crisis. It is a public health emergency--8,000 children under the age of 6 could have been exposed to lead contamination. The long-term ramifications of that exposure are severe and will not end when the water is clean. Decades or even a lifetime of difficulty may plague those affected.    As ranking member of the House Appropriations Committee, I want to make it clear that I am absolutely committed to making sure that the Federal Government supports the people of Flint and the Federal Government holds up our end of the bargain.    I would like to hear from you what went wrong in Flint and what the EPA will do in both the short term and the long term to prevent another crisis like this happening on our watch.    We must also ensure that the EPA has the resources to carry out your mission. You come before us today with a budget request of nearly $8.27 billion, an increase of $127 million above current funding. This increase is badly needed.    At a time when we face the glaring threat of climate change, when the public health and quality of the air and water are at risk, EPA funding, my colleagues, is nearly 20 percent below its fiscal year 2010 level--below.    Despite high demand, I am concerned that attacks on EPA funding will continue to restrict its ability to get the job done. I hope that this committee can move beyond politics, look at the science, and provide an increase for the EPA, so it can adequately protect our public health.    I look forward to your testimony.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. Lowey. You are very kind. Thank you very much for your consideration. This is the busy appropriations season. I think we have about eight hearings today.    So I welcome you again.    However, I am outraged, as are many of my colleagues, at the neglect and criminal incompetence that resulted in the Flint water crisis. It is imperative that the Federal Government hold up our end of the bargain to end the crisis and help the community heal.    EPA, as I understand it, is currently on the ground in Flint assisting with the emergency response, providing technical assistance. This work is essential to making the city water supply safe.    This is an emergency, and as a result, EPA could not plan a budget for the costs associated with this work.    Can you share with us how you much you estimate EPA will have spent or will continue to spend on Flint this year?    Ms. Lowey. What I am looking at now is what is needed in addition to what you have already budgeted. It would seem to me that in order to respond appropriately and adequately, you would have to take those resources from other programs and further weaken EPA's ability to protect public health.    Mr. Chairman, I do hope we can act quickly to pass an emergency supplemental to address not only the Flint crisis, but also Zika and the opioid crises.    EPA has received a lot of criticism for not updating its Lead and Copper Rule quickly enough. In fact, it has been an amazing about-face for my colleagues across the aisle who spent years filling appropriations bills with policy riders to block the EPA from regulating. Now, there is unanimity in admonishing the EPA for not regulating enough.    Frankly, protecting children from lead should not be a partisan issue.    If you could share with us, how does EPA's Lead Renovation, Repair and Painting Rule protect children from exposure to lead?    And, frankly, I remember years ago, even working at the State level, dealing with the issue of paint with lead in it, and we were so concerned.    Could you share with us your program?    Ms. Lowey. I want to thank you.    Mr. Chairman, if you recall, in last year's appropriations cycle, there was a rider, and I offered an amendment to strike the rider that would have prohibited the EPA from implementing the Lead Renovation, Repair and Painting Rule. While, frankly, my amendment did not pass in this committee, the ranking member and I were able to remove it from the final omnibus spending bill.    I do not think I have any time, but at some point, you can let us know, had that rider been implemented, how it would have weakened EPA's tools for protecting children from lead exposure. It would be very helpful if you can respond to that in writing, so I can graciously thank the chairman for your time.