    Mr. Sanford. Thanks, Chairman. Two quick thoughts. One, I guess this would be more directed to the chairman. I just want to go on record as a concern, the, in essence, $20 billion from a budgetary impact standpoint going forward.    As I understand it, the chairman is over, I guess now, testifying before the Committee on Ways and Means, and maybe gets that wrinkled out, or leadership will. But I just--you know, the--what happens with the money, I think, is very, very important, going forward. That is outside the jurisdiction of this committee, but I think it is very, very important.    On to this bill, though, at this point in testimony everything that could be said has been said. But if I might turn to you, Mr. Calio, if you were just to wrap it up--because you hear the different points. I saw the Reason article, and it talked about how, at the end of the day, this bill would save money, it makes the system more efficient.    You know, if we are going to live in Thomas Friedman's flat world and we are competing with folks in India and China and a whole lot of other places around the globe, fundamentally, as a society, we need to look for ways that make us more competitive, that bring down costs.    Any wrap-up from your end that you would pass on to me, as I take this message back home and inevitably talk about it in town hall meetings?    Mr. Sanford. So, again, summing it up at this point in testimony, what we would probably agree on is that change is something that we naturally fear. There is uncertainty, certainly, that comes with any change. But in the whole of your, you know, professional estimation, you would say this change would be for the good, from the standpoint of the consumer, the taxpayer, and the safety of the system in the aggregate?    Mr. Sanford. Sure.    Mr. Sanford. One last question in the minute and a half I have got left. I guess this is for you, Mr. Poole. Some opponents have said, you know, there might be problems, though, with regard to, for instance, shooting approaches on instrument flight, that, you know, you shoot your approaches on good days so that you are ready on a bad day. But if it is going to cost you more in a user pay-type system, people might be--particularly general aviation types--might be prone to shoot fewer approaches.    That is a red herring? It is false? Or, no, it is partially accurate, but----    Mr. Sanford. How about the middle ground, though, with contract pilots that--say you are a--run a jet type of scenario--I don't know if they run their own training programs, or you hire contract pilots that have X-number of hours, and they have got to keep up with their own hours and their own training. Could it negatively impact those guys, or----    Mr. Sanford. OK. I yield back. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.