    Ms. Lujan Grisham. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And I too want to thank the ranking member and the chairman for bringing this hearing together and having you.    Unfortunately, it's not our first hearing on such matters. I mean, we are talking and dealing with Turing and Valeant and Mylan and Gilead, and seeing a really disturbing pattern where Congress provides a variety of mechanisms to invest in innovation and pharmaceutical companies so that we get the right public health treatments and medicines and that we also have innovations. And we give you patent protections. We give you R&D money. And what we get in return is now a monopoly using your generic aspect in a way that we did not intend and have a hearing where we're not going to get any relief. You've made it clear that you're following the rules, you're completely justified, and the amount of money that you are both spending on salaries and bonuses and infrastructure and acquisitions is all justified while you're making a billion dollars on a drug that most people can't afford, with a patient assistance program that most drug companies created in the 1990s so that as drug prices went up, policymakers would hesitate before dealing with price legislation that would make it fair to consumers. Because the problem is, if you're a consumer and you have to have it because it's lifesaving, it's already unfair, because we're going to have to do whatever we need.    And, quite frankly, my constituents aren't so happy about a prescription drug assistance program. Nobody wants to give you their tax returns or their Social Security number or tell you over the phone what their income is or provide you those income statements. And I don't know what you pay for those staff to provide those--to do that evaluation. The reality is: Just don't do it. Make the drugs affordable. And you create an environment where you have preferences and you make sure that it's on a preventative drug list. So I think, instead of having any more conversations--I mean, I don't think that we've gotten very many of our questions answered, because, in fact, Mr. Chairman, it is true it is very complicated. We've created an environment where they don't have to be transparent, so they aren't.    Let me give you an example where what we thought, what we intended in terms of policymaking with generics and competition worked. In 10 years, when we decided that, as a public health issue, we should have, to your point, have defibrillators in all public places, because we want to save people's lives. We know that vehicle creates an opportunity where laypersons can help administer that level of care and prevent a person from dying from a heart attack. And in 10 years, by having six companies effectively compete, we've dropped those prices of defibrillators by about two-thirds.    Unfortunately, that's an anomaly. Today, we are seeing price increases in therapeutic equivalents, in generics. We're seeing longer patent protections. We negotiated longer patent protections in 21st Century Cures. So I would suggest that, today, while we have bipartisan now support and real interest in protecting our consumers, that maybe it's time that this committee lead the effort. Let's join up with Ways and Means, and Energy and Commerce, and here's some ideas: I think it's time to consider allowing FDA to look at price increases and then ask them to include that when they prioritize generic applications.    I propose that maybe we need a price protection program for public health drugs, and that we need to decide a public formulary. There's no formulary for the EpiPen. You've got it. A formulary works when there's competition. There are different drugs on that formulary for high blood pressure or insulin. You don't need a formulary; you're it. And you're it, except that, in Canada and all over Europe, your drug is much cheaper. So I think we should import those drugs right back.    We paid you to figure out the device, the application, the drug. Now we're protecting you with a generic. We're allowing you to do patient assistance programs under the guise of trying to make sure that it's affordable. We create rebates and very complicated. You pay them; they pay you back. I say: Let's demystify it. Let's make sure that Congress puts in a real patient protection program to prevent companies like yours from taking advantage of every policy aspect that was intended to make affordable health care.    And, quite frankly, as long as I'm on this rant, I'm tired of paying prescription drug companies and drug manufacturers and device companies to treak these issues. If we put the same kind of money that we're allowing you to keep to deal with curing allergies, we wouldn't be having this conversation about EpiPen, would we? So I say we shift it, instead of trying to, you know, pull out information where I agree; I think you've been far less than transparent. And I think we ought to do transparency legislation. I think there's a whole host of ideas where we could lead instead of being dragged down this path where we're upset for our constituents when none of these prices on their own at these company's hands will shift. They certainly haven't.    Pharmaceutical companies and insurance companies and PBMs where you tried to shift to PBMs, they are all making incredible profits in an environment where that profit-making environment has all been at the hands of policymakers trying to create a competitive, innovative, private sector, high-quality investment to protect Americans.    And, instead, we've created that access around the world, and we've left Americans holding, if you will, the financial bag. And I for one am tired of that. So I don't need any answers because I won't get any that are fair from you or your company, but I am expecting Congress now to take a much different leadership role.    And I thank my colleagues on this committee and the leadership by the ranking member and the chairman, because maybe, because of your greed and the other companies, maybe you finally put Congress into a position where, bipartisan, we will have the courage to finally do what's right for our constituents. I have that courage. I believe my colleagues do too.    I yield back.