    Mr. Andrew. Chairman Gohmert, Ranking Member Dingell, and members of the subcommittee, thank you for the opportunity to appear before you today to discuss activities of the Department of the Interior along our Nation's borders.    As the Department's Interagency Borderlands Coordinator, I work to coordinate the activities of the Department and its land managing agencies with those of the Department of Homeland Security and, in particular, the U.S. Border Patrol, a component of Customs and Border Protection, to secure our international borders without undue damage to our Nation's natural and cultural resources.    We appreciate the attention that the subcommittee has given to the issue of securing our borders. DHS, including the CBP and Border Patrol, has been given the mandate to secure our international borders and deter illegal border-related activity. Interior has the responsibility for managing uniquely beautiful and environmentally sensitive lands along these borders.    Interior's land managing agencies, the Bureau of Land Management, the National Park Service, the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, and the Bureau of Indian Affairs, take very seriously their responsibility to these lands on behalf of the American people.    We also believe that these two objectives, securing our borders and conserving our Federal lands, are not mutually exclusive. We are not faced with a choice between the two. Instead, we can and should do both together in unison. In my testimony today, I would like to share with you a few examples of the ways that our departments are working together to achieve our separate and important missions.    In March 2006, Interior, DHS, and USDA entered into a Memorandum of Understanding that provides the departments with guidance related to securing the borders, addressing emergencies involving human safety, and minimizing the environmental damage arising from illegal cross-border activities on Federal lands. The overall intent of the MOU is to provide the Border Patrol with the access it needs to secure the border, while providing for reasonable protection of natural and cultural resources. We believe the guidelines contained in the MOU have been effective in providing both Interior and CBP with the necessary framework to strike this important balance.    For example, work at Organ Pipe Cactus National Monument in Arizona, using guidance in the MOU, has provided for the establishment of temporary infrastructure--in this case, roads--which will assure the Border Patrol access for routine patrol functions. Simultaneously, the Border Patrol was able to identify roads which were not needed and could be closed and sensitive habitat restored. This cooperation has benefited the missions of both departments, as improved border security has also enhanced protection of our natural and cultural resources. We are remaining in close contact with the Border Patrol to make adjustments to this plan as the need arises.    In order to facilitate coordination with the Border Patrol, Interior established, at the headquarters level, the position I now hold. In addition, an Interior special agent is embedded with the Border Patrol in Tucson, Arizona, to assure coordination of law enforcement activities. The primary function of these positions is to coordinate and collaborate with Border Patrol sectors and Interior agency representatives on a regular basis.    Interior, USDA, and DHS have also worked together to establish an environmental and cultural stewardship training program. This training has proven very effective in providing Border Patrol agents with the basic orientation on ways they can help to protect sensitive resources along the border.    We have also worked to streamline the regulatory process wherever possible, a recent example being the expedited Section 106 review process under the National Historic Preservation Act. The agreement for the Southwest border was signed in 2015, and a similar agreement is expected to be signed for the Northern border in the next few weeks.    Furthermore, the Border Patrol, in cooperation with Interior and USDA, established the Public Lands Liaison Agent position for each of its 20 sectors. Interior land managers communicate and collaborate on issues of mutual interest or concern with these agents on a regular basis. Border Patrol agents frequently conduct joint patrols with Interior law enforcement personnel on Interior-managed lands during anticipated peak periods of illegal activity. These are designed to reduce border-related crime and target alien smuggling and drug trafficking organizations operating on Federal lands.    DOI has also authorized the placement of border security infrastructure on DOI lands. Examples include remote video surveillance system towers, integrated fixed towers, rescue beacons, housing for Border Patrol agents, forward operating bases, equipment storage facilities, horse corrals, mobile surveillance systems, and tactical communication equipment.    Chairman Gohmert and members of the subcommittee, thank you for your continued interest in the Administration's efforts to secure and protect the border region and its natural and cultural resources.    This concludes my statement, and I am happy to answer any questions you might have.    Mr. Andrew. I think I was referring to it in general. There are, obviously, some issues that Mr. Pinkerton has pointed out that we need to work on. But in other areas, implementation of the MOU has been very----    Mr. Andrew. Statistic? Well, I would use an example such an Organ Pipe, where we used the MOU to provide Border Patrol with road access. We met with them and asked them where they needed access. They mapped it out, and we marked the road so they would have that; and that includes in wilderness.    So, it has worked well in some places. At Bog Creek in Idaho, it has been a challenge, to be honest. We are getting better at it. I think we are on the right track now. We have had some discussions here with Mr. Pinkerton that have been very educational for me.    Mr. Andrew. I hope not. It is not my intention. I work to assure that the Border Patrol has the access they need when they need it. I can't say that we are perfect with it, but I am very willing to work on making that better, wherever needed.    Mr. Andrew. Yes, thank you for that question. There were two recommendations. One had to do with preparing programmatic documents, and we have prepared a number of those. There was a Northern border EIS that we cooperated with Homeland Security on; there was a Section 106 programmatic agreement that we negotiated with the DHS and the Forest Service for the Northern and Southern border that expedited reviews under the Historic Preservation Act; and there have been a number of smaller ones on individual units where we provided rights-of-way or special use permits for road maintenance and access.    The other recommended action, I believe--and this is 1138, the report from 2010--was an environmental cultural stewardship training that was called for, and we completed that 3 years ago, and that has worked quite well.    Mr. Andrew. Well, it is a difficult question to answer in a general way. Some of the activities that Border Patrol would request, such as placement of a mobile surveillance vehicle, it could be very quickly; in a day or two, we could have pre-approved sites----    Mr. Andrew. Well, it depends on the degree of what is being proposed. If it was something like a----    Mr. Andrew. Well, in south Texas we, have remote video surveillance towers that we are working with Border Patrol right now, about 30 for the first wave.    Mr. Andrew. To give you the time frame, they began their planning for it probably a year ago, something like that. And they have engineering work to do, contracting work, and so on. So, we are trying to run the environmental reviews for that, and we are successful so far with running those in parallel.    Mr. Andrew. Well, with road maintenance we have dealt with right-of-way permits, so they can do that as needed now in most locations.    Mr. Andrew. Yes. For example, Organ Pipe again. The G-BOSS antennas that came from Afghanistan were deployed within days of the request.    Mr. Andrew. I was going to mention that one. There was one I was involved in about 3 years ago, the boundary camp on Cabeza Prieta, between Cabeza Prieta and Organ Pipe. We received word that this needed to be built in about March of that year. It was in place by the end of the fiscal year; so that was about 6 to 8 months, I think.    Mr. Andrew. Thank you for the question. There are a number of things that have happened since that report was prepared. One example, in cooperation with Border Patrol, was the establishment of public lands liaison agents in each sector and borderland management task forces that meet periodically in each of the sectors. That has helped to build relationships between us and the Border Patrol, and to better understand what their mission is and what their concerns and needs are. And, frankly, we have just gotten better at knowing each other and understanding what the needs are, and figuring out ways to get that work done quicker.    Mr. Andrew. No, I have not.    Mr. Andrew. Not when it is put that way. I was referring to the Department of the Interior lands that I am responsible for that have improved in recent years, in terms of traffic and trash and----    Mr. Andrew. I count it as an improvement. It is a work in progress, for sure.    Mr. Andrew. Oh, I would agree. We have seen great benefits from the Border Patrol's----    Mr. Andrew. Increased border security benefits public lands, for sure, yes.    Mr. Andrew. Yes, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Andrew. I don't know the page number. Not a lot----    Mr. Andrew. I didn't know that, no. But I do now.    Mr. Andrew. I don't think I could answer that. I was not really involved in the designation, so----    Mr. Andrew. No, Mr. Chairman.