    Mr. Shimkus. We want to call the hearing to order.    And I would like to recognize myself for 5 minutes for an opening statement.    We welcome each of our witnesses and appreciate your willingness to be here today to talk about the final coal ash rule released by EPA in December.    We are eager to hear from the administration. We hope Mr. Stanislaus will be able to provide some clarification about the implementation of the final rule and, also, answer some questions and address some concerns.    We will hear from a number of stakeholders regarding their initial impressions of the final rule and any concerns they may have, and we will also discuss the final rule in comparison to the legislation we considered through this committee to the floor of the House the last couple of Congresses.    First, I would like to commend the EPA for getting the final rule out in time to meet the court-ordered deadline. Weighing in at over 700 pages, I am sure that that was no small undertaking.    I would also like to acknowledge that, in finalizing the rule, the Agency faced a genuine dilemma, create an enforceable permit program for coal ash under subtitle C and designate coal ash as a hazardous waste or promulgate self-implementing standards for managing coal ash as nonhazardous waste under subtitle D.    I am pleased to note that EPA chose to regulate coal ash under subtitle D, which will help ensure that coal ash continues to be beneficially reused like this.    However, because of the way subtitle D is currently drafted, EPA did not have the authority it needed to create a permit program for coal ash.    Instead, the final rule lays out an entirely self-implementing program that will be enforced through citizen suits and will unavoidably lead to an unpredictable array of regulatory interpretations as judges throughout the country are forced to make extremely technical compliance decisions that would be better left to a regulatory agency.    The final rule also sets up a dual regulatory program. EPA strongly encourages--and I quote--``for States to incorporate the requirements into their solid waste management plan.''    However, as currently drafted, RCRA does not allow State coal ash programs to operate in lieu of the Federal requirements in the final rule, meaning, even if States adopt the Federal requirements or requirements that are more stringent, the Federal requirements remain in place and utilities must comply with both the State and Federal requirements.    There are some other provisions in the rule that are potentially troublesome and that we hope to discuss today, including the retroactive application of location or siting restrictions and the requirements that unlined impoundments that exceed a groundwater protection standard close with no opportunity to remedy the problem through corrective action.    Last, but not least, EPA has removed the flexibility of the correction action program as it exists for other programs under subtitle D. It is understandable that the Agency may feel the need to tighten certain restrictions because the rule is self-implementing.    However, by removing flexibility regarding the boundary which compliance must be demonstrated and flexibility to determine the appropriate cleanup levels and eliminating cost as a factor that can be considered in completing corrective action, the final rule jeopardizes the future of risk-based cleanup decisions at coal ash disposal units.    The removal of this flexibility also creates uncertainty with respect to ongoing cleanups at coal ash disposal facilities.    While we acknowledge the amount of time and effort EPA put into drafting the final rule, because of the significant limitations of the rule, we still believe that a legislative solution might be required that would set minimum Federal standards and allow States to develop enforceable permit programs to implement the standards, which we think could still be the best approach in dealing with coal ash.    I can assure you that we intend to be thoughtful with respect to the requirements in the final rule and how they differ from the legislation that we moved through this committee and the House during the last Congress, and we will update the legislation as necessary.    As Mr. Stanislaus pointed out when he spoke with us last time, there are some important issues that our previous bills did not address, in particular, regulation of inactive impoundments. We will address these units as we move forward.    I would like to thank the administration for all the cooperation we have received to date on this issue. EPA has been constructive and helpful both with our legislative efforts during the last Congress and recently as we worked through the issues with the final rule. We appreciate all our witnesses for being here.    I would also thank Mr. McKinley, who has been a driving force behind moving this legislation and for his continued leadership on this issue.    And I would like to express my appreciation for fellow committee Members for sticking with us as we continue to push forward to ensure that effective regulation of coal ash.    Mr. Shimkus. With that, I yield back my time.    And I recognize Mr. Tonko, the ranking member of the subcommittee, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Shimkus. I want to thank my colleague for his kind words.    And now I would like to yield 5 minutes to the chairman of the full committee, Mr. Upton.    Mr. Shimkus. The gentleman's time expired.    The Chair now recognizes the ranking member of the full committee, Mr. Pallone, for 5 minutes. It was nice saying that. So welcome.    Mr. Shimkus. The gentleman yields back his time.    And I want to thank my colleagues again.    Now I would like to recognize Mathy Stanislaus from the     Thank you for coming. I think you heard from a lot of Members of--you know, this is one issue we really appreciate the work that we have done together, and we look forward to working with you more.    You are recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Shimkus. Thank you very much.    Now I would like to recognize myself for 5 minutes for an opening round of questions.    So, again, numerous times we appreciate your good effort and good work, and we look forward to working with you. But just to get some clarification--and we have got your partner sitting behind you who will be also working within their States.    Under the final rule, no permits will be issued. Isn't that correct?    Mr. Shimkus. They can. But there is no requirement to. There is no permitting process in the new rule.    Mr. Shimkus. And you understand why we are asking that, because the legislation we moved last cycle said Federal standards, State implementation, permitting process where there is certainty. And I think it goes to Mr. McKinley's point.    Isn't it true that States are not required to adopt or implement the requirements?    Mr. Shimkus. And neither EPA nor the States can directly enforce requirements in the final rule. Isn't that correct?    Mr. Shimkus. Yes. And the only enforcement mechanism under the recently reduced rule is through citizen suits and more litigation. Is that correct?    Mr. Shimkus. You are more optimistic than I am. I can guarantee you that.    Even if States adopt the Federal rule, utilities will have to comply with the State requirements and the Federal rule. Is that correct?    Mr. Shimkus. But you understand the concern in this line of questioning is it is kind of vague: ``They can'' or ``They might,'' ``We kind of hope they do.'' There is an expectation that they probably will, but there is really not a lot of clarity.    And then the other concern is, if you are relying on citizen suits--or citizen suits will come. Right? There is no doubt that they will come.    And if they are regionally directed, then you could have multiple standards throughout the country which aren't the same, based upon the litigation and the rulings in these different courts.    Isn't that a concern?    Mr. Shimkus. You are more optimistic than I am. And you mentioned the preamble, so I am going to kind of address it.    If a regulated facility complies with a State requirement that is more stringent and, therefore, is not the same as the requirement in the final rule, will the regulated entity also have to comply with the Federal requirement?    Mr. Shimkus. Correct.    Mr. Shimkus. Yes. And I think we are going to hear testimony in the next panel that they don't believe that that is true, that there will be a two-fold process, the Federal Government and the State EPA. And that is one of the concerns that we have with the rule. So good people can agree to disagree.    And I now would like to recognize the ranking member of the subcommittee, Mr. Tonko, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Shimkus. The gentleman yields back his time.    Just a notification to my colleagues: The votes have been called. We have about 10 minutes before a lot of us need to get there.    That means I think we can get 5 minutes on each side and then we will recess and have folks come back to finish this panel.    So the Chair now recognizes the vice chair of the subcommittee, Mr. Harper, for 5 minutes. And congratulations on your elevation.    Mr. Shimkus. Mr.--you just finished.    Mr. Shimkus. The gentleman yields back.    The Chair now recognizes the ranking member of the full committee, Mr. Pallone, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Shimkus. The gentleman yields back his time.    I think we will recess now and come back immediately after the vote. There should be two votes. You all have time to stretch and get a cup of coffee. But most of us will come back promptly after the second vote.    So this hearing is now recessed.    Mr. Shimkus. I am going to call the hearing back to order.    And I think the next order of business is recognizing the gentleman from West Virginia for 5 minutes for his round of questions.    Mr. Shimkus. The gentleman's time has expired.    The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania, Mr. Doyle, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Shimkus. The gentleman yields back his time.    The Chair now recognizes, it looks like the gentleman from North Dakota, Mr. Cramer, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Shimkus. The gentleman yields back his time.    The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from California, Mr. McNerney, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Shimkus. The gentleman yields back his time.    Before I yield to Mr. Flores, I want to ask unanimous consent that a letter written today by the U.S. Green Building Council be submitted for the record. Is there objection?    Hearing none, so ordered.    Mr. Shimkus. Now I would like to recognize Congressman Flores from Texas for 5 minutes.    Mr. Shimkus. The gentleman yields back his time.    The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Ohio, Mr. Latta, who was actually very involved in pushing this legislation through in the last couple Congresses.    Mr. Shimkus. And I thank you for that.    The Chair now recognizes the other gentleman from Ohio, Mr. Johnson, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Johnson of Ohio. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And thank you, Mr. Director, for being here with us this morning.    I want to get a clarification on something you said earlier. So the State program does not operate in lieu of the Federal program, correct?    Mr. Shimkus. The gentleman yields back his time.    The Chair now recognizes a new member of the subcommittee, Mr. Cardenas from California, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Shimkus. You are more than welcome. It is great to have you on the subcommittee. And we could provide you some coal ash, if you would like some, in the L.A. Basin on some railcars. How about that?    So we want to thank you for coming. Again, great work. We will listen to the second panel and see what--I would expect that we would try to maybe look at some of these tweaks that you have heard about today.    And, with that, we will dismiss you and we will empanel the second panel. So thank you very much for coming.    So, as our second panel is being seated, just for the sake of time, I am going to--I have done this numerous times, and I always mess up. So I think I will just do the introduction of each person right before they give the 5-minute opening statement.    Our panelists all know that their full statement is submitted for the record. And just based on time, and we don't know when the votes are, we won't be mean about the 5 minutes, but we would like for you to adhere to that as best as possible.    So, with that, I am going to turn to the second panel and, first, Mr. Thomas Easterly, who is the commissioner of the Indiana Department of Environmental Management.    We are very happy to have you here. And, sir, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Shimkus. Thank you very much.    And I failed to do it and will do it with Mr. Forbeck, but I would also mention that you are representing the Environmental Council of the States. And they have been very helpful in the process. We look forward to working with you.    And now I want to recognize for 5 minutes Mr. Michael Forbeck, Environmental Program Manager from the Pennsylvania Department of Environmental Protection, Bureau of Waste Management, and on behalf of ASTSWMO.    So you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Shimkus. Thank you very much.    Next, we would like to recognize Ms. Lisa Johnson, chief executive officer and general manager of Seminole Electric Cooperative, Incorporated.    And just for your information, I have a lot of cooperatives in my district, and we appreciate the work you all do.    Mr. Shimkus. Thank you very much.    Now I would like to turn to Mr. Thomas Adams, executive director of American Coal Ash Association.    You are recognized for 5 minutes, sir.Washington, DC. We are headquartered in Farmington Hills, Michigan, and have a staff of two full-time employees. We rely on volunteer members to accomplish our work, which is mostly technical.    I would like to emphasize that, while we have some of the largest utilities in the country as members, most of our members are small businesses, comprised of people who have dedicated their entire career to the cause of beneficial use and improving our environment. It is these small businesses that were hurt most by the regulatory uncertainty EPA created in 2009 when it suggested the possibility of ``hazardous waste'' designation for coal-ash management.    There are many good reasons to view coal ash as a resource rather than a waste. Using it conserves natural resources, saves energy, and significantly reduces greenhouse gas emissions from the manufacturing of products that it replaces.    In many cases, products manufactured with coal ash perform better than products made without it. For example, the American Road and Transportation Builders Association determined that the use of coal ash in concrete roads and bridges saves departments of transportation across the country over $5 billion per year.    It is important to remember in this conversation that coal ash has never qualified as hazardous waste based on its toxicity. It does contain trace amounts of metals, and those metals are found at similar levels in soils and hundreds of household items. An ACAA study released in 2012 analyzed data from the U.S. Geological Survey which showed that concentration of metals and coal ash, with very few exceptions, are below environmental screening levels for residential soils and are similar to the concentrations found in common dirt. Despite a drumbeat of publicity by anti-coal environmental groups, coal ash is no more toxic than the manufactured materials it replaces.    Unfortunately, this discussion has had real-world negative consequences for the beneficial use of coal ash. When EPA began discussing a potential ``hazardous waste'' designation for coal ash in 2009, the Agency cast a cloud over beneficial use that caused coal-ash users across the Nation to decrease beneficial-use activities. The volume of coal ash used since 2008 has declined every year since that year.    The decline of beneficial use stands in stark contrast to the previous decade's trend, when in the year 2000 the recycling volume was 32.1 million tons at the time when the EPA issued its final regulatory determination that the regulation of coal-ash management as hazardous waste was not warranted. Over the next 8 years, with EPA encouragement, coal-ash beneficial use skyrocketed to 60.6 million tons and almost a 100 percent increase in the use. According to the most recently released data from 2013, 51.4 million tons of CCPs were beneficially used, down from 51.9 million in 2012 and well below the 2008 peak.    The great irony of this lengthy debate over coal-ash disposal regulations is that the debate caused more ash to be disposed. If the past 5 years had simply remained equal to 2008's utilization, we would have seen 26.4 million tons less coal ash put into landfills and impoundments.    The ACAA appreciates EPA's final decision to regulate coal ash as nonhazardous. We believe this decision puts science ahead of politics and clears the way for the beneficial use of coal ash to begin growing again, thereby keeping millions of tons out of landfills and ponds in the first place.    We are also painfully aware, however, that EPA has made final decisions before, only to reverse course in the future. A hazardous-versus-nonhazardous debate occurred prior to the Agency's 2000 final determination, which 8 years later turned out to be not so final.    Additionally, the final rule's preamble states that the rule defers final double regulatory determination with respect to CCR that is disposed in landfills and CCR surface impoundments until additional information is available on a number of key technical and policy questions. Apparently, 34 years of study, 2 reports to Congress, 2 formal regulatory determinations, and a final rule issued after a 6-year rulemaking process may not be enough for EPA to make a truly final final determination.    Bills previously passed by the House would resolve these issues permanently. The bills would put enforcement responsibility authority in the hands of professional State environmental regulators and expand EPA's authority to step in if States don't do the job. ACAA supports this approach as better public policy.    We would like to thank you, Mr. Chairman, for this committee's diligence in addressing this issue. We believe it is important to keep beneficial use at the forefront of U.S. coal management policy. The best solution to disposal problems is not to dispose.    Mr. Shimkus. Thank you very much.    The Chair now recognizes Mr. James Roewer, executive director of Utilities Solid Waste Activities Group, on behalf of the Edison Electric Institute.    Welcome, sir. You have got 5 minutes.    Mr. Shimkus. Thank you very much.    The Chair now recognizes Mr. Schaeffer, director of Environmental Integrity Projects.    Sir, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Shimkus. Thank you very much.    You all have done a great job. We have gotten through the opening statements.    Last but not least, Mr. Holleman, senior attorney for the Southern Environmental Law Center.    Sir, welcome, and you have 5 minutes.    Mr. Shimkus. Thank you, sir.    I will now recognize myself for 5 minutes for the first round of questioning.    The first question is for Ms. Johnson.    How would your company make compliance decisions if the Florida Department of Environmental Protection sets requirements that are not exactly the same even if they are more stringent than the final rule?    Mr. Shimkus. And for Mr. Roewer, in the final rule, because it is quote/unquote ``self-implementing,'' EPA eliminated much of the flexibility of corrective action program as exists under all subtitle D programs. Could you please walk us through what flexibilities were eliminated and what that would mean for closure and corrective action?    Mr. Shimkus. Yes, and go back and briefly explain this risk-based decisionmaking, what it is, and how it may be incorporated into a State coal ash program.    Mr. Shimkus. In your opinion, would EPA be able to approve a State program that incorporated any of the flexibility for corrective action, including a risk-based decisionmaking process?    Mr. Shimkus. Thank you.    Mr. Forbeck, as an experienced State regulator yourself, I presume you have spoken with your counterparts in other States. Can you share your initial thoughts on the final rule, in particular the implementation?    Mr. Shimkus. And who testified in their opening statement--because we have a big panel--about the 6 months required under the EPA?    Mr. Shimkus. That was yours.    Mr. Shimkus. And then some States might take 18 months to do their solid waste plan based upon the laws in the States about hearings and notifications and the like.    Mr. Shimkus. And, finally, my last question is for Mr. Easterly. Your written testimony states that the opening and approval of a State solid waste management plan must be completed on an aggressive schedule that Indiana cannot meet. Can you explain why that is and whether you expect that would be a problem other States might have as well? And tell Governor Pence ``hi'' for us.    Mr. Shimkus. And I thought we were bad.    So now the Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York, Mr. Tonko, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Shimkus. Turn the microphone on, please.    Mr. Shimkus. The gentleman's time is expired.    The Chair now recognizes Mr. Harper from Mississippi.    Mr. Shimkus. The gentleman yields back his time.    Without objection, I ask unanimous consent to allow Mr. Schaeffer to respond for a minute to----    Mr. Shimkus. We kind of abide by rules.    Mr. McKinley gets another 5 more minutes, so we are going to let you interject here before he goes next again.    Mr. Shimkus. Yes,fortunately, you have got 17 seconds left.    We will allow Mr. Forbeck from the great State, the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, to respond.    Mr. Shimkus. Thank you very much.    Now, because of the magic of our rules, the Chair recognize the gentleman from West Virginia.    Are you done?    Mr. Shimkus. OK. Thank you.    The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from North Dakota, Mr. Cramer for 5 minutes.    Mr. Shimkus. And the gentleman's time is expired.    I just want to assure people that there is no discussion even in the last bill of alleviating or taking the citizen's right to sue out of RCRA, so you could rest comfortably in that.    Votes are being called. We still have one Member who wants to ask some questions, so the Chair will----    Mr. Shimkus . Recognize Mr. Latta for 5 minutes.    Mr. Shimkus. I thank the gentleman.    And before I adjourn, I need to ask unanimous consent to accept a letter by the Prairie River Network, located in Champaign, Illinois, and accompanying attachments from local communities and resolutions.    Without objection, so ordered.    Mr. Shimkus. And I want to thank you all for coming. Great hearing. Look forward to working with you as we move forward, and this hearing is adjourned.