    Mr. Rice. Okay. So Dr. Solomon retired in 2013 and we started our recruitment for a full-time physician. The job was advertised multiple times on usajobs, however, if a physician approached us, we can hire them without the job being advertised. So one of the things I did, I sent an email message to the CEO War Memorial to see if he could help us in our recruitment efforts, and all that he could provide at that time was mid-levels. So then I reached out and got a listing of all the providers in Chippewa County and I personally sent them a note asking if they were interested in coming over to the VA. I had one physician who was thinking about shutting down his practice, but it would be two to three years.    The number of times the position has been advertised in the newspaper was 25 times prior to us hiring the NP and 19 times since. We made the decision, or I made the decision as the Director that after recruiting for the position for over a year, it was in the best interest of our veterans to hire a mid-level, so I take full responsibility for that. We felt a clinic with a provider was better than not having a provider at all.    The panel size at the clinic was 1,187. A full-time provider who could handle 1,200 patients--mid-level, 900. During that time we were approached by an NP from the Battle Creek VA. They grew up in the UP and wanted to relocate. So we hired that individual, and then she ended up retiring, and then just this past month we hired an additional PA. So we can cover a panel of about 1,500 patients.    One of the things, I know not everybody is satisfied with telehealth, but telehealth is the way we conduct for patients that are more complex, back to the medical center where they direct care from a physician.    Dr. McNutt can add to that.    Mr. Rice. Right now, the first time since I have been the Director at Iron Mountain, we are practically fully staffed and we have three provider vacancies. We are really trying to focus on recruiting physicians who like the rural environment, the lifestyle. We have made a concentrated effort to approach it that way, do more home grown approach. I don't think it has been a thorny issue. I think we have been able to meet most every demand from a physician that we recently hired, like the anesthesiologist, podiatrist, some psychiatrists. We have been able to meet their financial demands.    Mr. Rice. Yes, that is correct. We try to staff with physicians.    Mr. Rice. So, a little history. We first started out with Waters. Waters signed up, and we have an agreement with them, as well as they are signing up to be a Choice provider. Then we moved on to Hannahville. Hannahville doesn't have the capacity to be a Choice provider, but they want to be reimbursed. So we are finalizing an agreement with them.    Mr. Rice. No, like Gina said, Ms. Capra, to sign them up as either a Choice provider or an agreement to take care of Native American veterans.    Mr. Rice. Correct.    Mr. Rice. Yes. The can get an authorization----    Mr. Rice. So we met with their representative actually since 2014, and we are working with CBO to get the agreement finalized so they can be reimbursed for the time they take care of Native Americans. We are encouraging them to sign up to be a Choice provider, but that is their choice, and they would have to work with Health Net. We try to provide them information so they can make that next step.    Mr. Rice. No, they are not yet. But we do have a successful agreement over in Manistique where they take care of our optometry patients in the Manistique area. So we have been successful with the Sioux Tribe with setting up an agreement.    Mr. Rice. Correct, and that is to reimburse for--we are trying to set up these agreements so we can provide reimbursement any time they take care of a Native American veteran. I think the MOUs want to focus on taking care of all veterans at their clinic, and that is why we are encouraging to go the Choice route, because then we can reimburse through Choice.    Mr. Rice. Prior to the Choice program, we did have Waters, for example, the health clinic in Waters sign up, and they could be reimbursed for care in the community or the old NBCC program as a fee provider. We can't direct patients--so if we wanted to have all our patients go to that clinic, we would have to have a contract, and the contract would have to go out for bid. So we thought it was quicker if we had them sign up as a Choice provider or a fee provider, because then they are already signed up.    Mr. Rice. Actually, we have had three meetings over here, educational sessions with all the tribal clinics, the Lower Peninsula and the Upper Peninsula and VISN 11. We meet once a year to try to provide education. So, yes, we have been discussing this----    Mr. Rice. Yes.    Mr. Rice. For VTS, we do have a local program. The routes are based on Iron Mountain. We go 60 to 90 miles from Iron Mountain. The transportation from the Sault to Iron Mountain, as previously mentioned, is by vans. There are some restrictions because they cannot take patients who are on oxygen, so that does create a challenge. But with the recent Choice program now, the services provided at the Sault, we have been authorizing care in the community so the veterans don't have to travel over to Iron Mountain, and that is improving every day. We have work to do, but that is our goal, to provide the care here, to get it closer to home for our veterans.    Mr. Rice. Sure. We have been real fortunate, actually. It has allowed us to start programs this past year. For example, this is the first time we are offering PT at one of our outpatient clinics through a rural health grant. We were able to remodel some space at the Rhinelander clinic in Wisconsin, hire a physical therapist, as well as a PTA. That has allowed us to establish three E-RANGE teams across the UP, one in Manistique, one in Hancock, and one in Rhinelander. It has enabled us to start some surgeon programs back at the main campus.    So we have been real lucky that this program exists. We were able to bring services that we wouldn't have been able to bring to our community otherwise.    Mr. Rice. I would just say the same, that what we are trying to do is really educate our clerks that every time they make an appointment, that they really discuss with the veteran any future appointments.    But one of the goals, as I said for the medical center this year, is prior to any veteran leaving the clinic, for example if they need a specialty clinic, that they have that appointment before they leave the medical center so we can be more veteran-centric.    One of the things we also spend a lot of time on, I have a slide that I use when I go out and do the town halls, really that we want our staff to recognize that our main goal is to make sure veterans get the care at the right time and at the right place, and sometimes that right place isn't Iron Mountain VA, it is here in the community.    So it is really changing the mindset of how we approach care to our veterans, that it is okay if we give care in the community, changing the mindset. Everybody always thought it had to be behind our four walls, but really we have to put the veteran first and make sure we address his or her needs.    Mr. Rice. That is unacceptable.    Mr. Rice. They are supposed to. We try to do it. Because of when Phoenix occurred, what we do now is leadership. Myself, Dr. McNutt, we meet with our clerks every Friday and we go over the hot topics and scheduling. We discuss this topic a lot because some of the complaints I hear from the veterans when they call me directly is the same that we heard today, that I had an appointment today and they made me come all the way back. So really educating our schedulers to make sure they have that discussion with the veterans so we understand what their future appointments are so we can try to batch them all on the same day.    Mr. Rice. We did have some positive comments about telehealth, but we do have over 37 clinical telehealth programs now, and one of those programs, for example, is we have tele-audiology where we can actually fit the hearing aid via tele to prevent veterans from traveling far distances to get adjustments to their hearing aids, and that is a new program we started last year.    Mr. Rice. Iron Mountain is one of 13 pilot sites across the country where we are sharing records electronically with the private sector hospital. Where we have been successful so far is with the state home. In Marquette, any time they have a new admission, we share the records electronically. Then we are also working with Dickinson, Marquette General, and I think St. Francis. It is in the early stages, but our goal is that relatively soon we will be able to share records.    Mr. Rice. Currently right now we are not recruiting for a physician, but one of the things we have been real successful this past year--like, for example, Marquette, with some changes that went on with Marquette General, that we have encouraged all physicians, if they are interested in working for us, we have been able to work out arrangements where we can take on additional providers, be it via tele or other means of providing care.    Mr. Rice. Since 2013 we haven't had any.    Mr. Rice. The DAV driver from the Sault I think is very, very----    Mr. Rice. In the past year we have driven 1,000 miles for the VA. We transported almost 2,700 veterans who were served by the DAV. But I would be willing to discuss with him those issues. Recently I worked with some veteran groups, but not--we try to get to the Hancock clinic, to our main campus. So we would be willing to sit down and talk about that.