    Mr. King. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I thank the witnesses for your testimony.    First, it was mentioned that there's a general agreement among the panel, I believe, and others, that except for a few people who would like to expand the dragnet. I would ask Mr. Cook and Mr. Littlehale, is there anything in this bill that expands the dragnet?    Mr. Cook?    Mr. King. Well, let me define dragnet so that you don't have to. And that would be is there anything in this bill that expands your ability to do investigations that maybe makes innocent citizens more vulnerable?    Mr. King. That's my understanding of it as well. Mr. Littlehale?    Mr. King. And you would share the characterization with Mr. Cook as well?    Mr. King. I thank both gentlemen. I turn to Mr. Salgado. In thinking about this from a Google perspective, when I or a citizen sign up for an email account, there's a long agreement that's there that I have to confess I have not studied that or have my attorney look that over, but I say, okay I agree. And I sign up for my email. And I'm glad to have the service. And it works really good. Am I in that waiving some protection to privacy in that agreement?    Mr. King. Will you honor subpoenas?    Mr. King. Are you aware of any ISPs that have a different policy than you're describing here with Google's?    Mr. King. Then practice is pretty close to the mirror of the act we're discussing, the legislation we're discussing?    Mr. King. So I would burn more time on that but I appreciate your response. And I would like to turn to Mr. Rosenzweig because I believe that you gave the clearest definition of modern electronics versus the postal service from that constitutional--the Founders' era. This is still the constitutional era. And I would put it this way, ISP equals post office, emails equal your filing cabinet. Is that an accurate description of yours?    Mr. King. Okay. Yes. Stored emails. And could I have the right to, if I had an ISP provider that said we want to waive, will you waive your authority, will I waive my constitutional protections and hand that data over to an ISP provider, I could do that willingly, couldn't I, under the constitution and current law?    Mr. King. You're familiar with California v. Greenwood?    Mr. King. And so the distinction here between Warshak and California v. Greenwood, which is essentially if you take your garbage out to the curb, it's not protected by any Fourth Amendment right. If I delete my emails, and they're within the custody of an ISP, and I've waived my right to privacy, that would be open access then to the investigators?    Mr. King. So it's actually, we're getting where we need to go with this panel, I think is the distinction between Greenwood and Warshak on what those emails consist of, are they garbage or aren't they, are they access to an investigator by subpoena or by a warrant or aren't they. So I appreciate the panel. This has been clarifying testimony today. And I thank the Chairman. And I yield back the balance of my time.