    Mr. Lynch. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I would like to thank you for you holding this hearing to examine the boycott, divestment, and sanctions movement, also known as BDS.    And I would also like to welcome today's witnesses for helping the committee with its work.    It is the foreign policy of the United States Government to oppose boycotts against the state of Israel. Israel is our strongest regional ally, and the economic isolation of Israeli goods and services will only frustrate our efforts aimed at achieving a lasting peace in the Middle East.    The United States has consistently opposed the boycott of Israel declared by the Arab League in 1948. Most recently, Congress passed and President Obama signed an omnibus appropriations bill in December of 2014 that included language opposing the Arab League boycott as an impediment to peace in the region and called for its immediate termination.    As with the Arab League boycott, the United States Government opposes the boycott, divestment, and sanctions movement that commenced in 2005 under the organization of Palestinian civil society groups. As recently stated by State Department spokesman John Kirby, the United States has, ``strongly opposed boycotts, divestments, campaigns, and sanctions targeting the state of Israel and will continue to do so.''    Some Members of Congress have questioned the administration's willingness to enforce an anti-boycott provision included in the fast-track trade bill passed last month. The provision seeks to discourage foreign partners from implementing economic sanctions against the state of Israel and also makes reference to, ``Israeli-controlled territories.''    In response to this language, the State Department has reiterated strong U.S. opposition to boycotts against Israel, while also reaffirming similarly longstanding U.S. Policy on Israeli settlement activity. As noted by the State Department, ``Every U.S. administration since 1967, Republican and Democrat, has opposed Israeli settlement activity beyond the 1967 lines. This administration is no different, and our policy remains firm and unchanged.'' This policy is in complete harmony with the desire for a two-state solution.    Contrary to the criticism that has been voiced by some of our colleagues, I believe that the administration has been very clear in consistently applying the longstanding policy of the United States to oppose boycotts against the state of Israel.    I would also note that the bipartisan sponsors of the anti-boycott language included in the trade bill, Senator Cardin and Senator Portman, have been equally clear in stating that they never intended their amendment to legislate on settlements or contravene U.S. policy on the settlements. Rather, the language seeks to further discourage boycotts against Israel in accordance with longstanding policy.    I am aware that the BDS movement has become effective in some degree; it has had some impact. The bipartisan Congressional Research Service notes that divestment from Israel and boycotts of Israeli products and services have occurred to a certain extent. Mr. Birnbaum will testify, I am sure, on the economic impact of boycotts against his company, SodaStream, an Israeli manufacturer that had a manufacturing facility in the West Bank.    In December of 2013, the National Council of the American Studies Association, a nationwide academic organization, voted to boycott Israeli academic institutions. In recognition of the value of academic freedom and cooperation to foster peace in the Middle East, 134 Members of Congress, including myself, Members from both parties, sent a letter to the association in strong opposition to their decision.    Mr. Chairman, I look forward to discussing these and other issues relating to the BDS movement. And I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Lynch. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I do want to revisit the idea about congressional intent, though, and I think you raise an important point. But in determining what congressional intent is in a bill, I think it is entirely appropriate to ask those legislators what they intended. And we did ask. We did ask Senator Cardin and we did ask Senator Portman what they intended by their amendment. And they intended that there be no change in the State Department policy.    So that is probably why you don't have a clarification on what State Department policy is, because they intended no change, and the administration saw no change. And the amendment passed unanimously, with no controversy whatsoever. And it was a consistent continuation of U.S. policy.    I think one thing we can agree on is the importance of reaching a sustainable, peaceful solution between the Israelis and Palestinians. The two-state solution offers a vision of two secure, coexisting democratic nations. It has been a longstanding foreign policy objective of the United States and is supported by the vast majority of Congress.    Mr. Duss, how long has the United States supported the two-state solution as a matter of official policy?    Mr. Lynch. Now, I am not as--I know the outward manifestations of the BDS movement, but does the BDS movement generally support or oppose the two-state solution?    Mr. Lynch. Okay.    Now, there has already been some discussion of the provision in the trade promotion authority bill, and specifically the phrase, ``Israel or persons doing business in Israel or Israeli-controlled territories.''    Mr. Duss, your written testimony states, ``Conflating Israel and the settlements represents a clear threat to the two-state solution itself, undermining our country's ability to effectively broker a peace agreement between the Palestinians and Israelis. This is why it is important and appropriate for State Department to offer a clarification.''    Can you elaborate or clarify on that?    Mr. Lynch. Okay.    Let me ask you this. Your testimony also indicates that blurring the distinction between Israel and its settlements is, ``precisely what most radical elements in the BDS movement strive to achieve. And it would be hugely counterproductive to give BDS an unearned win by cooperating in any way with that conflation.''    Can you elaborate on that and clarify?    Mr. Lynch. Okay.    I have 12 seconds left. I will yield back. Thank you.    Mr. Lynch. I do.    Mr. Lynch. Thank you.    Mr. Duss, there were some very serious accusations made by the gentleman from Oklahoma earlier in the hearing. While he asked everybody else their opinion of his accusations of you, he did not give you an opportunity to address those. So what I am going to do is I am going to yield my 5 minutes to you. I also know that he made accusations about stuff that your brother said. I am not sure how you are going to handle that, but take whatever time you would like.    I think it is fairness. This is Congress. This is an open hearing, and we should hear from our witnesses. So I am going to yield you the balance of my time for you to address the accusations made against you. Proceed.    Mr. Lynch. Thank you.    I yield back.