    Mr. Olson. Madam Chair, members of the committee, thank you for the opportunity to appear before you today to discuss the current state of the United States' bilateral relationship with Pakistan. I am honored to testify in front of you for the first time in my capacity as U.S. Special Representative for Afghanistan and Pakistan, after having served as your Ambassador in Pakistan and previously at our Embassy in Kabul. I am humbled and privileged to be in this new role at such a critical time for the U.S. relationship with both Pakistan and Afghanistan.    It is clear to me that despite many challenges, Pakistan will continue to be an important partner for the United States for the foreseeable future, particularly in light of our enduring presence in Afghanistan. While we do not always see eye to eye on every issue, our relationship with Pakistan is vital to the national security of the United States. Most importantly, we have the opportunity to continue working with Pakistan today on counterterrorism issues along with strategic stability, economic growth, and democratic governance to help shape a future in which Pakistan is more stable, increasingly prosperous, and plays a constructive role in the region.    Pakistan is a complex place, and it is important not to overlook the significant progress made in the last few years. In 2013, Pakistan completed its first democratic transition from one elected civilian government to another. During the past 2 years, we can point to progress, however imperfect, made across the economic and security sectors. Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif and his team have restored macroeconomic stability to Pakistan and improved economic growth. While structural changes are still needed to set Pakistan's economy on a path to accelerated growth, the reforms to date are a considerable accomplishment.    There has also been substantial changes on the security front. Beginning in June 2014, Pakistan initiated large-scale counterterrorism operations in the Federally Administered Tribal Areas. The subsequent Peshawar Army School attack of exactly 1 year ago today was cited by terrorists as retribution for Pakistan's operations. It galvanized public opinion in Pakistan and prompted Pakistan to increase its counterterrorism efforts, not just in tribal areas. Through these operations, Pakistan has rooted out many terrorist safe havens and recovered more than 160 tons of improvised explosive device precursors.    In addition to taking action on internal threats, Pakistan's CT cooperation with the United States on al-Qaeda has been critical in decimating the organization. However, while Pakistan has made significant sacrifices in its fight against terrorism, we believe it can also take more steps to put pressure on all terrorist groups in Pakistan that threaten regional stability.    Pakistan is becoming a more constructive actor in the region. Last July, Pakistan facilitated a direct meeting between Afghan Government and Taliban officials in Murree, Pakistan, a milestone in our ongoing efforts to pursue a political settlement in Afghanistan. Last week Pakistan hosted the Regional Heart of Asia conference, attended by President Ghani, which yielded productive discussions about regional cooperation to advance the peace process and Afghanistan's long-term stability. In addition, India and Pakistan's commitment last week to restart a bilateral dialogue is particularly important.    In describing this progress, it is nonetheless clear that real challenges remain. While we see progress in decreasing the presence of certain terrorists in Pakistan, we continue to press Pakistan to target all militant groups that have safe haven in Pakistan, particularly the Taliban, including the Haqqani Network and Lashkar-e-Tayyiba. We have made it clear to the Pakistanis that these organizations threaten Pakistan, the region, and the panoply of our mutual national security interests, and they must be addressed rigorously.    We have also asked Pakistan to do all that it can to help recover U.S. citizens hostages held on Pakistani territory. We continue to press for greater cooperation between Afghanistan and Pakistan, both to stabilize the common border region and to build the constructive relationship necessary for regional stability. It is also critical that Pakistan improve relations with its other neighbor, India. Recent high-level talks between Indian and Pakistani officials and the announcement of the resumption of formal dialogue is welcome. We hope the dialogue will be used to reduce tensions and increase ties between the two nations.    Naturally, as Pakistan seeks to combat violent extremism and pursue counterinsurgency and counterterrorism objectives, we continue to encourage and support Pakistan to strengthen the rule of law, civil liberties, respect for human rights, accountability, and freedom of speech, which we firmly believe are vital to lasting peace and security.    Our civilian assistance programs help make progress toward these economic governance ends and a developing democracy, and it is essential they are sustained at current levels.    With that, I would like to conclude my statement, Madam Chair, and I am available for your questions and comments.    Mr. Olson. Thank you, Madam Chair. With regard to President Ghani, as I mentioned in my opening statement, he did travel to the Heart of Asia conference last week. And, of course, we have applauded President Ghani's outreach to Pakistan, which has been one of the notable characteristics of his time in office. And we believe that Pakistan has been wanting to reciprocate this outreach. Pakistan has taken several steps that are important in this regard. The first is that they hosted the Murree talks with the Taliban in July between the Government of Afghanistan and the Taliban, the first time that the Taliban had sat down with the Government of Afghanistan. And at the Heart of Asia Conference last week, they reaffirmed, President Nawaz Sharif reaffirmed, his support for the sovereignty of Afghanistan, the territorial integrity of Afghanistan, the legitimacy of its government and its constitution, all of which were, I think important points for President Ghani.    So we will continue to work with Pakistan to encourage them to bring the Taliban to the table to resume a peace and reconciliation process that is led by the Afghans and owned by the Afghans.    Mr. Olson. Yes, ma'am. We think there are, of course, many challenges in the Afghanistan and Pakistan relationship, but we think that the interests of a stable and peaceful Afghanistan are best served by having a positive relationship with Pakistan, which I think is the strategic vision of both President Ghani and Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif.    Mr. Olson. Thank you, Madam Chair.    With regard to Pakistan's own counterterrorism operations, in June 2014, Pakistan launched Operation Zarb-e-Azb against militant strongholds in North Waziristan tribal agency. This is something that the United States has wanted for a number of years because there were a number of groups located in North Waziristan, specifically in Miramshah, that threatened U.S.-Afghanistan, as well as others.    During the course of this operation over the course of more than a year and a half, the Pakistanis have lost nearly 500 troops, 488, it was just announced. At the same time, they have carried out terrorism operations throughout the settled areas of Pakistan, that is to say the non-tribal areas, the rest of Pakistan. And despite the terrible incident at the Peshawar Army School a year ago, there has been less blow-back than might have been expected from the terrorists.    As I said at the outset in my statement, most of the action has been--we think there is more that can be done in terms of targeting groups that don't just target Pakistan internally but are threats to their neighbors, and we continue to have an active dialogue with them. I had a very active dialogue during my 3 years in Pakistan on the question of the Haqqanis and also the question of Lashkar-e-Tayyiba; although Pakistan has taken steps to ban Lashkar-e-Tayyiba.    Mr. Olson. Thank you, Congressman. I agree with you that there continues to be challenges in this area. It is important to note that Pakistan has really had a shift over the course of the last year and a half. They have suffered enormously from terrorism. Over 2,000 soldiers or servicemembers killed, and many thousands of individual Pakistani citizens have died as a result of terrorist outrages. And the government has a stated commitment, articulated both by the Prime Minister and the army chief, to go after all terrorists without distinction. And we believe there is more that can be done with regard to Lashkar-e-Tayyiba and the Taliban, including particularly the Haqqani Network. And that is a very active element of our dialogue. I think it is safe to say that we have almost no meeting with the appropriate officials in which those topics are not raised in very vigorous, very vigorous, terms.    I think it is safe to say that the attacks that, that the clearing of North Waziristan has resulted in disruption, if not elimination, of the Haqqani Network's operational ability. And as I mentioned before, they have banned Lashkar-e-Tayyiba, but there is still work to be done in this area.    Mr. Olson. Thank you, Congressman.    First of all, let me just say a quick word since you began talking about India, about the recent upturn in relations between India and Pakistan, which I think is quite significant. As you know, the National Security Advisers met in Bangkok, and then Foreign Minister Swaraj attended the Heart of Asia conference and extended the hand of friendship to Pakistan, and that was very well received. And they have agreed to launch a comprehensive dialogue, which will, I think, hopefully improve the relationship.    One of the emphases that we have placed in our assistance programs has been to build regional connectivity. So the relaunch of a comprehensive dialogue will hopefully, exactly as you say, lead to the possibility of increased trade, for instance, between India and Pakistan, which we think would be beneficial to both sides and particularly help Pakistan. It could do more, frankly, in some ways than our assistance programs to raise the level of prosperity.    Mr. Olson. Thank you, Judge Poe.    With regard to, Pakistan does have a fleet of F-16s, and they have been developing a precision strike capability with those F-16s, which they have used to considerable effect in North Waziristan and in the tribal areas generally. This is within a framework of our security assistance to Pakistan, which has six objectives basically centered around counterinsurgency and counterterrorism. It is our belief that the F-16s have been used very effectively, the precision strike capability to take out terrorist targets, including safe havens that threaten our forces in Afghanistan.    Mr. Olson. Yes.    Mr. Olson. Well, Congressman, with regard to these groups, we have had a very active dialogue with them where we have pressed them repeatedly to take action against those groups that have a presence on Pakistani soil, including the Haqqani Network and the Taliban in general and also Lashkar-e-Tayyiba. They have--their operations in North Waziristan have had a disruptive effect. They, for instance, uncovered arms caches that belonged to the Haqqanis and were associated with the Haqqani mosque in Miramshah. I have been to Miramshah and seen some of the results of these efforts. But we do believe that there is more that can be done, and we continue to press them very hard on that matter.    I yield back.    Mr. Olson. Thank you very much, Congresswoman.    We believe that the best way forward with Pakistan is continued engagement, developing Pakistan's civilian economy, its ability to be a stable and prosperous country. It is a country that faces many challenges, some of which we have already identified. It faces challenges from terrorism, from violent extremism. It faces a large demographic challenge as the youth bulge comes into what should be their most productive years. We believe it is in our interests to continue engagement with Pakistan so that Pakistan is able to effectively harness the youth, having them be educated and prepared for the job market, so that Pakistan plays a more constructive role in the region as a whole.    Mr. Olson. Well, I think that our assistance programs over the past 5 years, our civilian assistance programs, have made a real impact on the life of ordinary Pakistanis. We have, through the so-called Kerry-Lugar-Berman authorization, added--it has been focused in five areas: Energy, economic growth, stabilization, health, and education. Some of the accomplishments that we can point to include adding 1,750 megawatts to Pakistan's electricity grid. Electricity is a huge problem for ordinary Pakistanis. We have added 1,000 kilometers of roads, many of those in the western part of the country connecting to Afghanistan so that there is greater regional connectivity and farmers can get produce to market. Committed over $250 million to returning refugees from the North Waziristan operation to their homes. We have extensive exchange programs. We bring many Pakistanis to the United States for study, which we think will shape their future attitudes to the United States. We have the largest, most extensively funded Fulbright Program in the world in Pakistan, and we have built 1,000 schools and funded 15,000 domestic scholarships and 23 U.S.-Pakistan university partnerships.    Finally, in health, I would just say that we have launched a hospital in Jacobabad and rehabilitated a major OB/GYN center at the Jinnah Post Graduate Medical Centre in Karachi, so we are addressing and focusing on maternal health care, which is a very important issue in terms of the overall health of the population.    Mr. Olson. Well, I think that it is important for us to continue engagement with Pakistan. Despite the challenges of the relationship, which are many, we believe that it is in our national interests not to allow Pakistan to become disengaged from us. And I think we can draw on the lessons of history there, especially the period in the 1990s and late 1980s, when we did somewhat disengage from the region, and we paid, I think, a significant price as a country for that at the beginning of the last decade. I think that with all of the challenges of the relationship, I think it is most important for the U.S. to be engaged and to build a partnership with Pakistan.    Mr. Ambassador, feel free to correct me if I am wrong, but I see a similar type of sentiments and a situation arising with the people of Balochistan. There are now these F-16s that the judge was talking about. Those F-16s and the military equipment that we are providing Pakistan are being used against their own people, just like they did against the people over there in Bangladesh. So am I mistaken in that we are using weapons that are provided--that they are using weapons provided by us against their own people in Balochistan and elsewhere?    Mr. Olson. First of all, thank you, Congressman, very much for your support and your kind words. I appreciate it greatly.    Let me say, with regard to corruption, there have been, as part of the national action plan that Pakistan adopted after the horrific attack on the Army School, there is an element of improving governance and going after corruption, and that has been particularly notable lately in some of the operations that have taken place in Karachi. There has been an anticorruption element to the government's action there.    Mr. Ambassador, a few minutes ago, you spoke of the hopeful signs of the relationship between Pakistan and India. I want to focus on the more troubling signs of the relationship with India but also with that of the United States. Pakistan--let's be truthful about this--plays a double game. They are our military partner, but they are the protector and the patron of our enemies, and this has been going on for 15 years. Since 2002, United States aid to Pakistan, economic and military, has averaged about $2 billion a year. Pakistan's annual defense budget is only about $5 billion a year. So we, the United States, finance a major portion of their economic and defense military budget. Yet by every measure, terrorism has become worse in both Afghanistan and Pakistan. In 2010, the most generous U.S. aid package to Pakistan of $4.5 billion--$4.5 billion--the United States suffered the highest level of casualties in Afghanistan, almost 500 soldiers.    Also, Pakistan is involved in an arms race against what it believes is its existential threat with India. In fact, according to the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace, Pakistan could have 350 nuclear warheads in the next decade, becoming the world's third biggest nuclear power, outpacing India, France, China, and the United Kingdom. There is no positive sign of any improved relations with India because Pakistan justifies its nuclear proliferation as a deterrent against aggression from the outside. So the United States has to get tougher with Pakistan, and we have to call them out on this double game that they have been playing, not this year, not last year, not 5 years, but for the past 15 years.    I can appreciate, and you in your capacity must try to, I guess, deal with these issues as diplomatically as possible, but when you really look at the cold, hard facts, when you really look at the cold, hard facts, Pakistan is not an ally to the United States. They have facilitated; they have encouraged; they have been a protector of the very enemies. So there are these two conversations going. There is one when the Americans are in the room and the other conversation when we are not in the room. And the one that is most detrimental to us, the American people, our American soldiers, is the one that is going on when we are not in the room.    I would ask you to comment.    Mr. Olson. Thank you, Congressman.    And I want to say that we do share your concern, particularly about the development of Pakistan's nuclear arsenal. We are concerned both by the pace and the scope of Pakistan's nuclear and missile program, including its pursuit of short-range nuclear systems. We are concerned that a conventional conflict in South Asia could escalate to include nuclear use as well as the increased security challenges that accompany growing stockpiles. I can tell you, sir, that we have had a very active dialogue at the highest levels with the Pakistanis in which we have made clear the nature of our very specific concerns.    Mr. Olson. Thank you, Congressman, and thank you for flagging the role Pakistan had with the JLOCs and other forms of support for our operations in Afghanistan. I would say with regard to nuclear weapons, first of all, I want to assure you that we do agree that nuclear security is a key issue. We have confidence in the capabilities of the security forces, the Pakistani security forces, to control and secure their nuclear weapons. We want to make sure that that continues to be the case.    With regard to proliferation concerns, Pakistan has made an effort over the past few years, and we have worked very closely with them to tighten export controls and to make sure that they are not in a position of proliferating nuclear materials. This has involved, of course, a cleanup from a previous situation that existed a decade ago. Our assessment is that they have made considerable progress in this area.    Mr. Olson. Yes. Thank you very much, Congressman. Let me just mention a couple of things on ISI. First of all, we do have a very robust engagement with ISI. I met with the ISI chief regularly during my tenure in Pakistan and made the points that I described earlier about terrorism directly to him. ISI does have a role to play with regard to Afghan reconciliation, and we think that the role that Pakistan at large played in bringing the Taliban to the table last summer was quite important, and they need to do that again, in our view, following up on the positive statements out of the Heart of Asia conference.    Mr. Olson. Well, we continue to press at every point for action on the Haqqanis. We have done this at the highest levels of our Government.    Mr. Olson. Well, as you know, Congresswoman, there was a decrement of $300 million from the coalition support funds I believe under last year's National Defense Authorization Act. I would have to refer you to the Department of Defense for how that is being implemented. The $300 million was subject to a certification of cooperation from the Haqqanis. So I would have to refer you to the Department of Defense on that.    Mr. Olson. Well, I think that Pakistan has taken a lot of steps over the last years to tighten up its control of nuclear security. They are well aware of their responsibilities with regard to protecting. And I think they have specifically taken into account the insider threat as well.    Mr. Olson. Ma'am, honestly, candidly, I would not be able to address these issues in this forum. But in another forum, it might be possible to do so. Thank you.    Mr. Olson. Yes, ma'am. The launching of operation of Operation Zarb-e-Azb in North Waziristan in June 2014 was something that the United States had actually wanted to see for quite some time. North Waziristan was where many of these militants, including the Haqqani Network, were based in Miramshah. Miramshah was completely cleared, including the Haqqani Network facilities, and armaments, tunnels, bunkers were uncovered, destroyed, and arms caches taken away, including 160 tons of precursors for improvised explosive devices. And this has had a disruptive effect not only on the Pakistani Taliban but also on the Haqqani Network and, by the way, al-Qaeda, which probably had some presence there as well. And the Pakistanis, including ISI, have cooperated with us in taking down al-Qaeda cells, including Adnan Shukrijumah, who was wanted for his plotting of attacks on the New York subway, and one other American citizen individual who was extradited from Pakistan in April of this year. So there has been quite a bit of counterterrorism cooperation between ISI and the Pakistan Government at large and the United States. And we believe that has been to our national interest.    Mr. Ambassador, thank you for being here. I had the privilege of traveling to Islamabad and then to South Waziristan. We couldn't go to North Waziristan because it was too dangerous. So we understand and appreciate the difficulty of your position and the tenuous circumstances of the relationship with Pakistan. That having been said, do we, as a Department of State, as the United States Government, have a time-related series of metrics to determine success or failure of our relationship and the money that the American taxpayer is spending regarding that relationship? Can you tell me of any?    Mr. Olson. Mr. Chair, thank you very much. And let me say it is a great pleasure to see you again after seeing you in Islamabad. For the assistance programs, that, of course, is the responsibility of our colleagues in USAID by and large. And they do have an extensive program of metrics and tracking their development assistance.    Mr. Olson. Well, I think that there has been a shift in Pakistan. During the time I was there, the 3 years that I was there, I definitely saw a shift in the public discourse on the terrorism issue. I think there is now a very broad consensus in Pakistani politics that it is necessary to go after these extremist groups. There was a period I think of doubt about the efficacy of going after the Pakistani Taliban. And that ended with the operation in North Waziristan in June 2014. There was a broad consensus. And it certainly was reinforced by the horrific incident of a year ago at the Peshawar Army School.    Mr. Olson. Well, Mr. Chair, as a matter of policy, we do not discuss prospective arms sales until they have been----    Mr. Olson. Well, if I could respond to a couple points, Mr. Chair. First, on Dr. Afridi, we fully agree with you that he has been unjustly imprisoned. And we have communicated this at the highest level to----    Mr. Olson. Well, Mr. Chair, we believe that, and, again, I can't talk about the details of a prospective notification, but let me say that we believe that the F-16s that we have already sold to Pakistan or provided under security assistance have been used to advance our national interests. They have been used against terrorists in North Waziristan and in the tribal areas. The precision strike capability of the F-16s and our programs are focused on counterinsurgency and counterterrorism----    Mr. Olson. Thank you, Congressman.    And we share your concern about the scope and pace of Pakistan's nuclear program. We do have an active dialogue on nonproliferation issues. We have a security----    Mr. Olson. We continue to have concerns about the scope and pace, sir. I think that is probably all I can say in this particular venue. But I did want to address one other issue that you raised. I can assure you, despite some press reports to the contrary, that we are not negotiating a 123 agreement, so-called 123 agreement, a civil nuclear cooperation agreement, with Pakistan.    Mr. Olson. We have had a very candid discussion with the Pakistanis about some of the concerns that we have, including about shorter range nuclear systems. And Pakistan has been prepared to engage with us in those discussions.    Mr. Olson. There are some very specific metrics and conditions that we use in all of our assistance programs, I mean, specific to the nature of the program, particularly in civilian assistance. With regard to security assistance, what we have done is negotiated a framework with the Pakistanis in which our security assistance is focused on the counterinsurgency and counterterrorism missions. And I think it is also particularly worth noting that two additional provisions, obviously, all of our assistance is subject to the Leahy Amendment, and we have a very rigorous Leahy process. This addresses the question of human rights. And in addition to that, we have very stringent end-use monitoring requirements on the Pakistanis, especially with regard to high-technology security assistance. And I can say that we are very strict on those. And the results have been satisfactory.    Mr. Olson. That we believe that the end-use monitoring systems have been effective.    Mr. Ambassador, I appreciate it. I was fortunate to go over to Afghanistan with Chairman Ros-Lehtinen, and we had an informative trip. Just to rehash, you know, we have given $30 billion since 2001 to Pakistan. You know, when you look through the list here, there is at least five terrorist networks that he know that are operating in the FATA area, along with ISIS is in area. And we have heard over and over again it is a no-man's-land. There is no rule. And in order to get peace in that area, there can't be the threat of terrorism. And Pakistan, is their goal to get rid of terrorism? I mean, how serious are they? Because I am not seeing it.    Mr. Olson. Sir, thank you. We have agreed for many years that the threat from the tribal areas was significant. In that regard----    Mr. Olson. Well, Congressman, Pakistan has launched operations in North Waziristan. They have reasserted their sovereign authority over----    Mr. Olson. Well, they have completely cleared the city of Miramshah, which was the headquarters of, amongst others, the Haqqani Network and the Pakistan Taliban, completely cleared it. I have been to downtown Miramshah. There is no one there. So they cleared the city and cleared all of the networks. They have taken 488 casualties, deaths amongst their soldiers just in Operation Zarb-e-Azb. So I think their commitment is serious to fighting terrorism.    But the concern that we have, sir--and I have flagged this--is we think that more needs to be done against the Haqqani Network and some of the groups that threaten Pakistan's neighbors, not just the ones that threaten them internally.    Mr. Olson. Yes, sir. I mean, they have used the F-16 for precision strikes in the tribal areas. I don't have the specific metrics with me here today on the numbers of strikes they have conducted. But they are a regular feature of their operations. And we believe they have been effective in taking out terrorists that are of concern to us as well as to them.    Mr. Olson. Sir, with regard to the F-16s, let me say that we believe that they have been a very effective instrument of counterinsurgency and counterterrorism. As I said, out of respect for congressional prerogatives, we do not discuss prospective sales until they have been formally notified.    Mr. Olson. I do not have that available, Congressman. And we can take that back and see if we have that information.    I can tell you anecdotally from my personal experience, it is a high proportion, but it is not an exclusive proportion.    Mr. Olson. Sir, we believe that engagement with Pakistan is in our national----    Mr. Olson. Well, we think that our assistance programs, whether we are talking about civilian or military, have actually done a lot to improve the conditions in the case of civilians and the lives of ordinary Pakistanis. And Pakistan is facing an enormous demographic challenge. I mean, it is a country of 190 million people. It has a youth bulge. The youth are about to come into the most productive years of their lives. Either they are going to have jobs or not have jobs. We think the----    Mr. Olson. Well, I really can't say what the Government of Pakistan would----    Mr. Olson. I will be happy to convey that sentiment, Congressman. And I think that is a point that we can make. The administration's position is that we believe that the assistance programs that we have are in our national interest. They are in our national--it is in our national interest to have Pakistan be stable and prosperous, rather than the alternative. And it is in our national interest to have Pakistan conducting counterinsurgency and counterterrorism operations in the western part of the country.    Mr. Olson. Well, sir, we are very careful about how we spend our money and what we spend it on. With regard to the military assistance, it is subjected to a very extensive Leahy Amendment vetting process. And there is no question that we continue to raise these issues that you flagged. The question of the Haqqanis, we need to do more on the Haqqanis and on Lashkar-e-Tayyiba with the Pakistani Government at every occasion.    Mr. Olson. Well, Mr. Chairman, let me say that we share your concern about the madrassas. We think it is a serious issue. We thought it was significant that it was for the first time addressed as an issue nationally in the National Action Plan that was put out last year. Our understanding is that the government is in the process of putting together a greater regulatory framework for the madrassas. It is presently mapping----    Mr. Olson. Well, I have had some discussions about this, Mr. Chairman. And I agree that there is a huge challenge with the madrassas. The reason in a way that they exist and have become popular in Pakistan, if that is the word, is because they do provide a free education. And this has to do with the fact----    Mr. Olson. I would agree with that analysis, Mr. Chairman. We think that what has to be done is there has to be a further reform of the public education system, that the public education system is not delivering in Pakistan. And there has to be a viable alternative for parents who otherwise have no choice but to send their children to schools that are free and, indeed, where not only are they free, but the food is provided. So there is a real draw factor in all of this. We also think that it is important that the Government of Pakistan--and we are working with them in this area, in the counter and violence extremism area--to try to reform these, the curriculum, so that at least in the religiously oriented schools, there are marketable skills; there is standardized curricula; and there are attempts to address a more modern perspective.    Mr. Olson. Yes, Congresswoman, it is a pleasure to see you again.    Mr. Olson. I am afraid I do not have any details on that particular case. So if I can get back to you with a response, I would do so of course.    Mr. Olson. We continue to have concern about, in general, the treatment of religious minorities in Pakistan. And it is a key area of our engagement.    Mr. Olson. Well, I think that there have been some developments over time in Pakistan that give us a little bit of space. We are trying to advance this. One of them certainly was the decision by the Supreme Court under Justice Jillani in June 2014 to extend greater protection to religious minorities. We, you know, think that is a positive step that needs to be followed up on with the government. We have an ongoing dialogue about the rights of religious minorities. And we have a particular concern about blasphemy laws, not just in Pakistan but everywhere in the world, because of the possibility of their being subject to abuse. And that has been the case in certain instances in Pakistan. We think it is--within the context of having, you know, concerns about the framework, the legal framework in which Pakistan conducts antiblasphemy laws--we think it is positive the case of Asia Bibi has moved to the Supreme Court. And we will continue to press the Government of Pakistan for proper treatment of religious minorities.    Mr. Olson. Thank you, Congresswoman.    With regard to Dr. Afridi, we do believe there is no reason for his continued detention. We have been assured by the Pakistanis that he is in good health. But we continue to press his case absolutely at the highest levels of our Government and seek his release.    Mr. Olson. Well, we just believe inherently that he should not be in a position of detention for helping out in the capture or the Osama bin Laden raid. So that has been our position from the outset.    Mr. Olson. Yes. We continue to work every avenue that is open to us and continue to press hard on it.    Mr. Olson. With regard to Afghanistan, the government actually does face some challenges. That is not surprising. But on the other hand, the government of national unity has held together for over a year. The government of national unity, any government of national unity, coalition government anywhere, there are challenges associated with it. When I was in Kabul last week, I got a sense of renewed determination from the government to improve its governance, particularly after the security challenges that it has faced over the last year. It is drawing lessons learned from the experiences of the past year and is making more government appointments. And there is a particular provincial focus to the government's reform efforts right now.    Mr. Olson. Yes. Congresswoman, thank you.    There was an important transition in Pakistan, as you know, in June 2013 when the first civilian-elected government took over from a civilian-elected government, the first successful civilian transition in Pakistan's 65-year history at that point. And I think that after facing some domestic political challenges, the government of Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif has, I think, largely settled those political issues. And I think the political situation is stable. And the government has indeed focused on several key areas of stabilizing the economy. Pakistan was--the coffers were quite empty at the time that the Nawaz government took over. And there was the potential at that point of a balance of payments crisis. Pakistan is now on an IMF program. It has been through eight tranches. And that is longer than any previous IMF program in history.    There is still some important structural reforms that need to be undertaken, especially in the energy sector. But, on the other hand, they have moved to diversify their energy supply. They are importing liquefied natural gas with a company from Houston helping out in that process, which we were very happy to try to promote successfully. And they have also focused on infrastructure.    The Prime Minister has also committed to increasing the proportion of spending on education. And in that regard, I think it is worth noting that the Prime Minister's daughter, Maryam Sharif, signed on with the First Lady, Mrs. Obama, for the Let Girls Learn initiative during the Prime Minister's visit. And in that regard, Pakistan has expressed its seriousness about addressing issues of education, particularly for adolescent girls. And we encourage them to continue to spend, to increase their funding on education.    Mr. Olson. Well, thank you very much, Ranking Member Engel. That means a great deal to me that I enjoy your confidence. And thank you for your support. You started by mentioning it is 5 years since the death of Richard Holbrooke. I was actually in his outer office waiting to see him on the day that he collapsed. And I think all of us who are working on this account greatly, greatly miss him to this day. And I am well aware that I am filling very big shoes.    And thank you for your very comprehensive and balanced statement. Let me say with regard particularly to the issue of terrorism, we appreciate the statements that Pakistan has made at the level of the Prime Minister and the army chief of not differentiating between good and bad terrorists. We think there is still work to be done in this area. We think that Pakistan has moved decisively against any terrorists that threaten Pakistan internally but still needs to devote attention to those that represent a threat to their neighbors. You asked about particularly the effect on Afghanistan. I would just note that we had a very constructive week last week with the Heart of Asia conference, at which President Ghani attended and which Pakistan committed in its public statements to uphold the sovereignty, territorial integrity and legitimacy of the Afghanistan Government and its constitution, which was important for the Afghanistan side. And they committed to renewing and reinvigorating a peace process.    Pakistan did host talks at Murree between the Taliban and the Afghanistan Government, the first such talks, last summer in July. And I think we are all agreed that it is important to get a political settlement process going with a sense of urgency. And we look to Pakistan to bring--help to bring the Taliban to the table. At the same time, we continue to raise our concerns about the threat that specifically the Haqqani Network represent to us and our forces and our Embassy and civilians in Afghanistan, as well as the Taliban more generally.    And, finally, we certainly have the same view with regard to Lashkar-e-Tayyiba and the need to not just ban Lashkar-e-Tayyiba but to take action with regard to prosecuting the perpetrators of Mumbai.    Mr. Olson. Thank you. Thank you, Congressman.    And I appreciate the very thoughtful comments that you have offered here. And we agree with you on the need for Pakistan to be investing more in education, in health, in its own people. I think there is really no doubt about that. And we support Prime Minister Nawaz' stated commitment to devoting 4 percent to education, 4 percent of GDP. And we would like to see that. We would like to see that happen.    I think it does have to be said that Pakistan faces a huge number of challenges right now. It faces huge security challenges. And we could have a very long discussion about how that happened. And I think, you know, there are domestic--there are certainly large domestic factors at play. And I think Pakistan is attempting to turn that security situation around. But that does consume, I think, a significant amount of their budget in doing so.    On the question of hearts and minds and views of Americans, it is not--it is not a happy story. And I agree with you. On the other hand, it is something that is somewhat improving. The numbers have gradually improved on Pakistan's perceptions--Pakistanis' perceptions of Americans. I can tell you from personal experience, I think there is less of an impression now amongst the political elite that the United States is playing some kind of nefarious role with regard to Pakistani domestic politics. In other words, we are perceived as not intervening in Pakistani politics. And that is because we haven't. We have been very careful not to do that. So I think that this is something that is not going to change overnight. But the trends are, albeit modest, they are in a positive direction. And I think we need to keep working away at that.    Mr. Olson. Thank you very much, Congressman Sherman.    Let me say with regard to Sindhi, I hope that you are aware that our Consulate General in Karachi has started putting out all of its social media work in Sindhi, and it has received a very positive reaction. So Facebook----    Mr. Olson. We are happy to implement it, and I will take back the message on Voice of America. I don't have specific detailed information on the schools in Sindh, but I can tell you that I have participated in the inauguration of schools, so they are being built. They are going up. But I will have to get you a detailed status report.