    Mr. Cramer. Yes, well, thank you, Mr. Chairman. And thanks to my colleagues for the indulgence.    You know what, it doesn't only take one good North Dakotan to represent the entire state, so I spread myself fairly thin, Mr. Secretary. So I thank the members. And I also, Mr. Secretary, want to thank you not only for being here, but for at least agreeing to, if not joyfully, although I think you are a joyful person, to holding one of the listening sessions in North Dakota. I know it was a late request, and it was a late addition to the agenda for you and Secretary Fox and others, but I thoroughly enjoyed the time that you were out there.    And I notice in the QER, there is a lot of reference to things that you learned last August in North Dakota, especially as it pertains to the transportation infrastructure, and some of the challenges particularly reflected are the challenges for the railroads that move multiple commodities, as you know. And you heard quite clearly, and I think, again, indicated in the report quite clearly, that there were challenges, but at the same time, one of the things I want to do, I think, is to bring the record up-to-date. Last August, we were following on two record winters and two bumper crops, we had two seasons in a row that strained the infrastructure for sure for agricultural commodities. I think one of the bigger challenges was the fact that not only was it a record crop or a bumper crop, but it was a late harvest, due to weather, it was also a late and a very wet harvest. And so there was a consolidation of all of those commodities. And the additional moisture creating other transportation problems like the movement of propane, for example, for grain drying. That perfect storm created incredible stress on the infrastructure, along with, of course, 700,000 or so barrels per day of oil being moved by rail. So there was a lot of criticism last August. There is a fair bit of that reflected in the report, but just in the last 10 months, the storm has sort of shifted, and I want to stress some of those points, but also encourage you and the team to continue to monitor it on a very regular basis, because some of the things that were identified have worked. The STB's weekly--the requirement for the weekly reports, for example, by the class 1 railroads has been very helpful in transparency, allowed better planning. A warmer winter with a more traditional harvest season, and, frankly, lower commodity prices have created more normalcy. And during which time, and I can be the railroad's worst nightmare, but I also want to acknowledge when they have done their part, and I have to say for BNSF, which is obviously, our largest railroad by far, they have invested mightily in personnel, locomotive, energy, cars, and certainly double-tracking much of the Bakken region and much of the Upper Midwest. And I want to be sure that the record is clear, but I also want to, again, encourage you to remain flexible and update the report regularly to acknowledge that this robust infrastructure does exist. And it is my hope and my expectation that that additional and more robust rail infrastructure actually enhances all commodities.    I also think it is worth noting that because of the STB reports, we have noticed that they are pretty well caught. Not just pretty well caught up, but caught up to the point where there is extra capacity. And much like the electrical grid, it doesn't hurt to have a little extra capacity, but it also creates opportunity for growth.    So, I would only probably ask that, for you to comment on my comments if you would like to, but again, express my appreciation for your attention to the issues.    Mr. Cramer. Yes.    Mr. Cramer. Yes, they are. Yes.    Mr. Cramer. Well, thank you. And thank you again, Mr. Chairman.