    Ms. Speier. Mr. Chairman, thank you.    And again to each of you, I think you have heard it over and over again, but your contributions have been profound. And I would agree with my colleague Ms. Tsongas that it is probably the best hearing that we have ever had. We just now have got to inject a little guts into all of us to do the right thing.    Let me start off by addressing--as we heard earlier this morning about how we save money within Defense, the biggest way to save money, the most effective way is through military personnel. And they have suggested about $6 billion would be saved through health care and about $2 billion through retirement; I believe is what they said.    And as I look at the health care component here, if in fact what we are saying is that it is going to go up 1 percent per year. Is that--am I understanding that correct, 1 percent per year? And right now it is about $535 a year. Is that right?    Mr. Buyer. It was----    Ms. Speier. Pretty close.    Mr. Buyer . 1994 when it started. It was a 27 percent premium. It has eroded to 5 percent.    Ms. Speier. So it is costing about--let's just say round numbers, $500 a year. A 1 percent increase is $5.00.    I mean I think we have to pitch this for what it is. You are going to have better health care. You are going to have a bigger network. And it is going to cost you one Starbucks latte a year. Are you in?    Ms. Speier. So we have got an education job to do. And I think we have got to man up to what we have to do. Because this is critical to the readiness of our troops, to the ability of our Department of Defense to be properly funded, and to the American taxpayers who don't want to spend any more money on anything.    So I just wanted to clear that particular point up. On the TSP, the Active Forces now would be able to sign up right away. Correct?    Ms. Speier. Is the match.    Ms. Speier. So would they immediately get the match if they are Active Duty today? Or would they have to wait the----    Ms. Speier. But you said they are already serving.    Ms. Speier. Right.    Ms. Speier. Right.    Ms. Speier. No, I understand you were. But I was trying to address the fact that if we have Active military now----    Ms. Speier . They are contributing. They would start getting the match. Correct?    Ms. Speier. And they wouldn't have to wait 2 years because they are already Active military.    Ms. Speier. Right.    General Chiarelli. But they would have to opt in.    Ms. Speier. But they would have to opt in.    Ms. Speier. Now, in terms of the contractual relationship that exists in the defined benefit plan, for those persons right now who are in military service working toward their 20 years, have not yet reached their 20 years, do we have a contract with them to allow them to stay in the old system?    Ms. Speier. So this is only going to be for persons who are new----    Ms. Speier . Enlisted----    Ms. Speier. Coming in after the law passes?    Ms. Speier. Right. So for anyone who is presently serving in the military, their pension isn't going to change.    Ms. Speier. Unless they want it to.    Ms. Speier. But anyone today, regardless of whether you served 1 year or 10 years or the 20, nothing is going to change.    Ms. Speier. All right. It is really important for us to get that. So for all the people we are talking to that are in service right now, nothing changes unless they want to participate in this new TSP that is going to have a much more healthy match by the Federal Government.    Ms. Speier. I am sorry. My time is expired. But thank you very much.    Ms. Speier. To follow up on my colleague, Mr. Walz's comments, under your plan, if I understand it correctly, you are still going to have for new enlisted today--I mean after the law would be passed, they would still have a defined benefit plan. It would just be 80 percent instead of 100 percent. Correct?    Ms. Speier . 20 percent----    Ms. Speier . At 20 years.    But you also have the benefit of a TSP that has got a Federal match that you didn't have before. And we should--I don't know if you have used this.    But this is a, I think, very artfully done chart that if hasn't been up should be up because it shows how in all likelihood the benefit could be actually greater than the current plan.    I have just two quick questions. And maybe I am somewhat impacted by having just seen the American Sniper. For those men and women who go into battle and do the unthinkable on our behalf, for short periods of time and then leave the military there really is nothing for them.    And I think when the American public thinks about our military and making sure that we give them what they deserve, they want to make sure the folks on the front lines were getting some form of support.    And the truth is, if you only serve 3, 4, 6 years, if you only do three, four, five tours of duty, by God, I mean to think that we have put them in that kind of position and then leave the military, there is really nothing for you.    Ms. Speier. Besides the VA.    Ms. Speier. But I mean in terms of compensation. And I don't know if you have thought about that at all. That wasn't part of your charge, but----    Ms. Speier. Okay.    Ms. Speier. So with my last 2 minutes, are there any areas that we haven't covered today that we should hone in on in terms of your entire proposal?    We tend to look at certain areas and we beat them to death. But we may not be looking at other areas that are also critical or important. So if there is anything else that we haven't really spent any time on and you would like to address, I would be happy to hear it.