    Mr. Wittman. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Gentlemen, thank you for joining us today. I want to talk about how things happen within the decisionmaking process on acquisition, and you pointed out some success models at the smaller scale where you can take a concept that comes from unit commanders. You develop that process of developing that idea with systems engineers, and you have program managers involved and contracting officers, and you end up with something that works and resembles what was needed at the very beginning. So that small-scale process you have shown works.    Let me ask this. How do we take that and graduate it to the large scale? How do we take emerging technology, compress the time process, be able to make sure that we have great communications from the unit commanders, to the systems engineers, to the program managers, to the contracting professionals, and getting that done?    It seems like to me today what we have is we have the unit commanders that are here, and then in a whole separate element there is the systems engineers that take that concept and develop it, and then in a separate place, in another area, are the folks that write the requirements, and then another group of folks that come up with the proposals and another group of folks that come up with the contracting process, so all of this is fragmented, and no wonder decision making goes awry, especially when it seems to be process-driven. People seem to be I got to check the box. And if I check the box, then I have done my job. Instead of saying, you know, let's focus on what the warfighter needs. Let's focus on getting that technology to them as quickly as we can. How do we do that?    How do we put authority into the hands of those people at every point in the process? How do we bring the decision making together? And how do we make sure that we also have accountability there so we don't go awry, or if we do go awry, we can either get things back on track or stop things immediately? Give me your perspective on how we make those things happen.    Mr. Wittman. Mr. Hunter, I agree. That is a great concept, but that happens occasionally. How do we make that the rule? How do we make sure that that is how the acquisition process takes place, rather than saying here is a great example about how it works? To me it has to become a culture within the organization to make that happen. What needs to take place to make sure that that is the rule?    Mr. Wittman. Is this a directive that needs to come from the House Armed Services Committee? Is it something that needs to come through OSD ? How do we operationalize this? Because we have got a lot of great ideas floating around about how to fix the acquisition process, but the ideas never seem to make their way to reality. Tell me where you believe the push needs to come from and the determination and concrete direction needs to come from to make this happen?    Mr. Wittman. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I yield back.    The Chairman. Thank you. Mr. Moulton.