    Mr. Richmond. Thank you, Chairman Mica, for convening this hearing and thank you for taking the time to come down to Louisiana.    Let me thank Representative Duckworth, who has recently been to Louisiana, for her commitment to making sure that the people of Louisiana recovery quickly.    Let me just thank our Governor, our mayors, and Regional Administrator Robinson for being here today, because what you will do is shed light to what is actually happening on the ground.    My district took a hit in this storm, not as much as other congressional districts. But I lived through Katrina and Rita, and when we start talking about damage and we start talking about things, the one thing we have to remember, in Katrina we lost 1,500 lives. And we learned a very valuable lesson, and that was that the FEMA we had during Katrina and Rita was a FEMA that just didn't work, a FEMA that didn't make any sense.    It has gotten a little bit better, but a lot of the rules, and I just want to be clear about it this because I want the mayors to understand that a lot of rules that FEMA are operating under are rules that are set up by this United States Congress. And that Stafford Act, which is just a colossal mess, is our Stafford Act. And when I got here and I was elected, I took my memories of Katrina and Rita and introduced the FEMA Reform Act, which has not seen the light of day because it just has not been a priority.    So I would hope that both sides can come together, especially after South Carolina, West Virginia, and all of the other disasters that FEMA has to respond to, so that we can make things make sense. And I think that you have to give the FEMA Administrator the ability to waive the provisions of the Stafford Act when there is a different way that could create substantial savings. It makes no sense to me that we would spend $60,000 to $80,000 to bring in a trailer when that $60,000 to $80,000 dollars could make that homeowner whole. But we can't, because the Stafford Act says that we cannot put any money into permanent housing. That's not a FEMA problem, that's a Congress problem.    And let me just take a moment to thank the President for his continued communication and his declaration. Many people talk about the fact that we got to 90-20 yesterday in terms of percentage.    But the speed in which the disaster declaration was given is attributed to a couple of people, one of which is the Governor, who could have chosen to do paperwork and send it in, but he decided to take our FEMA representative Stoller on a flyover of Central, of Denham Springs, and all of the areas that were affected so that when he sent the letter up the answer came back the same day to give that disaster declaration, which then opened the doors for relief.    The problem is the relief that our citizens want and the relief that they need and the relief that they deserve is tied up in red tape, and we have an obligation to come together as Republicans and Democrats to help ease that red tape.    I just want us to understand what is happening. We talk about the American Dream. People work hard their whole lives to invest in a home, which is the best way to transfer wealth to your next generation and leave a legacy. You work very hard, you get that home, you have your piece of the American Dream. You put your family photos in there, you put your wedding gown in there, you put your kids' report cards and the happy birthday notes and the father's day and the mother's day notes, and in one day you lose everything you ever had. And you can't replace it.    But it's upon government to at least help to replace the bricks and the mortar, the value that that home carries in terms of the wealth it leaves to the next generation. And we should come together as a Congress to pass a supplemental.    And, look, the President should send us a supplemental, but the delegation has to be on board. And I'm saying right now that our Louisiana delegation should unanimously request from the President a supplemental. That way it is crystal clear that our delegation supports it, the President supports it, and we can help move it through Congress.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Richmond. Mr. Robinson, let me just--is there prohibition from FEMA that prevents money from being spent on permanent repairs and permanent housing?    Mr. Richmond. Right. My understanding is we have to be very creative with the shelter-in-place program because that they are strict guidelines that you all can't spend resources towards a person's permanent housing needs. For example, why we use travel trailers in trailer communities, because you couldn't spend money on them having a permanent trailer for the rest of their life. So I'm asking, does it come from Congress? Does it come from you all, this rule that you can't spend money on permanent housing?    Mr. Richmond. You are missing my question. Is there a prohibition that prevents money towards going to a permanent housing solution, not temporary, permanent? So, for example, if shelter-in-place also meant putting back some sheetrock and some flooring, would that be prohibited because it goes towards permanent housing?    Mr. Richmond. Under their $33,000?    Mr. Richmond. Now let's get to that $33,000. Why is it, looking at all the damage that we have, why is the average coming out somewhere around $8,000? So tell me what's--what qualifies, because what the constituents are saying is that you all are coming in and saying we'll only pay for essential needs, which means we'll pay for the master bedroom. If you have a kid, we'll pay for the kid's bedroom, but we won't pay for the guest bedroom because it is not essential. We'll pay for one bathroom because it's essential. We won't pay for the second bathroom. So with all the needs that we know out there, how do we get to an average of $8,000 per structure? Or per person?    Mr. Richmond. No, I'm talking about the need, the FEMA assistance of the $33,000, what--what cost can be included in that? What can you cover in there?    Mr. Richmond. That's it?    Mr. Richmond. Well, see, now we're having problems then. This is what I don't understand.    So if the government has a shelter in place where they're going to make it safe and habitable and do all those things--so that person then does not qualify for any of the $33,000? What about clothing? What about all the other losses? I'm asking, what losses can be covered by the $33,000?    Mr. Richmond. So why is the average $8,000? Everyone lost clothing. Everyone lost bedroom sets and TVs and all of these other things. How can we realistically say we have an $8,000 average if we're going in and truly evaluating their home?    And, at some point, I would like FEMA to just adopt a commonsense test, that the thousand inspectors that we have on the ground that we're sending out to everybody's home--even State Farm at some point during Katrina said, ``You know what? We're just going to look at a picture, and if we see water to the roof line, we're just going to assume it's a total loss.''    So why can't FEMA, instead of spending the housing, the money on a thousand inspectors, make some very commonsense conclusions that if you lost your house and the Governor's going to gut it, you're going to need bedroom sets, clothing, and all of those things? And that costs well over $8,000. We're going to spend $30,000 to give someone $8,000.    I mean, the question becomes, how do we get a commonsense test so that you all would have the flexibility--now, if you tell me you have the flexibility and you all are just not doing it, then that is a big problem for me. So how do we get a commonsense test to quickly get money out to people?    Because you're at $8,000. How do I get--let me just make my question very clear. How do I get people $33,000 very fast? Since that's what you have the authority from Congress to give people, how do I get the 33,000--how do you give it out faster?    Mr. Richmond. Okay. So if I don't have flood insurance--look, and I know there are some standard answers you have to give, but just work with me here.    If I know there's a home and I know that they don't have flood insurance because they're not required to have it, then let's just agree that the wind and hail policy is not going to cover anything. Correct?    Mr. Richmond. So if they don't have flood insurance and they've got 8 feet of water, can we just agree that they have at least have $33,000 of damage?    Mr. Richmond. And that's, I think, the problem that most people are having. Because they lived through it. And I've lived through Katrina. I lived through Hurricane Isaac in St. John Parish. And now we're dealing with Baton Rouge and the surrounding areas, which is a very massive area.    The question just becomes--we ought to be able to sit down in a room and figure out a way to expedite the funding and maximize--I mean, the frustration, I think, from people is that the Federal Government is trying to figure out a way to give as little as possible.    And through Katrina--and, Mayor Ramsey, I will just have to differ with you. I think these are the exact same storms. I think it's the exact same damage. I think water in a house 8 feet is water in a house 8 feet. People in New Orleans walk to work or drive to work. I think it's the same.    My frustration is that we just won't--we're assuming that people are trying to scam the system. These are homeowners, hardworking people who have made the most responsible decision to purchase a home, and we're trying to figure out a way to give them the least amount as possible. They're not asking for an additional nugget at McDonald's. They're asking to be made whole because they find themselves in a predicament that was out of their control, that they had no fault in finding themselves in this predicament. And we as a government have an obligation to help.    So part of it is, if you and I have to go on a case-by-case basis to figure out a neighborhood where every house got $8,000--I mean 8 feet of water, and we're trying to decide since they didn't have flood insurance whether they have $33,000 worth of damage--why can't we just sit down with a pen and pad and say, let's just take appliances at $4,000, let's take per bedroom another $2,000, let's take flooring, let's take air conditioning, let's take mold remediation, and at some point we get to a number that's probably excessive of $33,000 and say at some point we ought to be able to look at the house, send the inspector out, and say, ding, no flood insurance, this one qualifies, and just move on to the next one. That's what's hampering recovery, and without knowing that people are in this limbo.    Now, we have work to do in Congress. We have to get a supplemental done. Without a supplemental, the government will never have the ability to set up a program to match the unmet need that people are going to have. And that unmet need is calculated by what FEMA gives, what insurance gives, and what it actually costs to get back in your home.    I lived it. I still do casework from Katrina. And what I'm telling you is we know that there's going to be an unmet need. So whether we give it through the $33,000 that we can give right now--we're going to have to give it through CDBG later to answer the same unmet need. Let's give the $33,000. It only reduces what we're going to give out when we get a supplemental.    So we have to go work in a bipartisan fashion and get another $2-billion-plus for Louisiana. And the question is, we would like to partner with FEMA and figure out a way that we can work to get people the money they need. If State Farm that is driven on a profit basis could devise a plan where they look at aerial photos and determine payouts or whether you've hit a max policy and they're a profit organization? I think government, that our purpose is actually purpose. I think we should be able to do the same thing without people calling into question all of those things.    And the last thing, Congressman Graves, and I'll close, what troubles me--and we even heard it today--what troubles me is the question about food stamps and fraud. If our first thought is always that America's citizens are looking for a way to beat the system, then we're never going to make any progress. And if we try to devise a program that is fraud-proof, then you're going to see a program with so many hurdles that hardworking, honest people decide, ``It's not worth my time.''    And Administrator Fugate should be here, but this also should be a full committee hearing and not a subcommittee, with every member here too.    So, as we talk about responses, I just want us to be fair and try to work in a way to just get people what we can give them right now, and then we will take our task of working in a bipartisan fashion to get the State the money it needs to make people whole.    Thank you.    Mr. Graves of Louisiana. Thank you, Mr. Richmond.    I'm actually going to have a round two.    Governor, let me ask you a question. Give you a magic wand, and let's put funding on the side for just a minute, but give you a magic wand, if you could change three policy issues that you see as big impediments to the recovery, what are some of those things that you'd identify?    Governor Edwards. First of all, I know three things I would change. I don't know if it's policy or whether--because I've had continuous communications between myself and FEMA, whether it's Administrator Fugate, whether it's Tony, whether it's Gerry Stolar. I don't know quite often, when there is an issue, whether it's because of a limitation imposed upon the agency by law, which they have no discretion to waive, or whether it's a FEMA policy that they could waive. And so I----    Mr. Graves of Louisiana. Okay. Well, so let's include laws then, policies and laws. So what are some of things that you see as being----    Governor Edwards. Well, you know, as I mentioned earlier, I think the manufactured housing unit program has been too slow. It hasn't been responsive. As to where those units can be placed, I still don't know whether that's a function of law or whether they have the discretion to place those in more locations.    You know, I would tell you that I believe the Shelter at Home Program, which--and I understand the chairman was talking about how long it took to stand it up. I will tell you it's the fastest it's ever been done, and by a long shot. And so you've got an obligation to get it done as timely as you can but also to try to make it as responsive as you can make it.    But we had serious discussions about what ``habitable'' means. And, for example, at the end of the day, because of a concern about duplication of benefits, which I think is probably statutorily driven, I wasn't able to give a full stove and oven and a refrigerator so we settled on a mini refrigerator and a microwave. But that will be habitable. It won't be what I wanted for these individuals, but it will be habitable.    But we were able to get there because we were talking, we were meeting. And so I appreciate the effort that they made; I just--I thought the result could've been a little bit better.    And, thirdly, you know, I will tell you what I'm going to have to work on, because, quite frankly--and I'm not here to defend FEMA. I'm not here for any other purpose. But some of the concerns that have been directed to FEMA by the mayors at the table, if there were problems, quite honestly, should have been directed at me and your parish OEP directors.    Because I cannot imagine a system where FEMA delivers water to a mayor. I don't think that can work that way. They brought the water and the food to the State when we asked for it, in the quantities we asked for it. And then it's my job, using the National Guard and the WebEOC request format, to make that happen. And if it didn't happen, that really is on me.    But I would suspect it's a coordination and a communication problem. Because, again, there was not a single request that came to us from the parish OEPs that we did not fulfill in a timely way. But we have, obviously, some work to do to make sure that we know how to go about getting those resources.    Mr. Graves of Louisiana. Governor, thank you.    I do want to make one personal note in regard to the framework. On Saturday night--just one quick personal story. Saturday night, I was out helping rescue folks and had been out there for probably about 16 hours straight doing rescues. And we had a guy that I'm fairly certain wasn't old enough to have a driver's license that was driving a school bus that I'm pretty sure he didn't have the keys to. And I'll tell you, I told that guy ``thank you'' a thousand times, because he was shuttling some of the people we were evacuating after we brought them out in the boat over--somewhere.    But he disappeared. I don't know where he came from. He disappeared. He stopped running the shuttle. And so we got to the point to where we had, I'm going to guess, 30 people up on the road, up on Greenwood Street. The road was flooded to the east; it started flooding to our west. We didn't have anything, so I'm calling folks. I'm like, look, I need a bus. Like, I just--I don't know if I need a kid to hotwire another bus or we need something legitimate, but we need something to get these people out of here because the water is starting to flood on the other side of us as well.    And I'm told, oh, well, you need to go on the WebEOC system. I got to tell you, I was about to take this thing and chuck it about as far as I could. And I'll tell you right now, these guys are in the same boat. You know, they don't want to hear about WebEOC.    And so I do think that--and, look, I was in UCG and I've been in that situation before where I wanted to, you know, take EOC and shove it somewhere. But I do think that we need to talk about a more adaptable framework for people that are on the ground in waist-deep water and that have needs, in some cases. So I just want to make that note.    Governor Edwards. And, Congressman, can I make one more comment?    Mr. Graves of Louisiana. Please. Please.    Governor Edwards. And it'll be brief.    You're exactly right. The Stafford Act is insufficient. The amount of assistance that we're able to obtain----    Mr. Graves of Louisiana. See that, Tony? He can say it.    Governor Edwards. Well, no, it is, but that's why I'm in Washington this week. I'm asking for additional help. We need to do the Comite River diversion program. We need to erase the backlog of $724 million in emergency dollars through the Department of Transportation. We need the Social Services Block Grant for the mental illness problems that we're talking about so we can get those addressed.    And, most essentially, we need that $2 billion Community Development Block Grant program so that we can try to go in and convince these people that the right thing to do is to stay in their communities, to stay in their homes, not simply walk away, leaving their employers without employees, leaving their businesses without customers, leaving their schools without students, leaving their churches with empty pews.    We have to do that. And the quicker we can give them the peace of mind that help is on the way, even if the help itself doesn't arrive for several months, the sooner we can give them peace of mind that help is on the way, they will start making the decisions that they really want to make and that we want them to make.    So that's why I'm here asking for all the assistance. And I appreciate your help and the help of Congressman Richmond----    Mr. Graves of Louisiana. Thank you.    Governor Edwards. --and Congressman Scalise.    Mr. Graves of Louisiana. Ah, he hasn't done anything.    Mayor Shelton, let me ask you a question. We've talked about ad valorem tax districts. And you have fire departments, you have sheriffs offices, you have levy districts, drainage districts that all have their entire revenue stream based upon an ad valorem tax.    Can you just briefly describe the situation that this flood has caused for their revenue stream and the predicament that many of these entities are going to be in?    Mr. Richmond. Let me just try to summarize where I think we are and where I think it would be helpful if we could go.    The three problems or areas I see that are the most frustrating: One is speed, the speed in which things are getting done; two, people having decisionmaking authority being in the places they need to be; and, three, deference to our local officials that they actually know what they're talking about.    You know, we're not actually part of the problem; we're actually part of the solution. So when a man says, hey, you can have my courtroom, or this spot would be very good for a DRC, it's because he knows it's accessible, he knows that people will go there, and he knows that he can get it up and standing tomorrow.    And I have seen the way that FEMA has worked with our Governor, and it has been very good, but you can't run everything through the Governor. I think that that's unfair to him, and I think that's unfair to our local mayors, who are the closest to the people on the ground. And even the parish presidents--some parish presidents are overwhelmed. Some parish presidents are, you know, unable to do it. But the mayors are closest to the people in those communities.    And if they have somebody who has the decisionmaking authority, that when they make a call like a location for a DRC, what's wrong with deferring to them? If they make a mistake, it's the locals making a mistake. Let's actually give them the ability to make decisions so that we don't have to talk about 3 weeks of where the DRC is going to be, that at least those little problems can be resolved.    The other thing is, Mr. Robinson, modular units could be effective in this particular storm. And I know that FEMA has approved modular units before. I think you called them cottages and other things. Can FEMA approve modular units for this disaster?    Mr. Richmond. Yes.    Mr. Richmond. Okay. Let me just say modular units, I think, could get there faster. They can be part of a permanent solution sometimes. And they make a lot more sense when they're all done and we offer the homeowner the ability to purchase them. Because then, all of a sudden, in the backyard they become man- or woman-caves or they become deer stands or whatever we can do. But we can get them there quickly, and they can be part of a long-term recovery.    The second thing is I'm told and our research tells us that FEMA has utilized the practice that I talked about that State Farm utilized, and it was called--you all used GPS and flood inundation estimates to come up with a damage assessment.    Why can't we do this in this case in the areas that we know people didn't have flood insurance and we can tell by GPS and the estimates and pictures about how much water they received?    Mr. Richmond. Right, but not the homeowner damage or--and I guess I'm getting back to the same thing, and I don't want to keep doing it publicly. I'd love to be able to have this conversation in private so we can really delve into all of the things that we know houses that receive all that water have to do, and how do we get that money to them quickly, and then Congress working with our Governor to do it.    One other thing that I want to make clear for the record, because our mayors talked about raising homes and all of those things, which actually come under mitigation. We're not saying we don't want to mitigate. What we're saying is we want to mitigate in a very smart way, which is, if we do our Comite project and other things, we will manage the water that we receive so that even a thousand-year storm we can survive. But that makes a lot more sense, to manage water and create flood management areas better, than just coming in, saying, the simple way to mitigate is to everybody raise your house.    In New Orleans, we built--and the Corps, and Congress appropriated the money, with a lot of mayors' help. They came in and built a flood protection system, and that worked.    So what I'm saying is we're not afraid of mitigating, and we're not asking for you all to treat us any differently and not mitigate. What we're saying is we have some of the best engineers, and we do know that if we do Comite and some other things we will mitigate this from happening again. We just don't think you put the onus on the homeowner to raise their homes and do all those other things.    And, with that, Congressman Graves, I'll yield back, but I am interested in having a long discussion about the average payout and how we can expedite some of that.    Mr. Graves of Louisiana. If you have time, I'm going to do one more brief round.    I request unanimous consent for Representative Scalise's comments to be entered into the record.    Without objection.    Mr. Graves of Louisiana. Mayor Shelton, let me ask you a question. We've all heard about this elevation-of-home issue that may be required for folks that are in the floodplain that have experienced significant damage.    What happens when we elevate homes and businesses all over the place but we have a flood?    Mr. Richmond. Well, Congressman, I might be able to help you with that last one. If we give some of our Federal workers a raise, we might be able to keep them around a little bit longer.    Let me add just a couple things.    And part of what we find is that FEMA is terrified to do things because they're worried about what the IG is going to come back later and say. And, Congressman Graves, I think we need to figure out a way to rein in the IG in terms of decisions that are made by FEMA in an emergency. And Senator Landrieu will know this, but we have to give FEMA the benefit of the doubt that the decisions they make during a storm are right and proper.    And then, that way, when our sheriffs are asking for a trailer park or any other thing so that they can put their first responders, we don't need the IG coming back 2 years later saying, ``Well, we looked at every officer, and this officer's damage didn't quite meet the criteria, so we need you to go recoup the money.''    And, Mr. Robinson, those types of things, you're the person that can tell us that. You're the only person that can really tell us where your red tape is based on reluctance to take a chance because you may get spanked by the IG 3 or 4 years later.    Senator Landrieu and I had to pass legislation so that the IG and FEMA didn't come back years later to recoup money from Louisiana citizens who, through no fault of their own, didn't provide one false document, didn't answer any question incorrectly, but received benefits because of FEMA's determination, the IG asked FEMA to go back and recoup all of that money from Louisiana citizens.    And we cannot be paralyzed by the fear of the IG coming back a couple years later. And if there is something we can do to help with that, please let us know, because I'm willing to take it on. And it's not about fraud and abuse. It's about giving FEMA the discretion to make decisions without fear, because fear is holding up this process.    Governor, let me just give you a chance to close. And is there anything we talked about today that you need that you didn't get a chance to more fully go into, besides the CDBG, the Social Service Block Grants, Comite River funding----    Governor Edwards. And the transportation backlog.    Mr. Richmond. And the transportation backlog.    And let's be clear about that 740 million. We're not asking for that for Louisiana.    Governor Edwards. That is correct.    Mr. Richmond. The problem is that is a backlog all around the country and we are now at the end of that train. So, by helping us, you're going to help all the other States that are ahead of us in order to get to us.    Governor Edwards. Correct.    And I appreciate the opportunity to say this again. We want the assistance that we need through the Community Development Block Grant program and the other items that you just mentioned to fully recover as soon as possible, but also to give to the people of Louisiana the peace of mind to make decisions now, knowing that help is on the way.    And the longer we procrastinate in moving a supplemental appropriation for this Community Development Block Grant program, for example, the more people, unfortunately, who are going to make decisions that it just isn't worth their while to stay in their communities, to stay in their houses, and we will see a much longer, harder road to recovery than we should have.    So I appreciate the opportunity to----    Mr. Richmond. And for all of the mayors--because I think, of course, that I'm right when I say that you're the closest to the people, because you live in the communities, you eat in the communities, and you talk to everybody, and you go to church with them.    Do you agree with the Governor's assessment that inaction by Congress or slow determination of a supplemental or CDBG is going to damage the long-term recovery of Denham Springs, Central, and Walker?    Mr. Richmond. Thank you.    And I'm glad that the chairman is back because I want to publicly again thank him not only for having this hearing but thank him for actually coming down to view the damage while, unfortunately, when this storm happened, the world was paying attention to the Olympics and a contested Presidential debate, and you took the time to come down.    And your visit highlighted it, and this committee hearing will also highlight it to the country that this was the fourth-largest event, and there are over 100,000 people that are truly affected by this incident, who, but for a thousand-year storm, would not find themselves in that place.    So thank you again, Mr. Chairman.