    Mr. BRAME. Good morning, and happy Super Tuesday. I'd like to thank Chairman Vern Buchanan and the entire Subcommittee on Human Resources for giving me this opportunity to testify today. Once again, my name is Kenyatta Brame. I am the Executive Vice President for Cascade Engineering, a manufacturing company headquartered in Grand Rapids, Michigan. Founded in 1973, Cascade Engineering consists of nine businesses, with a core competency in manufacturing large-scale plastic injection molded parts. We are in many different fields and industries, including waste and recycling, valet, trash, agricultural and industrial material handling, automotive, truck and bus, office heating, polymer techs, and asset management.    Cascade Engineering is a B Certified Corporation, and a Triple Bottom Line Company. This means we measure our performance in three specific areas: people, planet and profit. We believe that business is one of the most powerful forces on the planet and that we have a clear responsibility to make profits for our shareholders. And we have equal opportunity and responsibility for, to our employees, our community and our environment.    At Cascade Engineering, we believe in breaking down barriers. These barriers including criminal background, racism, physical disabilities, and poverty, among many others. Today I've been asked to testify about our welfare to career program. We are very proud of this initiative, a program that partners businesses and state agencies to help identify, train, and provide support to individuals in poverty.    We believe that given an opportunity, combined with proper training and the support of culture, individuals can transition from reliance on welfare to self-sustaining, long-term careers, at Cascade Engineering. This journey began in the mid-90s, when Fred Keller asked Ron Jimmerson, one of our Human Resource managers, ``What can we do to hire people on welfare?'' Ron was the right person to ask, because he had grown up in generational poverty and had an acute awareness and understanding of the difficulties welfare recipients faced.    In the beginning, we had many setbacks, but we continued to learn from our mistakes. We continued to learn. Some of our welfare recipients had never worked in a manufacturing environment. Many of our supervisors had little experience or tolerance for working with individuals who had difficulty getting to work because of transportation, housing or child care issues. During this stage, we learned that employees on welfare could exceed if provided with clear expectations, needed resources, proper training, and appropriate work environment. At the same time, our leaders were being trained to better understand the needs of someone coming out of generational poverty. Although we were making great strides forward, we also learned that we needed a partner.    In 1999, Joyce Gutierrez Marsh, from the Michigan Department of Human Services, or DHS, was assigned as a social worker to handle all of Cascade Engineering's welfare to career clients. Joyce relocated her office to Cascade Engineering, becoming the first social worker in the state of Michigan to be stationed at a business site. Joyce worked with Ron Jimmerson to develop an orientation process and a readiness assessment process for welfare recipients, to identify and avoid pitfalls before they started to work.    To further assist the process, we developed several policies, including a rule that all HR representatives contact Joyce with important concerns related to our welfare to career employees. Problems related to attendance, tardiness or performance were identified and quickly handled when Joyce was involved. This collaboration was an immediate success and greatly reduced the high turnover we were previously seeing with our welfare to career clients.    When Amy Valderas, when she registered for welfare, she was out of work, a single mother with three small children, living with her sister. She had no idea how was she going to make ends meet. She was hired by Cascade Engineering, enrolled in our welfare to career program, and now 16 years later, Amy is still with us, completely off welfare. She overcame the benefit cliff, as one of our star employees who is admired by her peers. She owns her own home, and two of her three children have already graduated from college. And this is just one of our many stories.    In 2002, Cascade Engineering joined a new coalition of businesses working in concert with DHS, to expand the welfare to career model to other companies. This coalition is called The Source, and is comprised of 15 member companies. Last year, we serviced over 400 welfare to career clients. And the group has a 97 percent monthly retention rate. This is more than double the retention rate of all other DHS clients in the county.    Currently Cascade Engineering has 84 employees involved in the welfare to career program. 37 of these individuals are still receiving some level of assistance, with 47 of these individuals no longer receiving any subsidy whatsoever. Over the last 17 years, we have positively impacted hundreds of people and their families. More importantly, our employees who have completed our welfare to career program are successful members of society who can take care of their families and provide them a better quality of life.    In many cases, they are the first individuals in their families to break out of generational poverty. We are honored to be part of this special project, and look forward to continuing this work in breaking the cycle of generational poverty. Thank you.    Mr. BRAME. Actually, Mr. Fred Keller has had a huge impact on Cascade Engineering itself. But probably an equally large impact on Western Michigan and Grand Rapids community. And, you know, in 1973 he started this business. He wanted to create a business that could make money, but also treated people with dignity and respect. He wanted to create a culture of inclusion. And so someone talked about the stigma of welfare.    And so we tried to create an environment where people want to be at Cascade Engineering. You talk about environment where people coming out of generational poverty may not have worked in that environment before. And so unless you give them the tools to be successful, they won't be successful. And one of the greatest things we did was, when we partnered up with DHS, the Department of Health and Human Services, in Michigan, they embedded themselves in that business so that they understood what we needed as a business. They became a partner for us. We worked together.    So when she's out there looking at people that are on welfare, and she can, she understands the opportunity that we're providing. If a person just merely sends someone to Cascade Engineering without understanding the skill sets needed in manufacturing, they're going to fail. And so I think that's been one of the great things. So having an individual that understands inclusion, having a company that is very accepting of all the different types of backgrounds, and then also having the state understanding our business, has created a partnership that's allowed us to be successful.    Mr. BRAME. You are absolutely correct. And particularly an African American community, between poverty and issues of criminal backgrounds are two huge barriers. So one of the things we've done in Cascade Engineering is, first of all, we have policies that allow individuals with criminal backgrounds to apply at Cascade Engineering. And we've moved the box. Meaning that when they fill out that application, we don't ask that question right off the bat. We determine whether we like that person. That person is qualified.    And then later on, we ask the individual about his or her criminal background. And the second thing that we do is that I as the Executive Vice President, I make the determination whether that individual would be hired. It's been our experience that when you have middle level managers making that determination, they might think, ``You know what? This might not look good for me if something goes wrong.'' And so at Cascade Engineering, an executive, a VP makes that call.    And we also allow that individual to make a determination whether he or she will tell other employees about their criminal background. We don't out those individuals, so they can keep that to themselves. We have many individuals that are mentors to others and talk about their criminal background. We have a lot of individuals that choose to keep that to themselves. And so we allow them to make that decision.    Mr. BRAME. One problem we're having in Western Michigan is that manufacturing is not sexy. If you talk to individuals' parents, and you ask them, you know, should I, should I go to college right away or should I try to get a skill and go into the manufacturing field, then you know, 90 percent of the time, a parent will say, ``You know what, you might as well go to college.'' But in Western Michigan in particular, we have good paying jobs that a person can come out an hourly rate making 20 plus dollars and hour, or a salary rate, making a significant income.    So if the problem is, that they're getting hired before they finish and they're getting those jobs, I'm not sure that's the, necessarily a problem. It might be a good thing. Because maybe those skills, maybe that training is not necessarily what they need. But I would argue that you need to go back upstream, talk to schools, talk to parents. Make sure they understand that manufacturing is a valuable job in this community, and make it more sexy.    Mr. BRAME. Yes.    Mr. BRAME. Yes.    Mr. BRAME. And with that story of Amy, it wasn't just in her case, not just getting a bonus. She had to deal with not taking promotions. That's a more long-term problem. You choose to stay in a position that pays you x amount of dollars, refusing to take these steps. 15 years from now, think about that money compound, and where you could be. You could be a manager, you could be a leader, and you choose not to do that, because of the cliff.    Mr. BRAME. Thank you.    Mr. BRAME. Yes.    Mr. BRAME. Yes.    Mr. BRAME. Yes.    Mr. BRAME. Well, if you think about it, there are questions that I as an employer shouldn't be asking an employee. But she can go in and resolve those issues for her. An issue of childcare, issues of transportation, issues personal to her life. On the extreme, issues of domestic violence. These are things that she can go in and get support for this individual, that I can't do.    Mr. BRAME. I think having conversations with the appropriate state agency, we want the same things. I think sometimes we don't realize that we do want the same things. So we have these conversations. We go aha. We're trying to, in our case, find educated employees or find employees that can do great jobs. She wants to take people off of welfare. How can we meet in the middle? How can we have a win-win, and we're able to do that effectively? By having these conversations, setting up clear criteria, and us both having training programs to make sure these individuals are successful.    Mr. BRAME. We began these conversations for--and this was the mid-60s, and we, I think we piqued their interest. I think they weren't used to employers coming to them and saying, ``Hey, how can we work together?'' I think in the beginning, we had to work through some issues, because they weren't used to being so connected to business.    But since the late 1990s, we've had great connections with their leadership. We have great connections locally and even throughout the state. And so we're able to effectively create and move these programs, and they've been able to expand these programs to other areas. So in the beginning, it was just a little awkward, because they weren't used to it, but they were very receptive, and it's grown ever since.    Mr. BRAME. Yes. For example, when we were discussing moving the social worker to our facility, you know, there wasn't a process for making that happen. And so you had to ask all these questions. ``Well, can you do it or can't you do it?'' Something that's been so impactful in our program, in the beginning was like, ``We just don't do that.'' And so we began to say, ``Well, why don't you do that?'' And they asked the question, ``Would it be more impactful if she was there?'' ``Yes.'' And so sometimes we have to ask these extra questions to change their procedures and policies.    Mr. BRAME. I would suggest that if social workers go out and actually spend time with businesses. Actually go in and see what the businesses are doing. Understand what their needs are. I think that's, sometimes that's the biggest disconnect. When you have a social agency trying to provide employment to someone or trying to spend dollars of a specific program, and they don't know what the employers need or want. I think asking the employers what they need, understanding what they need, will cause programs to be much more successful.