    Mr. Heck. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I want to add my voice to that of Mr. Lynch's expressing my appreciation for conducting this hearing on what I consider to be a very important subject. I appreciate it very much, sir.    I don't know to whom I should address this question. I am going to try Mr. Garcia, just randomly here as a follow up to some of Mr. Lucas' line of inquiry. Do we have a rough sense about what the division is between nation-state attacks and domestic criminal attacks on cyber systems?    Mr. Heck. So a majority of the attacks come from criminals domestically?    Mr. Heck. So now I want to pursue--also as a follow up to Mr. Lucas kind of the accountability link here. I am not an IT professional, and I don't follow this as closely as those who are in the business do. But I have a simple if not simplistic view, namely cyber attacks cost money, destroy things of economic value. Just as certainly as if you were to know that I did--I was not within my home nor any of my family, but you burned it down. You would cost value, economic consequence.    And yet the truth is--I think I have read one or maybe two instances of somebody going to jail over this stuff. Now, look I realize we are in the midst of a legitimate debate about whether we are putting too many people in jail, certainly for non-violent crimes, but these have enormous economic costs. Do we have the legal framework to provide accountability for people who are destroying things of value, our time, our effort, our resources, to hold them to a standard of accountability that might disincentivize what is otherwise clearly an exploding field of the malicious activity?    Would anyone care to respond to that?    Mr. Heck. Are the perpetrators being indicted and jailed?    Mr. Heck. Do we have an adequate statutory framework?    Mr. Heck. What could we do?    Mr. Heck. No, no, no, what could we do to disincentivize this behavior?    Mr. Heck. Diplomatic pressure.    Mr. Heck. How is that working out for us?    Mr. Heck. I have one last question quickly. I see my time is dwindling. I am interested in whether or not our emerging new payment methods, whether it is Apple Pay or Google Wallet, how has this increased our exposure? What is the trend line? Are we seeing an expansion of attacks associated with these new payment methods diminished within that segment of payment, holding--comparable to other means? Are we more exposed, less exposed? What is the trend line?