    Mr. Norcross. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    General, again, thank you for your service.    Russia has become to many a more serious threat over the course of the last 5 years, particularly with Putin. When we are making projections through intelligence, what is the likelihood of that leadership remaining past the end of the year? What does your intelligence tell you?    General Stewart. The likelihood that Putin will remain----    Mr. Norcross. Putin remains past the end of the year, because there are a number of folks who have come out publicly suggesting that the economy is strangling him and he is hanging on by a shoestring.    General Stewart. He has a weak economy. He has demographic issues within the country. I see no indications that Putin will not survive the near term, near term being the next year or so. Their out-of-area operations and the casualties and the economy could cause some internal unrest, but when you look at his--in spite of the economy, you look at his popularity ratings, all of us should be as popular as he is viewed in Russia.    The Russian people have a tendency to endure more suffering and pain than most of us are willing to accept. So I see no trend at this point that indicates that he will not be here through 2016 and beyond.    Mr. Norcross. So when we take a look back at what caused the downfall of the old Soviet Union, primarily, along with many other issues, it had to do with the economy that drove that nation into the ground.    With Iran now entering the oil market and along with the U.S. and international, that is a serious glut, where we are not hearing from any of the economic forecasters that that is going to rebound. That is their single driver for their economy. Do you see that trend continuing?    General Stewart. That trend will continue. It will challenge a number of domestic issues. It will cause them to reprioritize some of their military spending, so they will spend at a lower rate. It will challenge whether or not they can sustain large scale out-of-area operations, but I don't see it in the near term as a challenge to Putin and the regime.    Mr. Norcross. And just to follow up on one issue. You talk about his popularity ratings. Of course, anything that comes out of Russia you take with a grain of salt, has very little to do with the truth.    What independent assessment do you have that his popularity actually does remain strong with the general public?    General Stewart. I don't have any independent. I know what the Russians publish and I know that Russia also controls the narrative far better than we do in this country, in any Western country. So he is controlling the narrative, he controls to a great extent what the Russian people see and the conclusions that they draw from that, but there isn't anything that I have seen that genuinely refutes the belief that he is a strong leader. He is making Russia stand up to the West, he is demonstrating historical Russian desire to be a dominant world player.    I don't see anything outside of the Russian narrative that refutes that which they are feeding the Russian people. So in the absence of something definitive, the Russian people believe he is standing up to the West, they believe he is a strong and forceful leader, they believe he has put Russia in the rightful place where they should stand on the international stage, and the economy is painful, but it is worth enduring, because we are now a dominant power.    Mr. Norcross. The economy is also driving China in a direction that they are not comfortable with. In fact, we just read they laid off 1.2 million workers, which, given the size of the country, doesn't seem significant, but it is.    Do you see the economy driving their military program at a slower pace than it has been?    General Stewart. I have not seen a slower pace, though I suspect that if the economy continues the way it is, that they will have to again make some prioritization, they will reduce their activity, but I don't think they are walking away from this military modernization. It may slow, but they are not walking away from this military modernization. That is core to China's future.    Mr. Norcross. Thank you. And I yield back.