    Mr. Mica. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank you for letting me go ahead. I do have another obligation shortly.    We have been talking about training of air traffic controllers for as long as I have been here, and we set up a system that is flawed.    Ms. Bristol, how many people do we have that have applied to be air traffic controllers? Don't we have a waiting list or something? Do you----    Mr. Mica. Can you answer it, Mr. Cannon?    Mr. Mica. How many?    Mr. Mica. Well, we had a list to apply to get in. How many do we have on the list currently? Or--I know we had thousands at one point. Do we still have thousands?    Mr. Mica. We have thousands.    Mr. Mica. What is the capacity to run through the school at Oklahoma?    Mr. Mica. How many?    Mr. Mica. Is that--and during what period of time?    Mr. Mica. One year you can do 2,000.    Mr. Mica. And your----    Mr. Mica. And your washout rate, I understand, is still pretty high from those that come out of Oklahoma. Is that correct?    Mr. Mica. Who knows the washout rate?    Mr. Mica. About 30 percent. So one-third waste. We have dozens of colleges, university--I don't have it in my district--Embry-Riddle, who can teach these courses. Why can't FAA set the standards for colleges and universities?    Right now aren't we paying--we were paying them money to go to this school, and this big mechanism and a 30-percent washout rate. Are we still paying them to go to school?    Mr. Mica. Yes, OK. All this money we are spending and we have the washout rate, and we can't fill the positions. We have plenty of schools that can teach these people if the FAA can get out of that business. And there is a role for Oklahoma City.    When they come out of the colleges or the military air traffic control or something, they should be tested, they should be brought up to date on the very latest protocols, and then they should be dispersed to the vacancies, correct?    Mr. Mica. So we need to get FAA out of that business. They are not doing it right.    Mr. Mica. If the----    Mr. Mica. If the colleges and universities and schools that can do this, they will pay for it themselves. They come out--see someone in the past behind Mr. Rinaldi that told me that excellent performance of those that come out of the schools with a full education. So if FAA can do its job in setting the protocols, the standards, the courses, and the certifications and get the hell out of the business, don't you think we can do a better job?    Mr. Mica. Where is the----    Mr. Mica. Let's totally get out of it. It is nice, the legislation that is pending, but it doesn't solve the problem. The problem is basic, that the structure that we have is fundamentally flawed, OK?    So we need to get out, Members. Listen to this, Members. Introduce legislation that changes the role of Oklahoma City and directs FAA to set the standards, the certification, and you can do checks on these people. There is a very small washout rate. They are better performers. They are better equipped in many ways to get on the job and fill those gaps.    Anybody disagree with me? Mr. Rinaldi? You like it?    Mr. Mica. Yes.    Mr. Mica. Well, to go back into that, I think you can recraft the role of Oklahoma City to test them, to make certain that they are competent, and to see where their skills best match the vacancies that we have in the system.    But where--you know, there is an unfairness, yes. But right now the taxpayer is paying for a 30-percent washout rate to a system that doesn't get people on the job. So I think we need to transition again to a system that can produce them. And why should we be paying for this system of failure? It just goes on and on.    So I have got to run to another function. But, Mr. Chairman and members of the committee, we need to reform this whole process. Anything less, you are just messing around.