    Mr. NICHOLS. Thank you very much.    Chairman Kelly and Chairman Chabot, Ranking Member Chu, thank you very much for asking me to testify today.    I am a member and past chair of the ABA Tax Sections Committee on S corporations, and I am currently chairman of the Board of Advisors of the S Corporation Association. I have been representing closely-held businesses since 1979.    There are many issues that divide members of Congress, but fortunately, the role Main Street businesses play in creating jobs is not one of them. Everybody understands that closely-held businesses create most of the new jobs and employ the majority of the private sector workforce; what is less known is the role of startup businesses in this success. As the Kauffman Foundation has made clear, without startups there would simply be no net new job creation. We need startups to grow the jobs base. The challenge for policymakers is that business startup activity has declined sharply in recent years. To help reverse this trend, there are a number of bipartisan steps that Congress could take to ensure these businesses resume their critical role as a source of jobs, innovation, and growth. I will briefly describe four of them.    First, Congress needs to stop retroactively adopting the so-called ``extenders.'' Many of these provisions are of critical importance to small business and their retroactive adoption at the end of the year creates unnecessary hardship for business owners. For example, I have spent considerable time over the past several years answering the question of whether the 5-year or the 10-year recognition period for built-in gains tax will apply. The only response I could give is that it will probably be 5 years, but that clients cannot count on it. This has created a number of difficulties. Several of my farming clients, for example, wanted to sell while farmland prices were at their peak. Unfortunately, those in the critical 6- to 10-year limbo period were unable to commit to sale absent a sale absent congressional action, and now it appears that the optimal time for selling may be gone. This makes no sense. Built-in gains relief and other business extender provisions are clearly good policy and should be made permanent.    A second, unforced error is section 409A. It imposes rigid guidelines for deferred compensation plan, violation of which triggers substantial penalties on employees, even though the corresponding tax deduction to their employers has also been deferred. Section 409A creates an unnecessary impediment to offering employees deferred benefits. In our practice, we have had to restate phantom stock plan documents in order to comply with these new rules, while some of our clients have simply decided to forgo offering deferred compensation at all.    This provision represents such poor policy that the full American Bar Association Tax Section has come out against it.    Third, the Affordable Care Act is being implemented in a way that has serious negative consequences for even employers with less than 50 employees. The IRS has taken the questionable position that the HRAs and other employer plans that reimburse individual policies somehow run afoul of the market reform provisions of the ACA. This contorted position is particularly burdensome for small, closely-held businesses. One client at a longstanding HRA that provided generous reimbursement for premiums on health insurance policies selected by the individual employees, his employees like the plan and so did he, but they just could not keep it. In fact, I understand that the NFIB has estimated that 16 percent of small businesses are in violation of this provisions.    The penalties of running afoul of this questionable position are draconian. A small employer with only 10 employees could face a penalty of $365,000 in any given year. There is bipartisan legislation to correct this interpretation, and I urge you to accelerate the passage of this bill, perhaps as part of the extenders legislation.    Fourth, the IRS has adopted comprehensive regulations relating to the capitalization of capital expenditures, including a safe harbor for expenditures of $500,000 or less. This is good policy, but it only applies to taxpayers who have so-called applicable financial statements, such as those required by the SEC. Entities that do not have these statements get a much lower standard of just $500. That includes many, many closely-held businesses. This unfairness should be corrected as part of the upcoming extender package as well.    These are just four areas where Congress could act in a bipartisan way to help Main Street businesses create and maintain good jobs. Once again, I would like to thank the Committee for holding the hearing and inviting me to testify. We sincerely appreciate all your efforts to fix these and other unnecessary burdens small businesses face.    Mr. NICHOLS. Certainly.    Mr. NICHOLS. There is no question that the complexity and even the delayed complexity where they are balancing not only the issue of a very complicated set of rules, but also whether or not those rules will apply and how they will apply. There is no question that it has a dampening effect. It is the equivalent of being told you might have cancer. Yes, technically, you can do everything you could have done before, but at the end of the day, you do not really know and it is going to slow down your long-term thinking.    Mr. NICHOLS. Obviously, as I indicated earlier, it has an unavoidable consequence, and the uncertainty alone has a huge impact. And there are clearly many businesses that have, since these things have been extended over the years, there are many businesses that frankly have gone forward on the assumption that they will, in fact, be extended. There are other situations, for example, the built-in gains tax. I have got a client literally this year that I said to him, ``Well, if you sell your business, the built-in gains tax will probably be 5 years.'' He is in that limbo period, and I am communicating with him and I say, ``But what I would do is I would get all the paperwork ready to go, but why do you not wait for the extenders package gets passed?'' And I got kind of a heartbreaking email back from him saying, ``Well, I cannot wait. I have got health problems. I will not be able to do that.'' These are very real situations and the lack of certainty, and especially in a context like that, where they really do have to make a decision. They cannot delay. Critical for a small business.    Mr. NICHOLS. I am stumbling a little bit because that is an area obviously that you are more--Congress is more on the frontlines in terms of making those decisions, but the budget neutrality, obviously, is important. But unfortunately, budget neutrality can have some negative impacts sometimes. Sometimes in order to achieve budget neutrality there are other provisions that are put in place to offset the budget cost of particularly good provisions. And I would submit that, like, 409A would be one of those provisions that I think may have been put in to offset what was otherwise a good provision, but 409A, frankly, was bad policy to begin with, even though it may have purported to have raised revenue, at the end of the day it hurt maybe as much as whatever it was that it was justifying getting into the code.    Mr. NICHOLS. I am going to agree with everybody and repeat 179 and bonus. In answer to your question, I am thinking in terms of how many people are impacted and the importance of the policy, 179 and bonus, for reasons set forth in more detail in my written testimony. I do not think 179 and bonus are even a tax expenditure. I think it is choosing the right time to tax individuals and tax businesses when they actually are getting income from the capital that they have been spending.    I would then, as far as having a priority after those items, there you are balancing how serious of a disruption it is to the induvial taxpayer versus how many people it affects. I would probably throw the built-in gains tax next, only because even though the 5-year period only affects a relatively small number of people, the pretty dramatic impact that a forced double tax built-in gains tax has for an individual owner who is trying to sell their business on retirement or something like that, I would probably throw that in there, too. And then another one that has been mentioned in that is the qualified restaurant and retail property and things like that. There again it is not as important because it does not affect a broad cross section, but for the people that it does affect, the difference between having a 15-year recovery period versus having a 39-year recovery period is huge and can have a very dramatic impact on individual, real living businesses.