    Mr. HAFEN. Thank you, Mr. Hardy. I guess I should push my button so everybody can hear.    Thank you, Mr. Hardy, Representative Hardy, for the opportunity in which I can spend just a few minutes and to share some of my thoughts on the regulatory environment in which we do business.    I'd like to tell the Committee just a little bit about myself and about the bank in which I work. I grew up in Nevada. I'm a native Nevadan, and I've lived in Nevada for over 40 years. I'm grateful for the opportunity to represent the Nevada Bankers Association today. I'm the President, as you mentioned, the President & CEO of Nevada Bank and Trust, a small community bank located in Caliente, Nevada, with assets right around $112 million.    This bank was created by a group of small businessmen in 1978. This group of small businessmen had to travel over 30 miles to do their banking at that time, and sometimes I think 30 miles isn't much, but in '78 it was quite the chore to go up the hill to Pioche.    So this group of gentlemen, they got together and they formed this little bank, and from the time of its inception to the peak of its existence it had nine branches. Their dream was to have a small bank in every small town along US 93, which as many of you know, travels from southern Nevada clear to the northern tip of Nevada and on, and they accomplished that.    As regulations mounted and pressure came from regulators, the idea of having a profitable branch was questioned constantly, and so now we have four branches. Because many of the branches were not profitable, although they provided a service, they were closed. So now we have branches in Caliente, Mesquite, Ely, and Elko.    Some of the regulation, the over-burdening regulation that I would like to address in the remainder of my time have to deal with primarily results of the Dodd-Frank Act. As you may know, that act is they have instilled 398 new rules resulting in at least 22,534 pages of information, and I note that that's only about two-thirds of the entire act. So we have plenty to look forward to.    A few items that come out of Dodd-Frank that at first were to make our lives easier as bankers, one being the recent TRID rule, or the combining of TILA and the RESPA disclosures when someone wants to get a home mortgage. That rule came into effect on October 3rd and I'll just tell you how it has affected us.    For over 30 years we have been able to do home mortgages, providing mortgages that I refer to ``out of the box'' in rural Nevada. ``Out of the box'' meaning that these are people who have come to get a mortgage and just don't fit the box that many of the large institutions offer.    But we would offer those mortgages. We would write those loans, and we would keep them on our books for the life of those loans.    But with this new regulation, although it was intended to make things easier, the compliance, and making sure that we are compliant to the rule had become over-burdening, to the point where our Board, my Board has voted to stop mortgages.    Now the problem with this is at the end of the day it doesn't really hurt us as a bank, because it was never really a money-maker for us. We barely did maybe 12 to 18 mortgages a year.    But now there's 12 or 18 people across the State of Nevada won't be able to get a mortgage because we can't offer it, so they are going to go somewhere else. That's one of the regulations that's really put a burden on us.    Now there are other regulations that have caused issues, that have caused us to either stop offering services and look at other ways to provide services. One thing that I think we would remember is the unintended acts and the results of some of this regulation that's really come down on us. Thank you, Representative Hardy.    Mr. HAFEN. Well, I would say no, that we can't keep up. And the example of we will review a regulation as it comes down and see the cost, what it does to us, evaluate the risk of taking on the new regulation, or just saying you know what, we can get by without this, it pertains to a particular service and we stopped providing that service because of the additional regulation that we just cannot comply with.    Mr. HAFEN. If I may, Mr. Chairman, as I drove down this morning in my three-hour drive, I had a thought about that, and you know, I think it would be good to hear the voices, just like you are hearing today, but I don't know if it would be possible, but one idea that I did have is, having a small business, I don't know, some form of a Committee that could be a sounding board when some of these new regulations are proposed, that before they even make it out, how are they going to affect, other than those that sit in Washington and don't have an idea where Caliente, Nevada is, and what the effect of that regulation is going to take on it.    Mr. HAFEN. Well, I know off the top of my head I wouldn't be able to guess, but I can look at Caliente, at almost every small business in Caliente, Panaca, and Pioche come to our bank because there's only one other option on that end of the County, and that's the American First Credit Union.    But where that's the businesses comes to us, and so I can say everything on the northern end of Lincoln County would come to us, and then continues up the state, into Ely and Elko and Mesquite as well.    Mr. HAFEN. You know, one example, if I may, Mr. Chairman, in Pioche there's been a bank in Pioche forever. Bank of America had a small branch there and they closed their doors after--well, the Washington Federal purchased Bank of America, the branches in Nevada, and Washington Federal quickly closed that branch.    So here you have the people in that community that has no--they have no bank. And so they have to travel down to Caliente, either to the credit union there, the American First Credit Union, or to us. And we hear it every day, why can't you open a branch here? Why can't you do this? Because they have to travel down and the burden that is placed upon them is very difficult. We hear it constantly.    Mr. HAFEN. I agree. One thing I have noticed, we have a few customers that own small motels in Caliente and they depend on the railroad, for example, coming in and doing service jobs up and down that railroad that runs through there. They depend on the BLM to come in and fight fires in the summer. They depend on road projects for people to stay in their motels.    If they don't have it, they dry up and blow away. And that impacts them, it impacts us because they are customers.    Now if we were to disappear, I couldn't even imagine the devastation. You would see these small rural communities become ghost towns like many other towns in this state that are just, they dry up.    Mr. HAFEN. I believe yes, we have to be looked at differently. An example of that is a uniform overdraft program that the CFPB is working on right now.    The one program that if pushed out to everybody, we know our customers, as Ms. Simmers said. She knows everybody that comes into their branch, her branch. We do the same thing. We know our people. And if the regulation is the same for us as it is for the large institutions that are too big to fail, then we can't keep up. We would have to close doors. We would have to lay people off and I mean it's a triple effect, all the way down.    Mr. HAFEN. We simply have to refer them to someone down the street. In Caliente, it's American First Credit Union, and so we have to refer them down there, or refer them to a non-depository institution, such as, you know, your on-line brokers and things of that nature that offer mortgages, and that's the only avenue, if somebody comes in the door and wants a mortgage.    Mr. HAFEN. Well, thank you once again for allowing us to come and to share a few of our thoughts and some of the things that trouble us.    But to echo much of what has been said, we--I think if we just don't forget the little guy, because this country is built on little guys, and everybody started as a little company. And to forget us, we will just cease to exist. And so as Robin mentions, Ms. Simmers, that in a sense, test the regulation before it hits us. Because those unintended consequences are the ones that get us, the small institutions. So thank you very much.