    Mr. Graber. I do.    Mr. Graber. Yes.    Mr. Graber. Thank you. Chairman Marino, Chairman Goodlatte, and Ranking Member Conyers, and Members of the Subcommittee, thank you for inviting me here and for providing the Department of Justice the opportunity to appear at today's hearing to describe a series of settlements that have arisen out of the Department's efforts to address fraud in connection with the packaging and sale of residential mortgage-backed securities.    In November 2009, the Financial Fraud Enforcement Task Force was established in order to strengthen the efforts of the Department of Justice to pursue potential misconduct committed in connection with the financial crisis. And in January 2012, the Department of Justice formed the Residential Mortgage-Backed, or RMBS, Working Group, in the task force to investigate those responsible for misconduct contributing to the financial crisis through the pooling and sale of residential mortgage-backed securities.    The efforts of the RMBS Working Group have focused on achieving accountability from financial institutions that engaged in wrongdoing relating to residential mortgage-backed securities and, to the extent possible, bringing some measure of relief to homeowners who suffered as a result of the financial crisis. These goals reflect the fact that misconduct in the RMBS market impacted the entire financial system and the American economy as a whole.    To date, the efforts of the RMBS Working Group have secured resolutions valued at more than $36.6 billion in penalties, compensation, and consumer relief to investors, victims, and the American people. These settlements each embody the goals spelled out in the formation of the RMBS Working Group.    First, each settlement achieved accountability by requiring a significant and, in some cases, record monetary penalty, as well as a statement of facts acknowledging the evidence underlying the government's allegations. These penalties will hopefully serve to deter future misconduct, and the statements of fact serve as an acknowledgment by the banks to their shareholders and the American public of the misconduct uncovered by the Department of Justice.    Second, each bank committed to provide many billions of dollars of consumer relief of a type that is designed to enable many Americans to stay in their homes. These consumer relief provisions provide an especially salient feature to these settlements. This type of relief likely could not have been ordered by a court even if the government has prevailed at trial. In general, the consumer relief component consists of a menu of different types of consumer relief, menus developed in consultation with the Department's law enforcement partners, including Federal regulatory agencies and states.    In each of these resolutions, the settling bank can fulfill its obligations to implement consumer relief by undertaking the consumer relief set forth on the menu. The banks agreed to meet certain consumer relief targets. The agreements establish certain constraints on how the relief is to be provided. Beyond that, though, the banks have latitude to decide precisely how to satisfy their consumer relief obligations.    For example, the Bank of America settlement provided for a total of $7 billion in consumer relief, including a minimum of $2.15 billion in first lien forgiveness calibrated to help homeowners who face the risk of default and foreclosure. Within this broad target, though, the bank has discretion to decide precisely how to provide such relief.    As a second example, the various settlements all contemplate neighborhood reinvestment activities, a type of relief that includes the provision of certain kinds of foreclosure prevention assistance and other counseling activities. This is to be provided by certain categories of organizations chosen by the bank that will receive a directed donation to perform the types of activities specified in the agreements, such as foreclosure prevention and counseling activities.    These include organizations that help veterans avoid foreclosure, organizations that deal with abandoned properties that can inhibit neighborhood recoveries or organizations to help prospective home purchases navigate the process of buying a home. With the single exception of IOLTAs, the banks choose which specific organizations receive these donations. The Department of Justice does not mandate that any money will go to any specific third party charity organization.    The RMBS Working Group has achieved a great deal in fighting financial fraud. These efforts have resulted in record civil penalties, factual statements in civil cases that show an unprecedented level of accountability from the financial institutions and transparency to the marketplace, and meaningful consumer relief for the American people.    Thank you once again for the opportunity to appear before you today. At this time, Mr. Chairman, I would be happy to address any questions you or Members of the Subcommittee may have.    Mr. Graber. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I appreciate the concern, and I understand the concern. I can tell you that we are in process of reviewing documents that may be responsive to the Committee's request.    Mr. Graber. Well, because the review is ongoing, sitting here today, I cannot tell you whether or not there would be any type of assertion of privilege. But I can assure you that a review is ongoing, and----    Mr. Graber. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Again, I understand the concern. And I can tell you that one of the reasons that the Department wanted to use a preexisting list, the one that I believe you are referring to, the HUD approved counseling agency list, is because that list is preexisting. The Department did not want to be in the business of picking and choosing which organization may or may not receive any funding under the agreement.    Mr. Graber. Well, Mr. Chairman, to my knowledge there was never any discussion of a decision by Congress to cut funding one way or another to various third party organizations and the negotiations that took place in the lead up to these settlements.    Mr. Graber. Mr. Chairman, the way these settlements were structured was that certain funds, namely the civil penalties, were deposited directly into the Treasury. These were the record civil FIRREA penalties that were obtained----    Mr. Graber. Right. The----    Mr. Graber. Right. So the other components to the settlement, in particular the monies that you are referring to that would go to the HUD approved counseling agencies, those funds were never diverted. They were a separate part of the settlements. There was the civil penalty component of the settlements. There are other components of the settlements, and then there is this small portion relating to the counseling agencies.    Mr. Graber. I am sorry?    Mr. Graber. Well, the $150 million is----    Mr. Graber. Thank you.    Mr. Graber. Thank you, Congressman. The Department conducted extensive investigations in the lead-up to each of these settlements. And as outlined more fully in the statement of facts that accompanied each of the settlements, the Department's investigations revealed, generally speaking, that with respect to each of the financial institutions, these financial institutions made a variety of representations to RMBS investors, in particular that the securities that were collateralizing the--excuse me--the mortgages that were collateralizing the securities were underwritten generally in accordance with underwriting guidelines, that folks could repay the mortgages that were being taken out, that the income was verified or the income was accurately stated on the loan applications. They made a variety of representations like that.    The Department's investigations revealed that the banks received information at the time of the securitization that was inconsistent with those representations. That information put them on notice that the representations were false, and investors were never told of that information either. So, as I said, those allegations are--those facts, I should say, are laid out in more detail in the statements of facts. But that is in general what the Department's investigations revealed.    Mr. Graber. Yes. I believe that in the Citigroup settlement, the minimum to which you are referring is approximately $10 million, and in the Bank of America settlement it is $20 million. And in each of those cases--I believe I have the math right--it works out to less than 1/10th of 1 percent of the total settlements.    Mr. Graber. Based on the monitor reports that have come out to date, it is my understanding that no money has been directed to third party organizations under the terms of these settlements.    Mr. Graber. So the list of HUD-approved counseling agencies is a list that has been developed and is maintained by HUD. It is not the Department's list, and it is my understanding that it is a congressionally mandated list. It has existed in one form or another since, I believe, 1968. And my understanding is that there is oversight, and there is an auditing process that the Department of Housing and Urban Development maintains. And I also understand that if there is a failure to comply with the requirements, with HUD's requirements, that they can be removed from the list.    Mr. Graber. My understanding is that they provide very valuable assistance to homeowners. You know, it is my understanding that these HUD-approved counseling agencies provide foreclosure assistance. They provide assistance to homeowners to repay their loans and to navigate the loan modification process.    You know, folks around the country have, you know, suffered a lot dealing with, you know, independent third parties who have perpetrated loan modification scams and that type of thing. With these HUD-approved counseling agencies, because they go through such a rigorous process and they are subject to oversight, there is much less of a chance of something like that happening.    Mr. Graber. No, we do not. As I stated previously, the banks are required to choose which organization off the list of HUD-approved counseling agencies they will direct funds to. That list, as far as I know, consists of hundreds and hundreds of organizations. Some of them are Catholic Charities affiliated with dioceses around the country, Christian legal service organizations, Jewish charities, and many, many other non-profit organizations. It is up to the bank to decide which organization to which they will direct funds.    Mr. Graber. My understanding is that they are required to use the funds as outlined in the settlement agreement. So the extent any third party organization receives funds through these settlements, they will be required to use them for foreclosure assistance or other forms of housing assistance. And it will be the job of the monitor to ensure that those terms are complied with.    Mr. Graber. So each one of these settlements includes a monitor. In JPMorgan, the monitor is Joe Smith, and in Citigroup it is Tom Perrelli, and in the Bank of America settlement it is Eric Green. And it is the job of the monitor to ensure that all terms of the settlement are complied with. And more specifically, as the banks fulfill their obligations under the consumer relief component of the settlements, they will report their progress to the monitors. And then it is the job of the monitors to actually, you know, audit and then give credit under the settlement agreement to each of the banks.    So if a bank were to, you know, provide funding or take steps that were inconsistent with the agreement, the monitor would then have the power to not credit those dollars that go out the door.    Mr. Graber. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Each of these settlements was the result of a very long, complex, and arduous negotiation. And there were dozens and dozens of officials from the Department of Justice----    Mr. Graber. So if I may, with respect to each of these settlements, when you are talking about the specific terms that were contained in these settlements, I do not think it is fair to say that any single individual was responsible for deciding, you know, whether to go one way or another.    Mr. Graber. I am not aware of any direct order.    Mr. Graber. So with respect to the consumer relief component of these settlements, there was a team of, I would say, a dozen or more----    Mr. Graber. These settlements were approved at the highest levels of the Department.    Mr. Graber. The Attorney General is familiar with these settlements, and he----    Mr. Graber. I am not aware of anyone at the White House being involved in these negotiations in the lead-up to these settlements.    Mr. Graber. I am personally not aware of anyone at the White House being involved. I never heard of anyone at the White House being involved. And I would be very surprised to learn if anyone at the White House was involved or, you know, had any communications with people at the Department of Justice about these settlements because that would be contrary to the protocols of the Department of Justice.    Mr. Graber. There was no outside third party group. There was no non-profit or, you know, charitable organization that participated in any way in these negotiations.    Mr. Graber. I am sorry. Could you repeat that?    Mr. Graber. I have heard of them. I am not particularly familiar with them.    Mr. Graber. These settlements, and the Department has very clear authority to compromise claims on behalf of the United States, and that is what occurred here. The Department sought the appropriate internal guidance in the lead-up to these settlements.    Mr. Graber. Well, those are guidelines that I believe apply to environmental settlements. These are not environmental settlements.    Mr. Graber. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I understand the concern. The Department did not want to be in the position of picking and choosing who may or may not receive funds with respect to this component of the consumer relief provisions in these settlements. And that is why we, you know, decided that it would be best to use a preexisting list that contains hundreds and hundreds of organizations.    Mr. Graber. Yes. Well, there was certainly a very severe financial crisis that began around 2008.    Mr. Graber. I would agree with that.    Mr. Graber. That is correct.    Mr. Graber. I would agree that that was a contributing factor.    Mr. Graber. I think that is correct. I mean, in light of what occurred, you know, and what occurred in the RMBS market and in the broader economy in general, that was certainly a significant contributing factor to the Department's decision to allocate resources to pursue these investigations, yes.    Mr. Graber. I would agree with that.    Mr. Graber. The Department has secured over $36.6 billion through the three settlements that are being discussed today.    Mr. Graber. I would say, yes, that the vast majority of the monies that have been recovered through these settlements have either gone to civil FIRREA penalties and to consumer relief, and the vast majority of that consumer relief--I would say actually all of it--is going to provide some measure of relief to homeowners who have suffered as a result of the financial crisis.    Mr. Graber. That sounds about right.    Mr. Graber. Yes. I do not have the precise numbers, but that sounds correct.    Mr. Graber. That does sound right to me. It is my understanding that the folks who utilize the services of organizations that are on the HUD-approved counseling list are far more likely to stay in their home and are less likely to default.    Mr. Graber. I have been at the Justice Department since May of 2009.    Mr. Graber. Absolutely.    Mr. Graber. I am aware of La Raza generally. I am aware that they, especially in the lead-up to these hearings, I am now aware that they engage in political activities.    Mr. Graber. Thank you, Congressman. As I indicated previously, under the terms of these settlements, the Department of Justice does not direct any monies to any specific organizations on the HUD-approved----    Mr. Graber. I am sorry?    Mr. Graber. Anyone who is on the list would be available under the terms of the agreement. The Catholic Charities that I mentioned earlier, Christian Legal Services, Jewish charities, the organizations that you mentioned, if they are on the list, all of those organizations--I believe there are hundreds of them--would be available. And it will be up to the financial institutions to determine which one of those organizations on the list will receive any funding.    Mr. Graber. Thank you, Congressman. Look, I understand the concern, and that concern is why the Department did not want to be in the business of picking and choosing any specific organization that would receive funding under the terms of the settlements. Instead, the Department thought it best to use a preexisting list, the HUD-approved counseling list. This is a congressionally mandated list that has existed for decades, and there are hundreds and hundreds of organizations on that list, and to leave it within the discretion of the financial institutions to choose which one of those organizations on the list to direct funds to.    Mr. Graber. I would agree with that.    Mr. Graber. That is correct.    Mr. Graber. Absolutely.    Mr. Graber. I would agree with that, and I would say that, you know, these settlements are an example of the Department's vigorous enforcement of the laws.    Mr. Graber. I am sorry. Could you repeat that question?    Mr. Graber. I believe the HUD-approved counseling list is publicly available. It is on the website, and through the course of negotiations it was agreed that the parties would utilize that list.    Mr. Graber. That is a perfectly fair question, and I am not aware of, and I would be shocked to learn, if any financial institution was ever directed to utilize any specific organization on the list. I am not aware of that at all.    Mr. Graber. Well, I am aware of the request, and as I stated, our response is in process.    Mr. Graber. Well, Mr. Congressman, I cannot speak to any decision with respect to the President's budget. What I can say is that through the course of the negotiations leading up to these settlements, we thought that directed funds to these types of organizations that provide housing counseling, and foreclosure mitigation, foreclosure prevention services, was a valuable part of the overall consumer relief package. You know, if through these settlements folks utilize the services provided by these housing counseling agencies and folks are able to stay in their homes, that is a good thing, and that is something that we hope can be achieved through these settlements.    Mr. Graber. Well, you know, that may be one hypothetical situation where funds could be allocated to third party groups, but----    Mr. Graber. Mr. Chairman, I would agree with you that Congress could certainly allocate funds to these counseling agencies.    Mr. Graber. So the crediting mechanisms in these settlements reflect a variety of factors, one of the most important of which is the relative expense of the various forms of consumer relief to the banks. So the reason that there is a 2-to-1 crediting on the direct donations provision that we have been discussing is because that form of relief compared to modifications of assets already on the books of the financial institutions, those directed donations are very, very expensive for the financial institutions.    It is my understanding--I cannot speak for the banks--but it is my understanding that the modifications of underwater loans, the type that you just mentioned, those types of modifications are far less expensive to the banks than the directed donations provision.    Mr. Graber. Yes.    Mr. Graber. That is correct.    Mr. Graber. That is correct.    Mr. Graber. I am sorry. Could you repeat the question?    Mr. Graber. So as I stated previously, I am not aware of any direct order or any specific, you know, decision by an individual to go with the mandatory minimum provision. I was----    Mr. Graber. So as I stated earlier, there was a team, which consisted of a dozen or more officials from Department of Justice, and HUD, and other folks from the government, who were responsible for negotiating the consumer relief provisions. On any given day they were discussing dozens and dozens of details in each of these settlements. It is my understanding that----    Mr. Graber. If I may, it is my understanding at a certain point, you know, the team determined that it was the best course of action to put in the mandatory minimum provision. It is not my understanding that there was any decision----    Mr. Graber. I am sorry?    Mr. Graber. I do not know----    Mr. Graber . If there was any specific individual who, you know, who brought it up first----    Mr. Graber. Actually it is my understanding that the monitor will actually oversee the use of these funds by third parties----    Mr. Graber. Absolutely. The monitor will oversee the allocation of the funds from the banks, including allocation under these provisions to third parties. And it is my understanding that if the third parties were to use the funds in a way that is inconsistent with the terms of the agreement, the monitor would be responsible for catching that. And the monitor would not credit the bank for the funds that went out the door on that.    Mr. Graber. I could not tell you the answer to that. It is the practice today certainly.    Mr. Graber. That is correct.    Mr. Graber. Thank you, Congressman. The settlements that we entered into here, namely pre-litigation, out of court settlement, is very much consistent with the Department's authority to compromise claims on behalf of the United States. And the Department enters into settlements like this all the time, every day, in fact. So I do not think there is anything unusual about that.    Mr. Graber. Well, no, I would not necessarily agree with that. I just think that the fact that this settlement occurred out of court, you know, prior to litigation is consistent with the Department's authority, and is, quite frankly, typical. And I would also say that it is not unusual for parties to reach agreements to compromise claims that contemplate forms of relief that may not have been able to be awarded by a court.    Mr. Graber. I would say that we do not know what a court may or may not have done if we had decided to litigate these cases.    Mr. Graber. Yes, I believe that that was something that the Department suggested and certainly the Department supported.    Mr. Graber. I do not recall specific discussions about, you know, that specific term or a potential term in the course of the Citi negotiations. I should also point out that, look, in the lead-up to these settlements, again, I mean, the reality is that there were dozens and dozens of officials who were involved. There were dozens, if not hundreds, of meetings, sometimes simultaneous meetings. Sitting here today, the fact of the matter is that I was not in every one of those meetings.    Mr. Graber. Thank you.