    Mrs. Lawrence. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I want to thank you for being here today on this liquid sunshine day.    The report issued by GAO details major progress made by the executive agencies and Congress. Based on this year's report it looks like Congress is not doing as well as the executive branch at implementing the GAO recommendations on waste, fraud, and abuse. According to the report, GAO made 369 recommendations to the executive branch, and 317 of those recommendations have been fully implemented. Is that correct?    Mrs. Lawrence. Okay. The report also stated that 69 recommendations for Congress were made and only 31 of those have been fully or partially completed. Is that correct?    Mrs. Lawrence. So, your agency is often called the Congressional watchdog by investigating how Federal Government spends tax dollars, and you are the ones that are supposed to identify those and make sure that we are aware of recommendations--make recommendations. Is that correct?    Mrs. Lawrence. Okay. So, can you--you know, I know we have a short period here, but can you sum up--talk to me about the 31 recommendations made to Congress in its report that deal directly with waste or abuse that has not been completely addressed?    Mrs. Lawrence. And that's my point of putting it in perspective. So we're being evaluated on whether we are in compliance. You've said the clock is reset at every one--and if--it's only partially addressed if it's made it to--through committee.    Have you ever--or not you, but have the GAO ever considered revising its methodology for determining whether an action is partially addressed by Congress? Have you--have you all had any discussion on that, considering, you stated, that the clock is resetting every Congress, and so it gives the impression that Congress is not addressing these issues.    Mrs. Lawrence. Yes.    Mrs. Lawrence. Well, I just want to, you know, to the chair and to--and thank you all for being here today. So that clearly here in Congress as Representatives of the people, and stewards of the taxpayer's dollars, we should be doing at least as good as the executive branch if not better. I would--I would respectfully ask that we look at this methodology because we will continuously as the clock resets, appear to the taxpayers that we are not giving serious actions and considerations to your report.    Thank you. And I yield back my time.    Mrs. Lawrence. Thank you.