    Mr. O'Rourke. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Ambassador Crocker, I want to ask two big questions, and I am going to try to give you 4 minutes to answer. And you can even point me in the right direction if there is not enough time. But to follow up on something the ranking member said, you made a really compelling case about how we need to reverse gains that Iran has made in Iraq, and roll back their hegemony there, and we can't act on that quickly enough.    But within the context of the Iran-Saudi Arabia cold war that was described earlier, it is hard to see how Saudi Arabia is a much better friend than Iran. Their successful exportation of Salafism, Wahhabism, the funding that continues to this day, the mess that they have helped to create in Iraq, in Syria, the fact that they may have a comparable number of beheadings in Saudi Arabia, comparable to ISIS, and the fact that they aren't really accepting refugees, how do we use our influence with Saudi Arabia? What leverage do we have to get them to be a better actor?    And then the other question, with 3 minutes and 30 seconds left is, can you outline at 30,000 feet a comprehensive strategy for the region so that we are not picking one or the other battle, and really addressing things comprehensively? You mentioned the modern area is 100 years. What is the 100-year look at this? Sorry for the short time to respond.    Ambassador Crocker. Yes, sir. On Saudi Arabia, yes, we have a lot of significant differences with the Saudis that, you know, John McLaughlin has alluded to. At the same time, the U.S.-Saudi relationship has been a pillar of U.S. policy and engagement in the Middle East since the end of World War II. I mean, our policies and our engagement were set on the deck of the USS Quincy in Great Bitter Lake in early 1945, the historic meeting between President Roosevelt and Ibn Saud.    So before we kick the prop out from under that keystone, we better really think about it. And think, as you said so well, you know, that when the Saudis finally got engaged, circa 2003, they did a pretty good job cleaning house. We need to build on that.    There is a fundamental issue there, no pun intended, of Salafism, because if you look at the theology of Islamic State, it goes back to the same primary source of Ibn Taymiyya, who is the primary theological source for Saudi Salafism, as it is for Islamic State jihadism. So there are some very tricky issues here. But I think we have got to be careful with that relationship, particularly at the current time.    The overarching U.S. strategy, I would say, it is the security and the stability of the states in the region, broadly speaking, certainly those who have been close to us. They are facing unprecedented threats. Let's look at it across the board. Who needs what from us?    Lebanon, a country that I spent 6 long, hard years in, including during the Beirut Embassy bombing that I survived, they are facing an existential threat through the refugee flows. You know, one out of five people in Lebanon is a Syrian refugee. What do they need to ensure their own stability? What does Jordan need? What do the Kurds need? Under the overarching construct that a stable Middle East is a vital U.S. interest, and that it has a lot of components, so that is where I would start.    It raises issues of economic development, of military cooperation. There are a lot of pieces out there. This is the time to knit it into a whole. And the construct I would offer is just that, what is necessary for the security and the stability of the region and of our friends in it. This is an Arab-Israeli discussion. It is an Arab-Kurdish discussion. It is a critical American discussion.    Mr. O'Rourke. Thank you very much.    I yield back.    The Chairman. I am struck by the need for strategic thinking, now as much as we ever have needed it.    Mr. Wittman.    Mr. O'Rourke. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Ambassador Crocker, I wanted to return to the dialogue that we had earlier. Again, looking at the 100-year period of the modern Middle East, and those borders and some of the dynamics were formed in the cataclysm of a dying empire and the climax of another empire.    And right now, 100 years later, we have some extraordinarily unusual events, the greatest mass migration out of that region, perhaps ever, but certainly the greatest mass migration to Europe, and greatest displacement since World War II, the attacks in Paris, the many failed states, three for certain, perhaps another on the brink.    And I realize it is impossible to answer this adequately in 3\1/2\ minutes, but if I boil down your answer about a strategy, it was to better support our friends and strengthen preexisting relationships. And I just want to, again, point to Saudi Arabia, with all the history there and the historic meeting between the Saud family and Roosevelt in 1945 forward, is it time to rethink that relationship?    Should there be an additional price the Saudis pay for the implicit protection of the United States in terms of accepting refugees, being a signatory to the U.N., refugee compact to ensuring that they are not exporting this extreme fundamentalism, et cetera, et cetera? Just to use Saudi Arabia as one area.    But I don't think we could do more of the same and expect a different result. I really feel if there is ever a time to rethink our approach to the Middle East, it is yesterday, and would love to hear your thoughts on how we might approach that.    Ambassador Crocker. It is an important question, clearly. At this time of unprecedented upheaval in the region, and the evolution of an Islamic State threat that I have, in the past, styled as Al Qaeda 3.0, I would try to shore things up right now to reverse this really terrifying centrifugal spiral downward, and that, in my view, means working with our established partners.    If we can get somewhere to a better place, clearly, a part of ongoing discussions should be, so, let's sit down and look at how we got into the mess we were facing and are trying to resolve. And I think there is an important conversation I tried to hint at it, and I don't want to take you into the arcane weeds of Islamic theology, but Saudi Salafism and Islamic State jihadism both go back to the medieval Islamic thinker, Ibn Taymiyyah. They split on the concept of jihad. For the Salafists, it is defensive, for Islamic State it is offensive. But the point is, jihadism, as practiced by Islamic State is an offshoot, if you will, of mainstream Salafism. So how is Saudi Arabia going to deal with that? You know, it is the kind of discussion I don't think we often have with them, but we need to have it. Because eventually, as we saw in the 2003 timeframe, you know, it comes home. The ultimate goal of Islamic State is to center the caliphate on the holy cities of Mecca and Medina. That is what they are all about.    So, in the process of shoring up a region, relying on our traditional relationships, we need to have that conversation. But I would not, at this stage, certainly suggest that we give them an ``or else,'' because the relationship is as frayed as I have seen it, frankly. Of all the disturbing things I have seen over this last year, one of the most disturbing is something little remarked. And that is the fact the Saudis decided to launch an air campaign into Yemen without consulting with us.    Mr. O'Rourke. And yet we are helping them, without going into specifics. I mean, there is some cooperation there. And I am out of time. I appreciate the chairman's indulgence. Thank you for your answers. I appreciate it.    The Chairman. Thank you. Mr. Ashford.