    Mr. Lynch. Mr. Chairman, Ranking Member Fattah, members of the subcommittee, I am Zack Lynch. I am the founder and executive director of the Neurotechnology Industry Organization, and I thank you for the opportunity to provide testimony today on behalf of NIO on how to maximize the societal return on Federal investments in neuroscience research.    NIO is a nonprofit trade association that works to accelerate the development of treatments and cures for brain-related illnesses. With over 100 members, NIO represents emerging neuroscience companies, academic brain research institutes, and patient advocacy groups across the United States and the world.    Today more than 100 million Americans suffer from a brain-related illness. That is one in three. These include Alzheimer's, autism, addiction, depression, epilepsy, multiple sclerosis, Parkinson's, schizophrenia, stroke, and many more. They also include post-traumatic stress and traumatic brain injury, which disproportionately affects members of our armed services.    The combined economic burden of all these diseases has reached over $1 trillion a year in the United States alone. And this economic burden is accelerating as the population ages and expands, creating unprecedented demand for new treatments to cure neurological diseases and psychiatric illnesses.    Now, in neuroscience, Federally funded research has always provided the scientific foundation upon which the private sector builds the next generation of therapeutic products. The National Institutes of Health continues to be the largest and most innovative funder of basic neuroscience worldwide. This investment in brain science and the SBIR program is critical for ensuring that the pipeline of neuroscience innovation remains robust.    Accordingly, NIO requests that Congress appropriate at least $30.7 dollars for the NIH in fiscal year 2016. This 2.2 percent increase keeps real purchasing power flat, adjusting only for an increase in the biomedical research and development price index.    When it comes to the brain, however, we must do more than simply fund basic neuroscience research. We must improve public health. We must stimulate broad economic growth. And we must create new jobs.    Two years ago, recognizing both the unique challenge and opportunity in neuroscience, President Obama launched the BRAIN Initiative. This ambitious effort aims to invigorate investment in neuroscience in much the same way that the human genome project and the national nanotechnology have done previously.    Our industry is tremendously excited and optimistic about this program and its prospect to spur innovation, and we thank Congressman Fattah for his continued efforts in this initiative.    I think it is most important to note that unlike any other area of life science research, neuro--investing in neuroscience will create direct economic benefits far beyond just reducing healthcare costs and alleviating human suffering.    Let me give you two brief examples: Information technology, a multitrillion-dollar-a-year industry that sits on the cusp of being transformed by brain-inspired computing. Neuroscientists are researching the human brain for clues on how to design computers that can modify their hardware and software in realtime and modify themselves based on experience, just like the human brain does. As well as create radically efficient computers, the human brain runs on less electricity than a single light bulb. This area of cognitive computing represents a competitive advantage for American companies and will significantly impact economic growth and job creation and national security if we choose to invest wisely today.    Education. Total expenditures in education have reached over $1 trillion a year, and yet the results are not helping our citizens remain globally competitive. Neuroscience can help us leapfrog this education performance gap. By developing fully personalized learning systems that tap into our natural neuroplasticity, we can safely accelerate learning, knowledge creation, and innovation.    Now, looking forward, the convergence of neurogaming and neuromodulation with advances in self-learning computing will open up an entirely new realm of value creation of purely digital experiences that can be created and consumed with virtually no impact on global physical resources.    For example, one could sell virtual experiences complete with emotional stimulation with unique landscapes or immersive health environments that enhance mental well-being.    NIO believes that the BRAIN Initiative can and should play an essential role in accelerating the translation and commercialization of breakthrough neurotechnology. Accordingly, we ask that Congress allocate $300 million to the BRAIN Initiative in fiscal year 2016.    Additionally, we recommend the consideration of a budget-neutral program modeled on the Orphan Drug Act that will increase private investment into much needed treatments for neurological and neurodegenerative diseases.    Investing in neuroscience offers both treatments to terrible diseases but also a grand opportunity for economic revitalization and dramatic improvements in individual resiliency.    Today's neuroscience funding is inadequate if we want to lead the 21st century and beyond. I call on your subcommittee to strengthen our commitment to neuroscience funding to take advantage of the opportunities associated with the brain. I am confident that this approach will provide new treatments to terrible brain-related illnesses, transform industries, and create entirely new economic drivers for growth and jobs if we invest properly.    Thank you for your attention, and I would be happy to take questions when you open it up to the panel.    Mr. Lynch. Yes sir.    Mr. Lynch. Well, thank you for that question.    I would like to return, in answering you, to the point you were trying to make earlier, which is these are exceedingly complex problems we are trying to solve.    And to Dr. Hyman's points earlier, much of the breakthroughs that we are talking about that he articulated, whether it was neurogenomics, CRISPR/Cas-9, optogenetics, those were all borne out of the Federal investment in the human genome project. Right?    And so what we are talking about here is: How are we actually going to solve these problems with the brain and develop treatments and cures for individuals who are suffering and alleviate these problems that are occurring with these families and the drag on the economy as a whole? We need to invest in fundamental brain research, in the BRAIN Initiative. We need to step it up and push forward.    So what I represent is the neurotechnology industry. There are currently 800 companies worldwide right now that are developing treatments for neurological diseases and psychiatric illnesses. About 450 of those reside in the United States itself.    Last year this industry generated about $150 billion in revenue in and of itself. That includes selling pharmaceuticals for anxiety, depression, epilepsy, multiple sclerosis. So there is a big pharma element to this industry.    But the breakthroughs--they have basically left the ``R'' in neuroscience aside because of the hyper-complexity associated with developing these new treatments and are looking to these gentlemen to actually find some new technology so that we can get some insight into how we are going to develop these next-generation treatments.    So from the venture capital side, we have been hosting a neurotech investing and partnering conference for 10 years now, and each year it brings together, you know, a modest number of companies, you know, 250 people, you know, 50 companies pitching their treatments, you know, to try and get venture capital funding.    And what we have seen over the past decade is a continuous increase in the interest of venture capital to fund these companies. Now it is up to about $1.5 billion a year across about 120 deals last year. Okay? But the problem that we are beginning to see----    Mr. Lynch. I couldn't agree with you more. Humanity has progressed through an agricultural revolution, an industrial revolution, and we are in the midst of an information revolution.    And the next revolution, the technological revolution that will transform how we all work, live and play on a daily basis, will be the neurotechnology revolution. It will impact our laws, how we do marketing, how we entertain ourselves, how we treat each other, how we provide new ways for people to experience life, and it will impact every industry in different ways and create new industries like ``neurotainment''--right?--completely new forms of entertaining far beyond the therapeutic impact that it will have.    Mr. Lynch. Sure. I mean, with any new technologies, there is both promise and peril. And we need to have extreme vigilance as these technologies come to market and are being researched.    I personally know right now that IBM, Facebook, Google, HP, Qualcomm, all the major chipmakers around the world, some of the major software companies, are hiring neuroscientists because they see the competitive advantage that brain-inspired computing can actually bring to their organization.    So, in a way, you know, the cat is kind of out of the bag, and we need to have these public conversations around, ``What are the limits to these technologies? And how do we design them in initially?''