    Mr. Abraham. Well, after I read you all's testimony last night I went on and read each of you all's bios. Your parents must be very proud.    We all in this room I think understand the potential that this type of research can lead to not only in the human endeavors but in plant technology, curing world hunger. So it's applicable to so many aspects of humanity.    And to--I think it was Dr.--your point, Dr. McNally, that it probably would be unethical if we have a child with sickle cell in the ALL and this therapy is available not to offer it.    Dr. Doudna, I salute your intelligence for recognizing it even though I know you weren't particularly looking for the CRISPR/Cas9 technology that you recognized it. I compared it last night--I was reading--to Fleming discovering penicillin. He had been--I think maybe this CRISPR can save as millions of lives as penicillin has, so kudos to you guys for what you do.    I guess the question I'm leading up to, the old adage if you get two doctors in a room, you get three different opinions, as we know very true. That's certainly on my end of the stick.    Dr. Doudna, you published I think an article in a science magazine that you wanted this moratorium and, Dr. Dzau, you've been pushing for. Are you guys getting some pushback from members of your community that says, you know, no, we don't need a moratorium and let this thing go? Let this genie out of the bottle and don't put it back in?    Mr. Abraham. Dr. Dzau, when--Dr. Kahn, when you had the--I think it was back in 1975 I was reading last night y'all had a recombinant DNA moratorium that you tried to put forth voluntarily. In the international community, was that followed? Has that been pretty much adhered to throughout the last few generations?    Mr. Abraham. Much like now.    Mr. Abraham. For sure.    Mr. Abraham. Well, we think--we can probably say realistically that America will lead in the discussion of the ethical and moral implications of this, but to follow up with your statement then, as Americans or as the United States----    Mr. Abraham. --scientific community, if we should see an element get outside the bounds, can we do anything?    Mr. Abraham. Yeah. Thank you.    Mr. Chairman, I'll yield back.