    Dr. Parker. Good afternoon, Chairman Wilson, Ranking Member Langevin, and members of the subcommittee. Thank you for the invitation to appear before you today. It is an honor to be here with Honorable Ken Wainstein representing the Biodefense Blue Ribbon Panel.    Mr. Wainstein covered the threat and the need for a biodefense strategy. For my part, I would like to bring a few programmatic issues to your attention.    As a retired member of the Armed Forces, I spent many years working to protect the Nation, our soldiers, and their families. I am proud to tell you that the Department of Defense institutions, such as USAMRID , which I once commanded, contribute significantly to U.S. biodefense alone and in concert with our civilian and international partners. These organizations have dedicated scientists, they conduct cutting-edge research, they discover new countermeasures, and they provide science-based knowledge to operations. In summary, they are the go-to scientists to counter biothreats for the DOD.    While this is commendable, it does not mean that these human institutions are infallible, as has been recently seen in both military and civilian labs in the DOD and HHS . They have made mistakes, and if left uncorrected will contribute to the Nation's biological risk.    The recent laboratory safety and security breaches at Dugway illustrate this point. As you know, despite following protocols, viable anthrax spores were inadvertently sent to other labs over an extended period of time. As it turns out, there is an incomplete scientific understanding of the inactivation process, there are no standardized protocols for inactivation, and the checks that Dugway had in place were insufficient.    It is important to note that DOD's risk assessment concluded that this incident posed little risk to public health; but we must assume that without continued focus on smart improvements in biosecurity and biosafety, this will happen again somewhere in the Nation's laboratory network with a worse outcome. We cannot afford institutional failures.    One of the basic tenets of DOD is that we must protect the warfighter. No other agency can do that for DOD. This is a top priority. In the case of biodefense, it means addressing a number of vulnerabilities.    Military personnel are the most likely to be exposed to infectious disease threats, some which the world has never seen before, and some which do not have any treatments. Ebola is a good example of this, but there are worse examples. This means that we have to protect our soldiers. We need trained and equipped medical teams with logistical support ready to respond to outbreaks or bioterror attack. We have to have rapid diagnostics, effective biodetection, as well as global biosituational awareness.    These and other issues drive a number of DOD programs, to include the Chemical and Biological Defense Program, the Military Infectious Disease Program, the Cooperative Bio Engagement Program, GEIS , DARPA , and others, who have broadly followed either AT&L , Health Affairs, and OSD .    I want to emphasize there are many hardworking, dedicated professionals working in these programs, but we need to better prepare for the eventual use of biological weapons. We believe that DOD needs to clarify parameters for military support to civilian authorities in response to a domestic biological attack, update and implement military biodefense doctrine, hopefully tiered to a new national strategy as recommended by the panel.    Let me provide one programmatic example of the need to include military-civilian collaboration. There is a longstanding need for effective biodetectors on and off the battlefield. Mr. Langevin and others that serve on the House Committee on Homeland Security are well aware of the DHS experience with BioWatch, a biodetection system that a number of experts believe is insufficient to the needs of the Nation. DOD also has a separate biodetection program and it's had one for years. And although DOD and DHS are communicating better than ever on these programs, this is just an example where we need an integrated program, in this case biodetection, driven by strong centralized leadership, guided by a national biodefense strategy, that we can field effective and affordable solutions in a timely manner for our soldiers and citizens.    DOD and the interagency face a number of other challenges. These include the need to establish effective BW intelligence, authoritative microbial forensics and attribution, and decontamination and remediation.    I can go into detail about these later, but before closing I would like to add that the lines between BW and infectious diseases have blurred, and DOD's positive contributions to global health security through our OCONUS laboratories, our global biosurveillance programs, and cooperative bioengagement cannot be overstated.    In closing, I would like to thank the members of the subcommittee again for this opportunity to appear before you today. Thank you.    Dr. Parker. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I will try to address that for you.    We are in the age of biology, and biology is all about information, from the genetics, the proteomics, and so forth, as well as our medical records. And so it is all about information. And much of our information now, it is all digital. And we are also in the era of synthetic biology where in the not too distant future new and dangerous pathogens can actually be synthesized.    So the ability to protect this information and make sure the information does not get misused is actually a very critical step. And I believe there are things being put in place to help protect that information, but I think this is an area that is going to require increasing focus as we move forward so that this information doesn't get hacked and misused.    Dr. Parker. I think it is still, I would say, a work in progress to begin to address how we make sure and protect. And it is a dual-edged sword. On the one hand, we have to be able to share information to collaborate for solutions, but on the other hand, we have to make sure that we can protect the information so it is not being used for nefarious purposes by bad people.    So we do have to be able to work it both ways, but it is a work in progress. And I think more attention will need to be put in place here so that we can have the appropriate security, but also be able to share in the scientific discoveries and work that needs to take place in collaboration across that space that you mentioned.    Dr. Parker. Thanks for the question, and absolutely. I think you know I spent a lot of my career in government and was a major proponent, cheerleader, whatever word, for interagency coordination. And there are a lot of people working very hard at trying to drive interagency collaboration and communication, and I would say they are doing a good job. But on the other hand, we can do better.    And it really comes back to the central tenet of the findings of the report that the need for having strong centralized leadership, driven by a solid strategy, and then tied to the budget, and department, agency accountability, with clear leads and supporting roles identified, timelines, metrics, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera. It really comes down to that leadership and strategy is going to be necessary to improve our collaborative interactions across the departments and agencies.    People are working, they are trying to work very closely together, but sometimes process can be more important than the outcome. And the only way to get above that, again, strong leadership, strategy, accountability, tied to the budget, and somebody willing to make some hard decisions. But I do not want to give you the impression that people aren't working hard to collaborate and communicate, because they are.    Dr. Parker. And I think this is also critical too, because in the report we are not recommending increases in the budget, but it really comes down to how can we best use the budget available.    Dr. Parker. And it comes down, again, to that leadership, accountability, and the strategy to enhance that collaboration across the interagency space.    Dr. Parker. Yes. First, like the report says, medical countermeasures development, acquisition, procurement, it is really hard. There is risk for everybody involved. It is hard for the government, it is hard for industry.    I will say, echo as it was reported, it was an amazing achievement, how the Federal Government, industry surged to try to produce an Ebola vaccine very quickly. But we still don't have an Ebola vaccine.    What is really critical is what we do between outbreaks, between attacks. If we don't have something available in the stockpile or soon to be licensed, it is going to be very hard to have it and surge.    I think that is really one of the big lessons with the Ebola outbreak. What is critical is between epidemics, not in a crisis situation. And it comes back, then, to leadership, strategy, and accountability; then down at the lower level on what can we do to improve our medical countermeasure development.    We have got to be willing to take risk in that in between outbreaks. We have got to bring more innovation to that. Tried and true past technologies aren't going to necessarily work. We have to also think about the regulatory pathways, how can we improve that. And the FDA is thinking about those things.    Dr. Parker. Well, I think they are key, because there is no way that government alone can do this, there is no way industry can do this. This is a space that, just like tropical neglected diseases, biodefense, there is no commercial market, or very little commercial market. So that public-private partnership is going to be key.    Some of the things I would say actually that DOD does pretty well is has a little bit more transparency in what their requirements are and what the 5-year planning budget cycle looks like. So a little bit more transparency in what the needs are, what the requirements is kind of critical. Reducing some of the bureaucratic decisionmaking delays is very critical, particularly for industry. The panel heard that a lot from industry during our look at this.    Even in DOD, the Federal acquisition contracting, is not best business practices for the small companies. We are not talking about large pharmaceutical companies that are part of the biodefense space. It is primarily small biotechnology companies that are having a difficult time surviving. And many of the Federal acquisition contracting is not conducive to that industry best practices.    I would applaud DOD. Recently, particularly the Joint Program Executive Office, has announced an intention to use more use of other transactional authorities. That is a move in the right direction.    Dr. Parker. Well, there are a number of, I think, incentives that the panel heard during our study. And since I am not from industry, I am academia now, I may not be the best to actually get down in the details of specific incentives that would be good for industry.    But I think the point is, what we recommend in this, is that we really need to have industry and government come together and really talk about what works. And industry will no doubt come up with a pretty good list. And there is no doubt that some of those may not work for government. But on the other hand, government is going to have to be a little bit more open than they have in the past and actually not just listen, but do something about it.    So I think the real key thing I think that we captured pretty well in this report is the need to really identify those with the public and private partners, talk about what is practical and can be done, and begin to implement. And there has been discussion about it before, but nothing has been implemented, or very little.    Dr. Parker. Well, first, thank you for the contribution by the University of Nebraska, outstanding professionals that really stood up to the task when the Nation needed them very badly. So thank you for that.    And it really is that training education. We really need to go back to the basics. And I think back, actually, after the anthrax letter attacks that we have already talked about here early on, a lot of the programs, particularly, say, the hospital preparedness, the CDC public health preparedness grant programs that really expanded after 9/11 really focused a whole lot of effort on infection control, the medical management of biological casualties, some of the basics that were really needed across this country so that we could do that.    I think somewhere in that intervening time, 2005, 2006, we began to lose that edge, and I think that is apparent in the Ebola outbreak.    Dr. Parker. But I would say, just to follow on, we have only made recommendations.    Dr. Parker. These recommendations need to be implemented and acted upon so that we can correct some of the deficiencies that I think are apparent in the system now.    Dr. Parker. Thank you.    Dr. Parker. Well, I think actually I go back to perhaps what the panel actually concluded, that maybe the most important incentive goes back to the original Project BioShield in 2004, that having that appropriation up front so that industry knew that there was going to be a market for the countermeasures that were going to be developed, that is probably the single most valuable incentive.    Dr. Parker. Well, I guess, Project BioShield, that is focused on HHS and DHS and the relationship of who does the threat determinations, who works on the countermeasure development against those threats.    DOD doesn't have a similar appropriation like that, but at least DOD has 5-year budgeting plans, that short of an appropriation up front, that 5-year budgeting plan for DOD is pretty solid and does give industry an idea of what is going to come. Of course, those budgets can change every year, again----    Dr. Parker. In the old days, I would say the Cold War, post-Cold War era, it was much easier. There was a list of and the intelligence had a list of potential pathogens, and they have been codified in the CDC list. And so that could be anthrax, smallpox, plague, the hemorrhagic fever viruses, botulinum neurotoxins.    Those are traditional BW threats. We still need to be worried about those. There is a reason why we need to have a huge stockpile of antibiotics against anthrax. Anthrax is special.    But actually you asked a very good question, because the problem is getting harder. In fact, lists are really no more applicable today, although we still need to pay attention to those six I mentioned, but it is getting harder today in the era of biotechnology, synthetic biology. It could be anything. And so it is a challenge.    Again, go back to BW intelligence. We need to put more emphasis on that. And in defense of the intelligence community, it is a hard, hard problem. Bio in the WMD space is the hardest of the hard.    Dr. Parker. Yes, there are certain areas. I would say on the Korean Peninsula, I will give you an example, that we have been--the DOD, in fact, has been working very hard with counterparts in the Korean military and the CDC against some pretty known thought to be high priority threats. And the doctrine is evolving and should be different, because we need to be worried about not only force-on-force military deployment of biological weapons in a scenario like that, we need to be concerned about covert use against not only the military, but the civilian population.    So these are areas where we have not only a large number of military forces, we also have strategic partnerships with our allies that happen to be in very large population centers that are living very close to a determined enemy.    Dr. Parker. Well, I think, yes, the first question really kind of got into that. These areas, the problem is very hard. And these small clandestine labs, it would be very difficult for our intelligence community to ever discover these.    Dr. Parker. You can make some BW pathogens that can cause significant number of casualties in a relatively small clandestine laboratory, and also get it in a condition that would be relatively easy to disseminate. It is a serious threat.    Dr. Parker. Yes. I will start. Ken probably has some observations as well due to his White House experience.    It became pretty clear early on that leadership was an issue, it was a factor, and the need to somehow instill, inculcate stronger leadership. So the panel actually looked at various options, to include reinstituting the special advisor for health security and biodefense, even actually had the three previous special advisors testify before the committee. Looked at that model. Looked at the so-called czar model. And several other things were considered.    But it kept coming back to who has got really the ear of the President, that also has the ability to make some hard decisions, that can affect the budget, and who can really also represent those outside of government the best, speak on their behalf, and also encourage those outside government, particularly State governments, local governments, and lead efforts needed there as well. And it really kind of backed into the decision that the position who is best suited to do that is the Vice President.    Ken, do you want to----