    Mr. McKinley. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I missed the first portion last week when we began, so perhaps this question has come up, but I am just curious on your perspective, because you are coming at, it looks like, from a different panel than we had before. But I am curious about some of the discussion about the Animus River out in Colorado. And I know it is about 126 miles long, and the EPA caused some problem there. They caused the issue to occur at the Gold King Mine.    Now, two things here with that is, are you hearing, from your perspective, did they solve it in a quick way? Do you think that--again, because we were talking earlier about if it is federally--if the Federal Government caused the problem, they can take a long time to get it resolved, or not, or they can find ways to cut corners, perhaps. I have heard some of this.    Do you think they did a pretty good job out there? Have you heard anything from the states, from other people talking about how they cleaned up the river? Let me just start with that. Any comments about the--you haven't heard? You don't know anything about it?    Mr. McKinley. OK. I am just thinking, since it touched several states and it had some impact on--again, it goes back to what you were saying, sir, about individual input. With 126 miles long, there were a lot of people that were affected by that. Their farms were affected by it. I don't know whether or not they had a chance to participate in a solution of how--I know it is going to clear up themselves naturally, I understand that, but the damage has been done.    So part of my point would be--or the second question would be, who should pay for the cleanup? The taxpayers? Or should the government pay for that out of their current funding? Who would you think? It is kind of input. We are sitting around a table now where maybe you don't have an official position, but who do you think should pay for the damage the government caused by what they did? Is that something we are going to ask the taxpayers to come up with the money, or do you think maybe it should come out of their budget?    Does anyone have the courage to speak on this?    Mr. McKinley. But just in general, if a government causes a problem, should the government clean it up on their dime, or should they pass that on to the taxpayers of the country?    Mr. McKinley. Yes.    Mr. McKinley. It doesn't. It doesn't. Because this one is something--they directed the work to be done; it caused a problem. And I am just questioning--if they were a private person in the mining industry--I come from the coalfields of West Virginia. When they cause a problem, the mines are fined immediately, and they have to come up with the money.    I am just curious on this, whether or not this is something that fits into some of this discussion about responsibility, where the Federal Government should be. So it is more of just a general discussion. It may be very generic rather than specific to the Gold King Mine, whether or not they should pay for it out of their budget rather than a separate appropriation to clean it up. Because it is going to be millions of dollars in damages to the farmers and the fisheries and all that are affected by that.    So I go back to your point again, do the people have a chance to speak? Because from what I can understand from reading the newspapers out there, there are a lot of people who have been damaged out there, and I am just wondering whois going to compensate them. Is it going to be the taxpayers, or is it going to be the EPA for calling the wrong shot?    Mr. McKinley. Thank you very much.    I yield back my time.