    Ms. Collins. Thank you, Chairman Smith and Ranking Member Johnson and Committee Members. It is a pleasure for me to be here today to talk about the future of our great country and to share my perspective as a former space shuttle commander. I have a passion for exploration, and I'm firmly committed to the future successes of our country's space program.    A few words about my background, I'm a former Air Force test pilot, a graduate of the Air Force Test Pilot School, and a veteran of four spaceflights. I served for five years on the NASA Advisory Council from 2007 to 2011. I currently serve on the National Academy of Sciences' Aerospace Science and Engineering Board, and although I serve on this and many other boards and advisory panels, I want to say that I'm here today representing myself and not any of these other panels.    So in my opening comments I have three general points. The first one is I want to thank you for asking the opinion of the operators of our space systems or the guys in the trenches so to speak. I hope I can give you an operational perspective from the astronaut's point of view.    Secondly, I can't emphasize enough the love that Americans have for our space program. As a speaker and as an advisor, I routinely meet people from all around the United States. They are inspired by human spaceflight and they are very excited about scientific discoveries. They see the space program as a bright future, where we can imagine possibilities both human and technical.    And frankly, the brand of NASA is easy to love. For example, my story began in 4th grade when I read a magazine article about the Gemini astronauts. Since then, I've wanted to fly in space and be part of this great adventure. It led me to study of mathematics and a career in flying.    Today, I see people of all ages light up when the subject of space travel is discussed. In my opinion, the history of American exploration is right up there with baseball, apple pie, and the Fourth of July. And I might add that the recent announcement for new astronauts brought a record number of applicants, 18,300 applicants, which is more than twice as many as the previous record.    Now, my third point concerns the purpose and stability of the human spaceflight program. Obviously, the success of any decades-long program is related to the long-term commitment from the top. So first, a mission is defined. Next, a strategy is set. And then, an operational plan is written. Now, that operational plan includes a test plan, and a test plan includes a build-up approach. This is one of the fundamentals that we learn when we go--and that we teach when we go through the test pilot schools.    As we run a test program, occasionally, technical changes will need to be made because we learn as we go. Sometimes, we make mistakes when we do things for the first time. But necessary technical changes will not affect the originally defined mission. That must stay stable so that the team members can stay focused on the mission.    I understand the long-range vision for U.S. human--for the U.S. human spaceflight program is landing a human on Mars. I support that mission. And I sincerely hope that that first person is an American. We can do it, and frankly, we can afford it. Those who say we can't are just putting their priorities elsewhere.    When asked about how to best prepare for a successful Mars mission, as a crewmember, I certainly would like to see the hardware tested on the moon's surface first. This is part of a test plan's build-up approach. Policy leaders are asking astronauts to risk their lives on space journeys, and it is our experience that testing in similar environments like the moon will minimize risk.    When the Constellation program was cancelled in 2010, some people said, ``why go back to the moon? We've already been there.'' Imagine the year 1806, when Lewis and Clark returned from their 2-1/2 year journey of exploring the western continent. They and their team members are declared national heroes. But then no one else goes back because we had already been there. Of course, this is almost inconceivable. It would diminish the entire reason for going in the first place.    I was a member of the NASA Advisory Council when Constellation was cancelled. I was shocked, as were my colleagues, first, because it was so unexpected, and second, because the timing, so close to the end of the space shuttle program, left NASA with no options.    The legislation that we're discussing here today has ideas that will certainly address this problem. I'm not wedded to any specific proposal myself, but the problem does need to be addressed, especially given the billions of dollars wasted as a result and the lost time and motivations of engineers and astronauts.    I believe program cancellation decisions that are made by bureaucracies, behind closed doors, without input by the people, are divisive, damaging, cowardly, and many times more expensive in the long run. As a shuttle commander, I would never make a huge decision without input from all the experts, even the ones I do not agree with.    So what will keep us from having surprises like this set us back years? A continuity of purpose over many years and political administrations. I know there are ways to do this through policy, organizational structure, and strong leadership. And finally, strategic stability will give the teams efficiency and a focus that we saw in the Apollo program. Apollo happened by the end of the decade because people knew exactly what the mission was and when it should happen. They believed in it. And of course it was properly funded. There was not much division over what the mission was, and NASA was given the responsibility to figure out how to do it, and the result was dedication, passion, and success. And I know we can do this again. Thank you.    Ms. Collins. Yes, thank you for the question. I think it depends on your perspective because some say yes and some say no, so I think at the top NASA does have a final goal of landing a crew on Mars approximately 2030, 2033. But how you get there is where there is maybe disagreement or some confusion possibly on how we're going to do that because the mission has changed and NASA has defined the roadmaps and they are in those National Academy of Sciences' studies that have been published, one in 2012 and one in 2014.    We go there by using the moon as a testbed or by visiting an asteroid, and I realize the asteroid mission has changed several times. It was originally astronauts would visit an asteroid and work there, and as time went on, the asteroid got smaller. It was difficult to find the right asteroid. One of the problems is these asteroids are moving around in space so they're not always where you think they're supposed to be. You have to project where it's going to be in the future, and then if your mission delays, that's going to change some of the planning and possibly may even change the destination to a different asteroid. And of course all these asteroids are different and they have different makeups, different sizes.    So NASA then decided to capture an asteroid and bring it to the lunar space, do that robotically, and then have astronauts visit. So that mission has changed because, as we go along, we find that there's technical difficulties.    So I see that that's where the disagreement is in the scientific and operational community as to how we should do that mission. Most people agree that we need to go to Mars. The problem is how do we get there?    Ms. Collins. The question was on the top two things that NASA could do? I think that--although I'm not a policy or budget expert, I think that there may be something in a multiyear funding that seems to make sense.    And the other comment I have is on the Board of Directors that we had heard mentioned earlier today. I think the key thing about having a Board of Directors in adding stability is getting the right people on that board that are entirely independent. And I serve on several boards, and I think the key to having a board that works very well and very healthy is getting people that love the mission, have a passion for the mission, and are good listeners and can listen to all sides of the issue before they come in with their recommendation and their good governance. So I think that where there could be problems with that I think is something that's worthy of looking at.    Ms. Collins. I had a minute to think about the question. You asked about the top three important things for NASA. I would say first is most people know American astronauts right now have to go to Russia and train in Russia to get to our space station. So of course a very top issue is getting launch from our country's soil, our astronauts to our space station, which I understand is funded through 2024.    The second I believe is heavy launch, obviously for our long-term space goals, and the third is getting the best people. We need to get the smartest people into NASA by going out and recruiting, and the best way to do that is having a mission that they believe in.    Ms. Collins. When the Apollo 11 crew landed on the moon, 1969, they put a plaque that said, ``We came in peace for all mankind.'' I'm not sure China would put a plaque like that on the moon.    I am concerned about China. I'm not an expert on China, so I'll get that in the record. But I'm not sure what their intentions are. And as Dr. Griffin said, we can only guess based on what they're doing now, what their performance is. We don't really cooperate with China in space although we cooperate with all other nations, and I believe in international cooperation. Whether or not we cooperate with the Chinese is a big question mark. It's just a little bit scary, and sometimes, part of me says competition is good in many ways, and if we ever end up in a race back to the moon against China, that might give us a little kick in the pants----    Ms. Collins. --to get out there and do it, whether it's the moon or Mars or whatever we're doing in space.    Ms. Collins. Well, thank you for the question. I think--well, first of all, let me say our system of government is the greatest in the world, and I think that discussions that we have are wonderful. We get things out on the table. We have disagreements. I think the end goal--everybody's goal is the same. We want to have a strong human spaceflight program with a mission, we want to succeed, we want to get there at the best cost, and we want to do it safely. We don't want to hurt anybody in the process.    My first answer I would say is don't give up. So this applies on all levels. I mean, we did give up on Constellation. I think that the reason given was the cost, and yes, the cost was high. I mean, we all admit that. But instead of just giving up on the whole program--and I'm talking about not the past; I'm talking about the future here if this happens again. Let's just take a good hard look at can we--where can we cut the fat? Do we have the right people in there working the program? Maybe there's changes that need to be made, but we don't really need to give up on the end mission once that's been defined. We might need to change course a little, but keep--don't give up. Keep the mission in sight.    Ms. Collins. We as a country need to discuss these very, very important missions out in the open. They have got to be discussed--I don't believe this was discussed--in fact, I'm sure it wasn't because I was very shocked and very surprised when I learned that the budget was rolled out that first week in February of 2010 and there was a big fat zero in the Constellation program. I asked one of the top managers at NASA--in fact, I was up here on the NASA Advisory Council--did you know this was coming? And he said well, we thought we might have lost Ares I. We had no idea that we were going to lose the whole thing. I was just amazed that--does our government work this way? This can't possibly be true.    Ms. Collins. So to answer your question, what do we--we have got to ensure the discussion takes place in the open and that--and this is the way good businesses need to be run. You've got to talk to the people that work all throughout the organization, people outside of the organization from academia, from industry. It is most certain that everyone will disagree on how we do it, but that's healthy. And then we make a decision by--I mean, you can vote or we can be autocratic about it, but it cannot be a surprise, so however you do that.    And I'd like to add one other thing to your previous question about going to Mars. It is very, very, very important that the life-support systems work, and the space station, this it--I know I'm saying the obvious here, but what we're doing on the space station is essential. But the moon and Mars are different places. You've got dust, you do have some gravity, it's just a different place. You have got to test your closed-loop life-support systems, whether it's in habitat, a spacecraft or in a spacesuit. A spacesuit is a--like a mini spacecraft.    Ms. Collins. So I just wanted to add that to the previous question. Thank you.    Ms. Collins. Sir, I'd like to just mention the space station as far as commercial space. I know this may sound like it's a crazy idea, but--okay. The space station, we know, is funded to 2024, and the United States has to decide are we going to find that out to maybe 2028 or do we stop funding in 2024 and put it into heavy lift or deep space? Having been in space, I believe that there will be a commercial interest in the space station. I can't really say timing-wise 2024, but there are plenty of tourists and people that have money that would love to go up in space and live on the space station. It is such an amazing, wonderful human experience. People would pay big money to do that, and if we could find a private company that'd be willing to take over the space station and sell it like a hotel, sell space up there like a hotel, we may be able to kind of wean ourselves off the space station and get NASA back into deep space, just a thought.    Ms. Collins. Somewhere----    Ms. Collins. Well, I think that's a very good question because it depends on who you talk to. I can tell you, though, that when I was at NASA, morale was very high. We had space shuttle program, we were building a space station and supporting the space station with the knowledge that the long-term goal is going to Mars. I know that's very far out in the future. I sure hope I'm alive when people walk on the surface of Mars, but I'm pretty sure my kids are going to be here when we walk on Mars, and I think we're going to get there.    But to answer your question, you know, I think that would--that's not entirely clear to me. I know that when I did surveys like that, I gave NASA the highest ratings possible because I felt that the leadership within the astronaut office and flight crew operations and even at Johnson Space Center was outstanding. And I think that was the perception of my coworkers also.    Every organization has its cultural issues. I would have to say of all the places I've worked, NASA is the tops, no doubt.    Ms. Collins. But----    Ms. Collins. Okay. When the Constellation program was cancelled, what happened shortly after that was people thought, did I just lose my job? What am I going to do tomorrow? Do I go to work tomorrow? I think there was a very unstable period there, and I'm not even sure that the bosses knew what to tell their people. Just keep coming to work, just keep doing what you're doing, but when am I going to lose my job?    So I think that's a--that's really a tough question to answer. I can see both sides of the issue.    Ms. Collins. That remains to be seen. I do want to make a comment on the proposal for the ten-year Administrator. I think that the concept is good. I think it might be too long. In reality, if--when you start searching for someone who is willing to commit to ten years of a very, very difficult job, which is your--it may be hard to find somebody of all the qualified people out there that want to initially commit for ten years. And then how do you know that they'd be willing to stay that long? It's just a long period of time. If you went more with 5 or 6, I think your pool of qualified potentials out there would be bigger and you'd have more people willing to take on the very difficult job of NASA Administration.    Ms. Collins. But I think it remains to be seen. On the surface, I would say yes.    Ms. Collins. Just based on what I have seen with over government agencies.    Ms. Collins. Well, thank you for the question. I think that's great. And obviously, the mission we had--now, I was inspired by the Gemini astronauts, as well as the----    Ms. Collins. --Apollo astronauts. I wanted to be one of them as a young child, and it led me into the study of math and science and eventually becoming a pilot in the Air Force and it was----    Ms. Collins. Yes, and it was just seeing what can be done. I wanted to be part of it because to me it was just a great adventure.    And to answer your question, though, we need to teach our teachers because every astronaut cannot be in every classroom.    Ms. Collins. Now, I learned about the space program from a magazine. There's not enough astronauts to get into all the classrooms. I wish there were, but the teachers need to have continuing education because I think some of them are a little bit afraid to teach space because they think the kids might know more than they do. So some of them--they don't--they want an astronaut to be in the classroom, but otherwise, they don't want to talk about it, so education for the teachers so they can get pumped up, it doesn't have to be done by the U.S. Government. A lot of private entities, educational groups around the country teach teachers, and I think we need to do more of that because that'll get more young people involved not just in the space program but we're becoming, you know, so much more technical. We need kids in cyber, we need kids in engineering, energy, there's--it's everything. But you can tie it all to the space program.