    Mr. Higgins. Thank you. Mr. Secretary, is this the most complicated negotiation that the administration has been involved with internationally?    Mr. Higgins. Yes. Now, the interesting thing is, you know, it is still an agreement. You hear varying reports saying that, you know, 90 percent is done and 60 percent is done. But, you know, the bottom line is that it is still very fluid.    Mr. Higgins. And those issues that remain will always be the most critical issues because they are the most difficult to find mutuality on.    Mr. Higgins. But, clearly, the issue of fuel and enrichment capacity are central to this and inspections and verification. How many pounds of enriched uranium is Iran though to have currently?    Mr. Higgins. And under the current draft framework, what would become of that 3.5 percent enriched uranium?    Mr. Higgins. The proliferation of centrifuges 10 years ago, really, under Rouhani, there were probably, you know, less than 200 centrifuges.    Now there is over 19,000. Now we are talking about advanced centrifuges. We are talking about next generation centrifuges. We are talking about, as you mentioned in your response, a knowledge that you can't destroy.    Is it--is it plausible, is it--is it realistic to accept the uranium--Iranian argument that they need so many centrifuges in order to sustain a civil peaceful nuclear program?    Mr. Higgins. Well, let me ask you this. What percentage of Iranian's domestic nuclear power is nuclear?    Mr. Higgins. The--you know, it is just, you know, again, very, very difficult within the context of what Iran is engaged in today.    Qasem Soleimani, head of the Quds Forces, is on the ground in Iraq today, probably, you know, directly leading the Shi'a militias in Iraq today to defeat ISIS.    He saved Bashir al-Assad in the 11th hour to preserve Syria as a land bridge into Lebanon, to Hezbollah, which acts as a proxy for Iran.    And yet here we sit with them face to face in negotiations. I do understand the complexity of diplomacy and the fact that you use diplomacy with your enemies more than your--but this is a very, very, very hard thing not only technically from the standpoint of a negotiator--and we do appreciate your efforts--but politically as well. You know trust is a hard thing and America is an extraordinary superpower.    But I do believe that even if, you know, in the end we have to exercise a military option because negotiations fail, I do think we have to demonstrate to the international community that every diplomatic avenue was exhausted before that can happen and that is, unfortunately, the responsibility of America as the indispensable world power.    I yield back.