    Admiral Winnefeld. Good morning, Chairman Thornberry and Mrs. Davis and members of the committee.    Believe it or not, it is good to see you again. And I thank you for the opportunity for me to be able to contribute my thoughts on the important topic of acquisition reform. It is also a pleasure to appear alongside two of my longstanding former colleagues of whom I think so highly. As we approach this very important topic, I think we should be mindful of the fact that acquiring the tools that DOD needs to protect the American people is not an easy task. We are talking about conceiving, designing, budgeting, prototyping, building, testing, adjusting, and evolving the most advanced technology around and not doing it on the scale of the iPhone.    It isn't easy. And it isn't cheap. And it isn't always fast. Though some nations do it faster than we do and some do it for less money, nobody produces a better final product than the United States. And when some pretty capable people from both government and industry are trying to do this immensely complex task in a cost-competitive environment within a chaotic budget environment with a rapidly evolving threat and quickly evolving technical landscape, it should come as no surprise that we sometimes have cost, schedule, and performance challenges.    That said, there is no question that we can do better. And we are doing better. But I also applaud the committee for the attention that you are giving in the interest of good stewardship of our taxpayer dollars and our readiness to fight. My participation today really regards the front end, the requirements process, and, most specifically, the joint requirements process, where I believe we have made some pretty solid progress. Specifically, during the 4 years that I was privileged to serve as vice chairman and oversaw this process, we did the following: We sped up the joint document process by dramatically shrinking the size of our documents and by compressing the time allowed for our stakeholders to review them. For example, initial capability documents that were once 2- to 300 pages are now limited to 10 pages. What once took 6 months or more to approve in an initial capability document is now limited to 97 days, which sounds like a lot, but there are a lot of wickets they have to jump through. We also worked hard to inculcate the provisions of the 2009 Weapon Systems Acquisition Reform Act , which was a good piece of legislation, into the requirements process, including bringing cost, schedule, and technical maturity considerations into joint requirements deliberations. We actually considered those as factors. We shrank the Joint Requirements Oversight Council meetings from an auditorium full of people to a much smaller group in a much smaller room. And we really leveraged what the WSARA asked us to do, and that is our outside experts, our AT&L experts, our comptroller expert, our USD policy experts, and CAPE and DOT&E experts, specifically asking for their advice in every single meeting.    And I think they would tell you, as Ms. Fox said, that they felt like they were included in that process. We formalized the joint emergent operational needs and the joint urgent operational needs requirements processes and executed them both with discipline and dispatch, taking only 15 to 31 days for the whole requirements process to run its course. We worked with our CAPE partners to speed up the analysis of alternatives processing, including experimenting with doing the work ourselves rather than putting it out for contractors to do it. Whenever it was appropriate, we took a portfolio view rather than looking at capabilities in stovepipes. And we started including special access program capabilities into that process, which was very important. And while ensuring the COCOMs knew that they were welcome as members of the JROC , we also imposed discipline on their integrative priority lists to ensure they reflected capability requirements, not just requests for more capacity. During my tenure, not a single joint requirement group, in fact, working with program offices, we actually trimmed a few that made sense for the warfighter and saved money and heartburn in the process. We even instituted quarterly meetings among the requirements, acquisition, and budgeting leadership. But because there were so few issues because we think we were getting that process under control, we really never had a contentious discussion. And we were transparent. To my knowledge, we never once have turned down a request from Congress for a copy of a JROC document, which I think is important.    I don't want to monopolize the time by talking too much in detail about the provisions of the 2016 NDAA. There are some good ideas in there. You have done some good work. There may be a few that are legislating what is already working, but that is okay. I would say that we were asked to have the JROC strongly consider the service chiefs' views on the requirements process. And I am not sure where that came from, because it is kind of like the GEICO commercial: If you are at JROC, it is what you do, is consider the chiefs' views. That is why it exists.    I also support the strong service chief role in the milestone decision process. But I would flip it on its ear and say this is less about giving them something they never had, and I think this is what you intended, by the way, less about giving them something they never had than it is holding them accountable for something that they already have and could do any time they wanted. And some of them were actually good at that. I couldn't agree more with the initiatives you have to enhance rapid prototyping. It is the only way we are going to keep our competitive edge in a dynamic world. And without causing more confusion in the process, I think we need to look deeper into how we can institutionalize rapid prototyping so we don't end up with a thousand different flowers blooming, and we have a little bit of control over the process, which I think we have, but we might be able to do better. I would like to see some funds specifically set aside for and that perhaps even for the deputy secretary and the vice chairman to control those funds, because there are sometimes things that the joint world needs that the services just don't love enough to make it into their budget process. But I also would tell you that I think it would be a mistake to fund something like this with a penalty for cost overruns. For one thing, we would like to get rid of cost overruns, which would mean there would be no money for such a program. And for the other thing, I do believe it could cause some unintentional bad behaviors if you start penalizing programs for cost overruns. We want to limit those as much as we can. But you could have some odious behavior in the process of trying to do that. Absolutely agree with the legislation's emphasis on better development of acquisition professionals. I would ask that we all be cautious about adding more reporting requirements. We have enough paperwork. And I also think we need to keep a sharp eye on the testing process. I would like to make just a couple of final points.    First, I think we could grant more flexibility to the Department with full visibility to the Congress. That would help. We need a little more authority I believe for reprogramming. But, more importantly, I think we could give DOD some upfront discretionary money for starting programs, obviously, again, with strict accountability to Congress, that would dramatically speed time for the initial development of a system before an appropriation cycle catches up with it. We are going to have to have that kind of flexibility if we are going to keep up with countries that don't operate under the same model we do.    And, finally, back to who I started with, I think we should be mindful of the fact that it takes a while to see the effects of change in this business. I think Congress has made some very good improvements with the WSARA and the NDAA most recently. We have also made some very good improvements inside DOD with Better Buying Power and the like. We should take a deep, though very watchful, breath and let the good work of the past few years in reforming acquisition take effect. We have made a lot of progress. Just look at the Virginia-class submarine as an exemplar. Let's see how the new system works for us.    Once again, I want to thank you for the opportunity to be here this morning. And I do look forward to your questions. Thank you, sir.    The Chairman. Thank you.    Admiral, there is a book that suggests that if you are tackling complex problems, you ought to start with why: Why are you doing this. What is this about? And both you and Ms. Fox kind of touched on this. The testimony we have had before this committee over the last year is that probably never before in the country's history have we faced so many complex national security challenges all at the same time. While technology evolves at an increasingly rapid rate, while key competitors are making investments to deny us advantages, leading to the Third Offset and other initiatives at the Department, and, essentially, that the way the world is and the threats are moving is faster than our processes internally. So do you share that concern? Because to me, that is the why--we want to save money. You know, we also need to get enough stuff to matter, not just have a handful of items because of cost overruns, but having the agility to keep up with technological changes and adversaries that are moving much more rapidly in some cases than we can is the bottom line of the why, to me, on this acquisition. I would like, because of the position you have held, I would like to hear your views.    Admiral Winnefeld. Chairman, I am in violent agreement. I think you are absolutely spot on in that regard. We are going to have to be agile and quick without, you know, a haste-makes-waste phenomenon injecting itself. But we are going to have to be very agile here. And I think there are two--even though we are doing better by the way--I think there are two contributors to why we might not be as agile as we would like to be. One of them, candidly, is recognizing that change needs to occur in the way we approach warfighting. If somebody is going to try to deny us access to their space, we may have to try a new idea in there. And I think that is very hard for the services to do. Richard Pascale, who wrote ``Surfing on the Edge of Chaos,'' said equilibrium is the precursor to death. And, in fact, if we find ourselves in stasis in our operational concepts and we don't sort of wake up and say, ``You know, we need to change a few things,'' then it is our own fault for doing that.    And then the second piece is having the mechanisms in place so that when you do recognize change is needed, that you can make it happen quickly. And I think the Department is pushing hard for that. And Congress is pushing us to push hard for that. And that is the right thing. I just want to make sure we get a good, stable mechanism in place where we can actually make that happen in the right way. And there are a lot of--the Air Force has a terrific Rapid Capabilities Office. There is a tremendous effort going on up in the Office of the Secretary of Defense with a little group that works up there. The vice chairman has a small group who works for him in trying to rapidly generate SAP programs. We ought to just make sure that we empower those and that we keep an eye on them and do the best we can to make sure they are doing the right things.    The Chairman. Mr. Hale, Ms. Fox suggested that maybe we need a new category of acquisition because maybe we are not taking enough risks, thinking about experimentation and prototyping. I think the admiral talked about prototyping too.    Okay. You had to deal with the budget aspects of this. So what sort of challenges would we face if we thought that that was a good idea, that we needed to take some more risk in experimenting with technological--not just new technologies but their use?    Admiral Winnefeld. If I could add very, very briefly. One of the things that kept me awake at night in that regard was: Where is the idea out there that I am not hearing about that I can empower? Because Bob is right, the vice chairman and the deputy, we can make things happen. It is just: Where is that thing being suppressed where it isn't getting the voice that it should have?    The Chairman. Good point.    Ms. Fox, do you see other challenges with a new category of acquisition to encourage experimentation and prototyping like you suggested?    Admiral Winnefeld. I think colloquially the way I would describe it is that the classified programs have a lot less hair on them that has to be accounted for, fewer critics that have visibility into it that can slow a program down. Yet, they seem to be fairly successful programs most of the time, not always.    Admiral Winnefeld. Without getting into specifics, I think you could, it might make sense maybe to demand or encourage a study that does compare what are the characteristics of a classified program acquisition compared to an unclassified? And what can you bring out that is legal, doable, makes sense in the unclassified world, and what can't you bring out? Some of those things you probably couldn't do. But I think it is a worthwhile effort to examine that. Because we all have this instinct that the classified programs just work much more smoothly.    There are fewer people involved, fewer inboxes, you know, that sort of thing.    Admiral Winnefeld. And to Ms. Fox's point on failures, I mean, one of the reasons sometimes those programs are classified--it is not the only reason--is because they are so advanced. And anything that is really advanced is going to be a big challenge. So there have been challenges in those things. But there is just less bureaucracy associated with those programs.    Admiral Winnefeld. I think the chiefs are supportive, very much so, of the audit requirement, the need to be able to audit. Most of that is done by, candidly, the civilian comptroller side of the service secretariats and that sort of thing. So I don't know that the chiefs have their hands on that machinery. But my sense is that they support the need to do that. And not only because of a public accountability issue where we have to really be able to show the books, but it helped them manage their own world. I would point to the Navy, not because I am a former Navy guy, but their former vice chief, Admiral Ferguson, he would hold contractor court where he would bring in folks and really rake them over the coals to make sure that we were getting the right bang for the buck out of those contracts. And that is the sort of thing that will benefit from having much cleaner visibility into how the money is being spent. They are supportive of it, but they don't really have their hands in it.    Admiral Winnefeld. I would say that we, sir, we have built into the requirements process the, essentially, cybersecurity of programs, that they be resistant to that. I worry less about the program itself than I worry about the people who are building it and their networks candidly. I think we are making some progress in that regard to hold our cleared defense contractors accountable for the security of their networks so that we don't lose our technology to a potential adversary. But we are very mindful of the need for--and not just Internet cybersecurity, I mean, the overall security of the electronics in that platform, which could be potentially quite vulnerable. So we are paying attention to that. I presume that is continuing on after I have left. But it is a valid concern. It is a singular vulnerability that we have--it is a new vulnerability that we have to watch for.    Admiral Winnefeld. So there are probably a number of best practices to talk about. In regards to the ability to field things quickly when the warfighter needs them, we have instituted the JEONS and JUONS process. The JUONS is a joint urgent operational needs statement. I will give you a couple of examples of that. During the Ebola epidemic, Transportation Command submitted a joint urgent operational needs requirement in October of 2014. That was validated as a requirement by the JROC in October of 2014. And it was delivered in March of 2015. And that gave us the capability to transport Ebola patients safely on DOD aircraft. Another example of that would be a full motion video dissemination system that was submitted by CENTCOM in December of 2014. It was validated in January of 2015, within that 30-day window I talked about. And its initial operational capability was May of last year. And they have three systems up and running as of September of last year. So that is the urgent side.    The middle ground, which is really sort of challenging for us, is the joint emergent operational needs statement, which if something is, you don't have to have it tomorrow to protect a warfighter in something that is ongoing, but this is an imminent conflict where we really need to get something moving quickly. And we have responded to a Central Command request for real-time ID capability that was validated in November of 2014. And its initial operating capability will be this June, within this 2-year period. So I think what we are doing is we are working hard to unveil best practices as we find them and to try to accelerate things when the warfighter really needs it.    Admiral Winnefeld. First of all, it is about communication. It is about inclusion, making sure you have got the right people in the right meetings. I do think that the--if the value is represented by whether the requirement is being achieved, or you know, the distance between threshold and objective or however you want to characterize it, I think that does get carried through the process. And in fact, as the JROC, we would not just sort of hand off a requirement and wash our hands and, you know, somebody else's problem. We would get frequent briefs. For example, I got a brief every 6 months on the F-35 that was very detailed on the status of that program in front of the entire JROC and the advisors.    And so we would be able to assess whether the value was being retained as the program marks through its various, you know, progress. It is an important goal you are stating that we need to make sure we don't lose sight of that as you are focused now on manufacturability and cost and O&S and that sort of thing. But I think we are okay there. It is just something that senior leadership, as you point out, needs to keep an eye on.    Admiral Winnefeld. I just want to underscore that. And I do so in full recognition that this committee has actually tried very, very hard to get that stability into the budget that Mr. Hale talked about, both under Chairman McKeon and under Chairman Thornberry, so please keep that going.    But it would break your heart to sit in on some of these what we call DMAGs, Deputy's Management Action Groups, and look at the trades that are having to be made with these literally budget line items from year to year that are shifting around constantly because of the churn in the budget. Not having, you know, first of all, three-quarters of a years' worth of time to work because the NDAA doesn't get passed or the appropriations thing doesn't get passed until the end of year, and then only having 2 years of predictability, it just introduces incredible turbulence and churn into these programs. And we literally sit there at the table and you're moving numbers around, and you can just see the breakage about to happen in these programs. It is underestimated impact.    Admiral Winnefeld. Go Jackets.    The Chairman. Admiral, there is--I think all of you have expressed some support for affordability caps or goals. One of the concerns that I have heard is that, okay, if you start out with this affordability goal, then the military is going to dial back the requirements to fit within the affordability goal. And so what is your view about that concern, not really saying what they need but just trying to try to calibrate what they can get?    Admiral Winnefeld. It is a good question, and I would say at the front end of that process, the WSARA asked us to consider cost when we were formulating requirements. It didn't say you have to put a cost cap on. It didn't say, you know, that should be the principal and only variable when you are considering a requirement. It just said consider it.    And I think that we have taken a mature approach to that, looked at it as I think the spirit of Congress intended, and that is: Look, don't give us a gold-plated requirement that is just going to be unrealistic from the start, that is going to--doomed to failure either from a cost perspective because of the technical risk or what have you, and I think--I don't have any examples at the tip of fingers. It has been too long since I have been there.    But I do recall several times when we said, you know, we have just got to be really careful here. This technology is tight, and you know, we are going to have to maybe dial either back the timeline or the actual requirement. So--but I don't know that it ever really had a major impact on what a warfighter was looking for.    And then there is the whole process of threshold and objective that builds in a little bit of flexibility there for what--you know, a stretch goal for the requirement, you know, to try to achieve that by trying to hop across that threshold and get there successfully. The thing I worry about with program managers, who are paid to spend every last dollar getting as far as they can from the threshold to the objective, there is a knee in the curve there somewhere, and we ought to reward those folks when they come back and say, you know, I could spend 90 percent of this money just getting another 2 percent towards the objective, maybe reward them when they take a better approach than that.    The Chairman. Yeah. And I want to--go ahead, sir.    Admiral Winnefeld. You know, it might be interesting sometime, and I hope I don't put my former DOD colleagues on the spot on this, but to just have them bring maybe one slide over from one of those decision briefs that we have, to show you the kind of puts and takes that they are looking at with budget uncertainty. And, well, you know, we have option A, option B, option C, option D, and what all those little options do to crunch the program, and you know, if you have to save X amount of money, what it really does.    That might be sort of maybe for a small group, maybe for the chairman and ranking member and some staffers to just kind of walk through that process and see what people are going through.    Admiral Winnefeld. I think they are becoming more and more a service priority. I think we are on a good trajectory there. We were not several years ago, and--but I think the senior leadership within the services, particularly the Air Force and the Navy, who are most concerned with the particular programs you are talking about, have really stepped up recently. They have had some encouragement from a number of forums, the--Frank Kendall, the head of AT&L, and I co-chaired a forum on the command and control system, nuclear command and control system, that brought all the stakeholders together in a very cooperative fashion and tried to stitch things together there.    I think that Deputy Secretary Fox, when she was in power, and also Deputy Secretary Work put a lot of emphasis on that, and I personally put a lot of emphasis on this, and the service secretaries and chiefs have responded very well. They knew that this needed to happen. I think we are on a much better trajectory, I will tell you, than we were a couple of years ago in the nuclear command and control arena.    Admiral Winnefeld. First of all, it is important because it links the sensors that would detect a missile launch or other thermal event to the people who need that information, the command and control leadership, so it is a very, very important system. I am not convinced that it belongs in a nuclear command and control system. It is a space system, just like GPS is a space system.    People who are space savvy both on the technical side and the operational side probably ought to be the ones running it, and in some cases, those platforms ride on other platforms as well. I don't think there is any harm in leaving it where it is, and I think you have actually got maybe right now really good ownership of the space piece.    We have got a very good trajectory also on the space executive agent inside DOD, the Secretary of the Air Force, so I would tend to not want to tamper with that, but it is something that we have got to pay very close attention to because, you know, I always say the most vital national security interest of the United States is the survival of the Nation, and being able to detect somebody who is threatening that with a missile launch is absolutely critical, so we've got to make sure we pay close attention to it.    Admiral Winnefeld. This falls back into your first question where they are on a better trajectory, I think, than they were several years ago. They have stepped up to the plate. They realize that. I haven't been in for 6 months to look at where it actually fell out in this year's budget, so I can't make an assessment there, but I have sensed, as I was leaving, that they were strongly committed to that program, so it would be interesting to see what pops out in the budget. I lost visibility over that 6 months ago.    Admiral Winnefeld. The only tradeoff I would consider is to get one or two more minutes of warning time in that regard. We need everything we can get there. Again, the critical element of the defense of this Nation from the most catastrophic attack you can have, and I wouldn't want to trade any time. Obviously, if somebody said, ``Well, it is going to cost you a trillion dollars unless you accept this 1 minute,'' you know, there is--every man has his price, I suppose, but I really would be reluctant to consider any decrease in the amount of warning time we give the President in relation to an attack on this country.    Admiral Winnefeld. And while I am in absolute agreement with what my two colleagues have said, because those are very important, I would at least potentially open a dialogue with the Department, including AT&L and the comptroller and CAPE on: Does it make sense to provide money--discretionary money upfront to the Department so that they can accelerate development of programs once the requirement has been established so you can visualize in rough crude terms that the requirement hits the street, now we have got a budget for it, and because of our cycle process--you know, it is 1\1/2\ or 2 years before the thing really gets money. If there were a pool of money where we could actually accelerate development in that space, you might actually bring some of these programs forward significantly in time at relatively low cost, you know, just not--just eliminating that waiting game for the budget to catch up to the requirement would probably be something at least to entertain a dialogue with the Department on.    Admiral Winnefeld. And just to amplify. I think Ms. Fox would agree with me. We really are talking about two different things here. One is a pool of money for rapidly experimenting with new ideas and seeing if they bear fruit and then turning those into programs.    The other thing is maybe even a stable, fairly vanilla program that just is running through its life cycle and not having to wait that year and a half or two to get it started. It doesn't take much money to get these things going, but if you are having to wait that year and a half just pro forma because of our process, then you are losing time.