    Mr. Nadler. Thank you. I must begin by saying I am surprised to hear the attorney general of a great State confusing political statements with legal statements. All the quotes from the President are interesting in a political debate and a political discussion. They are not interesting in terms of what his powers actually are--his opinions, frankly, in a political context at all.    What is interesting, what is relevant, as the attorney general should know, as everyone here should know, are what the laws are, the precedents are, the court decisions are, not the President's or anybody else's political statement in any context.    Let me ask Professor Legomsky, we heard that the President's exercise of discretion, since it is categorical, is somehow different, and that he is establishing categories of people to whom he is giving rights that Congress hasn't chosen to give. Essentially, that is the gravamen of what we are being told, I think.    I think, rather, and please comment on this, that that is untrue. The President is exercising discretion in granting deferred action to certain people he can choose. The Supreme Court has said it. Congress has specifically said it. He can choose to do that by group, by category.    In fact, it would be difficult, I mean, if the President came out with a list and said the following 2 million people by name are granted deferred action, we would think that is sort of ridiculous, although I don't think anybody would question his authority to do that.    By doing it by category, I don't think he changes that. And please comment on the fact that he isn't invading Congress' prerogative because this deferred action can be revoked at any time, number one. It confers no permanent benefits. It has been stated repeatedly that these people get benefits. They may get a Social Security card, but my understanding is they don't get benefits.    Could you comment on those two points?    Mr. Nadler. Thank you very much.    Before my next question, I would like to simply comment on some of what has been said in the dialogue with Mr. Forbes and some others.    The decision to formally remove border-crossers rather than to return them was a strategic choice first made by President Bush in order to disincentivize future illegal entries. A formal removal creates future bars to admission.    Would you comment on that?    Mr. Nadler. Thank you.    Many of the critics of the deferred action program complain that they go beyond nonenforcement of immigration laws and instead affirmatively provide a lawful status to people who were previously in unlawful status. Is that correct?    Mr. Nadler. Still unlawful. And finally, critics of the President's action suggest that they are unprecedented and act as though these issues are entirely novel to the Federal courts.    Hasn't the Supreme Court, in fact, spoken about the extent to which the Administration has authority to exercise prosecutorial discretion in the immigration area specifically and whether granting deferred action is an appropriate form of that discretion?    Mr. Nadler. So, finally, what about what the President has done, aside from the fact of his name, perhaps his party, and the politics of immigration, is different from what previous Presidents have done?    Mr. Nadler. Thank you very much.    My time has expired.