    Ms. Fritz. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, Chairman Rohrabacher, Ranking Member Meeks, and Congressman Sires. I want to thank you for the opportunity to appear before you today, along with my colleague, Hoyt Yee, to discuss USAID's assistance and priorities in the Balkans    The mission of the U.S. Agency for International Development is to partner to end extreme poverty and promote resilient, democratic societies while advancing our security and prosperity. In the Balkans, USAID has played a key role since the breakup of Yugoslavia, helping raise standards of living and assisting countries on their path toward Euro-Atlantic integration and to becoming more tolerant, stable, and democratic societies. USAID is committed and focused on how we build on this momentum to address the serious remaining challenges as part of a coordinated U.S. Government strategy. Corruption, democratic drift, fragile economies, and uncertain domestic political climates all threaten the gains made since the Dayton Accords were signed 20 years ago.    Today, I would like to build on Deputy Assistant Secretary Hoyt Yee's updates on the five individual countries where USAID continues to work with a particular focus on how our programs have impacted some of the foreign policy priorities DAS Yee mentioned, such as preventing violent extremism, supporting governments and societies in becoming more stable and resilient to potentially detrimental external influences, and strengthening the region's economic health.    USAID's longstanding role in the Balkans and across Europe and Eurasia is to work with host countries, civil society, private sector and international partners to build the institutions of government, the economic systems, and the free civil societies that lead to democracy and prosperity. Our job is to help build the foundations of ``a Europe Whole, Free, and at Peace.''    Let me highlight a few examples of our democracy and governance activities in the region. In Bosnia and Herzegovina, USAID's assistance to Parliament staff and members has helped them to complete their legally mandated budget process which includes public debates on priorities and impact analyses, leading to more functional and accountable institutions across the entire government that better meet the needs of the citizens.    In Serbia and Kosovo, our activities have strengthened rule of law by improving the independence, transparency, efficiency and professionalism of the judiciary. Our anti-corruption assistance in Serbia has been pivotal to increasing the transparency and overall capacity of key independent agencies to execute their mandates.    In Macedonia, USAID's media program has increased the legitimacy of independent media and strengthened freedom of expression by promoting investigative journalism and establishing a media fact-checking service which has published online more than a thousand peer reviews of media articles.    In Albania, USAID is providing assistance to strengthen local government accountability, financing and services including the crafting of a fiscal decentralization framework and a critical law for the structuring of local government. In the economic sphere, USAID programs in the Balkans are bolstering entrepreneurs as well, as the laws and policies have let them thrive in stable financial systems.    We help governments to establish energy policies, to diversify supplies, and connect to European markets, increasing safe, clean power for industry and citizens.    Let me highlight a few examples of our economic growth efforts. In Bosnia, USAID's assistance and loan guarantees, particularly to small agribusinesses is helping to increase sales and exports. Our Farmer Project, for example, reported increased sales for companies assisted by USAID of 54 percent over 4 years. USAID helped the Albanian Government to achieve critical reports in the energy market, resulting in the electricity company saving $75 million last year through implementation of practical loss reduction techniques that were provided by our advisors.    USAID's critical support to Kosovo's Government to unbundle electricity distribution and supply enabled it to privatize the Kosovo Energy Corporation resulting in improved infrastructure investment, billing and collections, reducing technical and commercial losses.    In Macedonia, we are helping streamline laws and regulations for clean, renewable energy to promote more investment in the sector. We have also expanded access to finance for small and medium businesses.    In Serbia, USAID assistance was instrumental in reforming Serbia's labor law, reducing the burdens of its inspection system and is modernizing its outdated construction permitting system.    USAID is working to improve the competitiveness of the private sector, especially economically disadvantaged regions populated by ethnic minorities.    Mr. Chairman, since Dayton, the Balkan countries have made remarkable progress in the reforms needed to further integrate into Euro-Atlantic institutions and to build resilient democracies. With that said, we know that our work in this region is far from done. We recognize, as you have pointed out, that there has been political and economic stagnation in the region. The Balkan countries where USAID works, Albania, Macedonia, Kosovo, Serbia, and Bosnia and Herzegovina need continued U.S. engagement and attention.    We look forward to working with you and your colleagues in Congress to strengthen U.S. engagement and more specifically, USAID's activities in the Balkans to build on the progress that has been made to achieve our goal of a Europe, free, whole and at peace.    Thank you again and I look forward to your questions.    Ms. Fritz. Yes, I would like to add the problems of energy supply and energy issues in the region are pretty broad. They include short fall for a generation. They also include aging infrastructure. As DAS Yee mentioned, they rely on Russia for gas supply. They also have low tariffs and high subsidized energy prices, or I am sorry, highly subsidized energy prices and that also continues to hinder capital investment in the sector as well as promote inefficiencies.    USAID is supporting these countries on diversifying their energy supply by supporting infrastructure investments. We, over the last 10 years, have worked with transmission operators within the countries to highlight and outline and identify the most at-risk infrastructure and to bring World Bank and local resources to the tune of $1 billion. So we have improved the connectivity between the countries so that when you have an excess producer like Bosnia or Albania, that they can share, they can trade their energy resources with countries that don't have enough.    We also work heavily in improving energy efficiency. We do that because these systems are highly inefficient. If we can save the amount of energy that they are using, then that not only is it environmentally better, but financially it helps them as well. The example I used in my testimony was an example of Albania where we provided $300,000 worth of technical assistance and advice to help them to reduce losses in their system. They basically reaped $75 million worth of rewards from that effort.    In addition, the World Bank is putting up a loan of $150 million to Albania for energy and USAID has been asked by the Albanian Government to help them to manage those resources in the best way possible. So our assistance is helping to facilitate trade in the region, improve energy efficiency and also to address some of the infrastructure issues in the region.    Ms. Fritz. I will have to get back to you on actual figures. I do not know.    Ms. Fritz. I do know that the needs will grow as the economies do grow in the region and I can get back to you on that.    Ms. Fritz. Yes, they are.    Ms. Fritz. They have slowed. After 2008, the economy slowed and in some cases reversed.    Ms. Fritz. Well, for countries coming out of war, I think it is understandable.    Ms. Fritz. USAID is not engaged on countering Russian pressure or aggression in any way. We are a development agency, so no, sir.    Ms. Fritz. Thank you for that question, Mr. Meeks. We have continuing programs on ethnic reconciliation in all four of the former Yugoslav republics in which we are working. So, for example, in Bosnia, we have a variety of activities. We work in the schools to promote ethnic tolerance. We are working with 15 pairs of communities that were divided during the war to promote ethnic reconciliation between those communities. We worked with youth on building ethnic tolerance through sports.    In Kosovo, our effort has been a little bit different. We have focused on helping to establish the ethnically Serb majority municipalities that came out of the Ahtisaari Plan and helping Kosovo Albanians and Kosovo Serbs to work together in building those institutions.    In Macedonia, our focus has been totally related to the schools. Schools in Macedonia are mostly mono-ethnic, meaning that ethnic Macedonian children are in one school, ethnic Albanian kids are in another. So our efforts have been connecting over 260 mono-ethnic schools with one another so that kids have a chance to know kids from other ethnicities. We partnered with the Department of Defense on that project where we have renovated over 40 schools and have worked also with the Macedonian Government which has put up almost $800,000 to also renovate the schools. And local communities, local municipalities have also put up on average 30 percent toward the cost of those projects. This effort has impacted more than 20,000 kids in Macedonia.    And then in Serbia, our efforts have been a little bit different. We focus on economic development in the southern part of Serbia, so in south Serbia where ethnic Albanians live, and in Sanjak where ethnic Bosniaks live, to build economic development and build ties between the central government and these disadvantaged regions. So we have different approaches in each country. It remains front and center of our concerns and our programming because of the scars from the war.