    Mr. Hurd. Thank you, Chairman. Ambassador Wallace, good to see you again. It's been a while since we served together in New York City. One of my first questions to you, sir, you mentioned the individual that had opened and closed a hundred accounts on Twitter by a different name. What are you proposing that Twitter do about it?    Mr. Hurd. But them taking it down, isn't that a success?    Mr. Hurd. So when your organization gets this kind of information, do you share it directly with Twitter? Do you share it with Department of Homeland Security? Do you share it with the FBI? Who do you share it with?    Mr. Hurd. And earlier, I just want to make sure I'm clear. Were you intimating that social media companies are providing material support to terrorists?    Mr. Hurd. So when I was chasing al Qaeda in Pakistan and Afghanistan in the back alleys, they would do things called night letters. They would write a letter, leave it on a doorstep. Were we intimating that the companies that produce pens and pencils and paper are providing material support to terrorists?    Mr. Hurd. I would say that providing an account on a social media site is not material support. I don't think that's anywhere close to material support, and if these organizations are not providing taking these things down, they are working closely with the Department of Homeland Security, so, you know, I have to echo the concerns of the gentleman from California about talking about, you know, yes, it's good to have a conversation about legitimate speech, but I think we also need to be careful. You're not a law enforcement organization. You're not an intelligence organization. The information that you're getting is valuable and should be shared, but saying that that's the only game in town is a little scary.    Changing gears, there is a Professor visiting from Spain at GW, Dr. Javier Lesaca, who has done some very interesting work on analyzing the social media campaigns of ISIS. They do four campaigns a day. They are promoting it in about 49 different languages. My question is, who's out there that is countering this ideology? And Ambassador, I think it was you. Actually it was, Mr. Gartenstein-Ross. You mentioned about some of these failures of ISIS. They talk about we have this great functioning land. Well, it's not really that much. They encourage young men to come to ISIS to fight the infidel, but you're more likely to get a bomb dropped on your head or a bullet in your chest than you are to find excitement in Syria.    This is not just for the Federal Government to get that message out. It's going to be organizations. It's going to be our Sunni Arab partners in the region. Who is out there actually countering that narrative and getting that message out?    Mr. Hurd. Excellent. Thank you, sir. I apologize for going over time, Chairman. I yield back.