    Mr. DUFF. Good morning, Chairman Kelly, Ranking Member Chu, and members of the Subcommittee. Thank you for the invitation to provide testimony today on the important issue of strengthening the nation's small businesses.    My name is Jason Duff, founder and CEO of Bellefontaine Ohio Properties. I am a third-generation family business owner and have founded several companies of my own. I started my first business when I was 8 years old, selling candy bars. In my earlier years, I have also sold custom greeting cards, made-to-fit shoes, stamps, coins, and even Beanie Babies.    Bellefontaine Ohio Properties purchases and remodels storefront buildings on Main Street. We attract, recruit, and start new businesses in our community. To date, I have purchased and renovated 14 different historic buildings in our downtown. My passion is to build and grow smart, vibrant, and entrepreneurial communities. Bellefontaine Ohio now has a multitude of diverse stores and businesses due to the revitalization efforts. These businesses are a gourmet pizza shop, baker, hair salon, CrossFit gym, several new antique stores, and a brew pub. All of these have helped create our downtown having life and vibrancy. Construction has also begun at eight new loft apartments on the second story of our buildings.    Bellefontaine is an area that other communities are taking notice of in terms of our approaches and best practices to restoration. I am proud to say that our work in Bellefontaine has all been accomplished in the past 4 years.    While growing assets on our balance sheet is important, I find that our greatest asset in my company is our employees, so recruiting and hiring talented employees is a very important piece of our success. On this front, I must compete with businesses of all sizes to find talented employees I need to operate effectively and productively. I am committed to building a team of people who love their community and allow my employees flex time to run and serve in public office, volunteer with local service organizations, like Rotary and Kiwanis, and have the time they need to successfully raise their families. Providing employees with key benefits, like workplace flexibility truly make us and other small businesses an employer of choice.    Small businesses play a crucial role in the vitality of job growth in a local community like Bellefontaine. When we are healthy and growing, we are providing consistent quality and skilled job opportunities. When we invest and renovate a commercial storefront, for example, we hire local carpenters, plumbers, and electricians. Many of our renovation projects have contributed to the direct job growth in local trades. We also work with these local companies in purchasing cabinetry, flooring, and light fixtures. These investments in hiring local businesses equate to new tax dollars that benefit our municipalities, our schools, and our service organizations.    As you are aware, the key tax measure, like enhanced section 179 expensing and bonus depreciation that are part of the tax extenders have expired and were only made retroactive very late in 2014 for that year. For 2015, businesses like mine have been planning and operating under the outdated section 179 expensing level of $25,000.    The uncertainty of bonus depreciation also affects my investment decisions. Bonus depreciation is a benefit that has influenced smart decisions for my business. I have purchased new equipment versus used equipment because of bonus depreciation, and that new equipment is more efficient, reliable, and cost effective in the long term. I believe that these investment incentives are making a positive impact in keeping small businesses competitive. With a stable and enhanced 179 provision and certainty on bonus depreciation, I am able to invest more capital in projects. Again, these projects start new small businesses that in turn provide valuable contributions to my community. These new businesses create jobs, increase property values, and grow local revenues.    Here is my basic advice for government work to work better and smarter for small business owners and encourage entrepreneurship. Make permanent the incentives, making permanent the most robust levels of the section 179 expensing, as well as bonus depreciation, will provide small businesses with practical and needed tools to grow, invest, and work harder. The type of stability and certainty is critically important. Make the tax code simpler. Simplifying the tax code would reduce complexity and costs for entrepreneurs. The more time and money we have to invest in our businesses, the stronger enterprises will become. Be clear, provide clarity to small business owners. Give us an opportunity to know and understand the rules so that we can plan and play by them for the future. Provide clear instruction so we can focus on the growth of our businesses and invest with confidence and make a long-term commitment. Businesses forecast and plan far into the future. A smart tax code would mirror effective business planning. Investment thrives when it is encouraged when there is certainty.    Thank you for the opportunity to share my experiences and my views with you today. It is truly an honor to be able to do so, and I look forward to your questions in discussion.    Mr. DUFF. Entrepreneurs inherently are risk-takers. They are people that believe or have ideas, and they want to go out to the marketplace and try to solve that problem. But as regulations increase, as things become more confusing and difficult to understand, their ability to stomach that risk is challenged, and at some point I see in my work on Main Street some people just throw their hands up and give up. I believe by us working to make some of these provisions permanent, specifically the section 179 deduction, it gives businesses that certainty so they can plan and they can speak and inspire other entrepreneurs to take a leadership role in opening new businesses.    Mr. DUFF. When we pass laws that retroactively impact the previous year in such a short timeframe, it makes it very difficult to be able to plan and make intelligent decisions. The work that we do in purchasing buildings that have been vacant for 30 years, and recruiting new businesses to occupy and fill them, there is a lot of equipment and needs that need to be purchased, but there is a lot of planning that has to happen. So making sure that we provide provisions that are clear and give us a runway to plan throughout the future would help relieve some of those problems.    Mr. DUFF. Thank you. The work that I do in purchasing vacant buildings and reinvesting and recruiting new businesses to occupy them, it is very capital-intensive for the types of equipment that we have to purchase. So the section 179 provisions are extremely essential for us to continue to purchase and buy additional equipment, and the same goes with having access to bonus depreciation. Those monies keep more working capital in our business so we can actually grow our footprint in making a larger impact in our community.    Mr. DUFF. We have empty buildings in our community that people do want to take risks. They want to invest in them, but they are uncertain. You know, there are enough uncertainties in the world and the tax consequence of knowing if this is a smart move or not is causing them to not move forward with taking that risk.    Mr. DUFF. I grew up in a small town in a rural community, so I understand that a lot of--agriculture is a big thing in the middle of Ohio, and for farm families, being able to invest and purchase a combine or tractor may be the largest expense that they make. By having certainty and knowing when you are making that investment, that large piece of equipment, you will be able to grow that family business and maybe extend that or pass that on to siblings and see multi-generations of hard work actually pay off. And I think that is the American dream, and these tax credits help people achieve that.