    Mr. Womack. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Womack. Thank you, Mr. Secretary, General Dunford. Always great to see you.    Mr. Secretary, I am a big picture guy, and, obviously, it is obvious with your third offset strategy you are a big picture guy. I truly appreciate that.    There is another big picture view that is stark reality, and everybody on this dais knows it, we talk about it a lot, and that is the trajectory of the Federal budget and the squeeze that is happening as a result of the growth in the mandatory programs and the fewer and fewer dollars there seem to be for discretionary programs, including the defense of our country. It is alarming to me, and we don't have an answer for that.    That said, as a result of sequestration and the Budget Control Act, we have lost a lot of what I believe is readiness capability because of a very difficult, constrained resource environment. And it looks like that we are going to be trying to buy back some of that readiness now and deferring some of our other obligations to the future, which this Congress is pretty good at. I hate to see the Department of Defense having to do the same, but that is the reality of the constrained resource environment that we happen to be in.    So I am just going to throw that out on the table as a concern from this Member of Congress and ask you to comment and give us the reality of what is happening in the Pentagon and how we are having to push a lot of very vital procurement needs to the future to be able to buy back some of this readiness that has been lost to date.    Mr. Womack. Appreciate the service of these gentlemen. And I yield back my time.    Mr. Womack. Yeah. One real quick follow-up. Back to ERI for just a moment and the rotational brigades, and kind of a plug for the Reserve component, since my chairman brought that up just a minute ago. Rotational brigades, I think ideal for Reserve component formations. It does a lot of things. I won't go into all those here.    State Partnership Programs, particularly with host nation support, the relationships that are forged there become combat multipliers for us if necessary. So I just put in a plug for that. I have gotten to know General Hodges pretty well, and what a remarkable person to be able to make 30,000 look like 300,000 on a given day, and I know he relies heavily on these State Partnership Programs for that too. So I just kind of throw that out there and ask for your continued support in that regard.    Mr. Womack. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Once again, like the rest of my colleagues, Secretary Mabus, I really appreciate the work that you put into your time there as Secretary over these number of years. I am sure you are not going to miss looking at this group beyond this hearing, but, again, thanks for your long-standing service.    To General Neller and to the Admiral, welcome. And, Admiral, to you personally, thank you for the wonderful breakfast that we shared at your home at the Navy yard recently. It was a delightful morning, enjoyed meeting your wife and had a great meal. I particularly liked the way the chef did the onions in that particular offering. That is kind of some inside humor.    Mr. Womack. I say that as I say inside humor there.    And to my chairman, I would like to thank him for the encouragement to do some travel and have some interaction with our military counterparts. So to my chairman, I would like to thank you for that.    I have had the unique privilege of being able to do two demonstration and shakedowns, one in the Atlantic and one in the Pacific, aboard the West Virginia and now aboard the Kentucky. And it is along that Ohio replacement that I want to ask my question. I am kind of a capabilities person. I know that in constrained budget times, we have to look very closely at our capability, particularly in some of the areas where we have proliferating threats.    So help me understand the technological advantage that we presently have. And if you look across the future years defense program, what we call the FYDP, where you see the potential for parity to begin to enter the equation if it hasn't already with some of our adversaries?    Mr. Womack. I know I am out of time. I would like a quick comment. I realize the security level that we are here, the classification level, I know we can only talk generally about it, but specifically, my question is, where do we see threat, U.S. parity on a key platform?    Mr. Womack. Thank you, Admiral.    Mr. Chairman, I would say this as I yield back my time, a great enemy of pace is sequestration, as I think everybody around this dais understands and we have got to find a solution. I yield back.    Mr. Womack. Two quick questions. One is a follow-up to Ander's question about Super Hornets. There were two in the 2017 request, and I think there were 14 out in the 2018 request. Is there a capability gap in that timeframe at all?    Mr. Womack. I understand. And real quickly, we haven't talked about military pay and compensation. The budget request, 1.6 increase, I think a half a point below ECI. Are we sending a message to our men and women in uniform, and what would that message be?    Mr. Womack. Thank you so much, Mr. Chairman. And I appreciate my friend Mr. Carter for giving me the opportunity to do that so Mr. Cole can make it.    First of all, to our witnesses here today, thanks. Thanks for everything you do. It has been a source of great personal pride for me to have a relationship with both of these two persons, who have both visited my district. And I am eternally grateful for what you represent, how you represent us, and what you represent in uniform.    And I would just say this. I have had an opportunity, the unique opportunity, to be around our services in a very unique way, and I have to tell you, Mr. Chairman, as far as Reserve component integration goes, nobody does it better than the Air Force. And that is a leadership-driven exercise. And I am really grateful for that.    I want to confine my questions to ISR. General Welsh, you just gave a pretty good synopsis of where we are in that capability. And, Madam Secretary, you talked about it in your remarks.    The Air Force fiscal year 2017 request includes funding to sustain the MQ-1 and MQ-9 medium-altitude permissive ISR capability with 60 remotely piloted aircraft combat lines to support combatant commander needs.    So here is my question. Based on this surging demand that you have already articulated, we know that you are increasing RPA support unit capacity stateside, and do you expect the RPA enterprise to continue to grow into the out-years? And what concerns does that present for our country and certainly for our Air Force?    I would also like to--I am going to put a couple of questions on your plate here, and then I will yield.    As demand for ISR has grown quickly, the capacity has yet to keep up. And, understanding our budgetary constraints, when do you expect our capacity to catch up with demand? Now, that does require to have a bit of a crystal ball out there in terms of future conflicts, but I think you get the idea there.    And with the ever-increasing need for more, coupled with units like the 188th in my district that support this growth, do you see the need for more stateside basing of similar units in the total force?    And I had some others, but I know I will run out of time. I want to give you an opportunity to respond to those particular questions because they are going to be increasingly important to the fight.    Mr. Womack. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Great to see my friend acting Secretary Murphy. Worked with him on some other matters. And great to see you here and appreciate your service.    General Milley, always great to see you.    And let me just begin by saying, as I have noted previously, the understanding of the jointness between our Army team, that being the Army, the Reserves, and the National Guard, I think you have got a great handle on that, and I also appreciate that line of thinking on the State Partnership Program. Obviously, I am a huge fan. And while it is important that they are helping us develop relationships in other countries, very important countries, let's not forget also that the skill sets that are being improved by having our National Guard and reservists on duty in a lot of different key skill sets is pretty important too. And so I am grateful for that.    I think Ms. Granger, before I came in, had already started the discussion. But it has been recently reported you have included several recommendations from the Commission in your unfunded priorities list. Can you give us an idea which Commission recommendations are included in the unfunded priorities list?    General Milley. We--I shouldn't say ``we.'' I have submitted the UFR list up through the Mr. Chairman and the Secretary of Defense, and they are having an opportunity to review that right now. But your higher dollar cost items that are referred to in the Commission, specifically the aviation initiative. The aviation initiatives that are being recommended we think are sound and solid and make good strategic sense and operational sense. But they are very expensive to execute. So we will be hard-pressed to execute those initiatives in full without additional moneys. And so we put that into the UFR. That is the biggest one.    Mr. Womack. There were--I can't remember how many--recommendations. You have already indicated that there are several that are really good recommendations that are being massaged. But I think you said the number 13 that are too costly that--or bad ideas. I don't know.    General Milley. There is a couple that--Congressman, there is a couple that I think my recommendation to the Secretary of the Army is that there is a couple of them that are probably not worthy of further pursuit. One of them is the deactivation of an Infantry Brigade Combat Team that is in there as a means of paying for the aviation. I don't think that is a good tradeoff. I think that is a bad tradeoff. If you look at what capabilities are being demanded by combatant commanders today, and that is not including some contingency and career with Russia or some other country. Just today, an Infantry Brigade Combat Team is one of the last things I would want to get rid of. As a matter of principle, when it comes to force structure, to me, the very last thing you want to give up is your foxhole strength, given it is your tooth-to-tail ratio. So your infantry, your armor, your combat aviation, your combat engineers, Special Forces: these are the units that are out there closing with and destroying the enemy. They are doing the core, the c-o-r-e, tasks of an army. That is the last capability that I want to give up. If I have nothing else in the Army, that is what I want. If you don't have infantry, artillery, armor, attack helicopters, Special Forces, then you don't have an army. We can have all this other stuff, but if you don't have that, you don't have an army. So the very last thing is my strong recommendation to the Secretary of Army and Secretary of Defense, the last thing to give up are combat organizations. And we have got to look hard at scrubbing the books and making some really difficult tradeoffs. But that is one of them, which was that recommendation about deactivating an IBC. I don't think that is a worthy idea and shouldn't be pursued any further.    Mr. Womack. And I just want to give the acting Secretary an opportunity to throw in on that subject if he would prefer.    Mr. Womack. You are probably going to trademark that now.    Mr. Womack. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And for the record, let me just say that the question about the RTI came from the distinguished gentleman to my right, Mr. Carter, and not from me, a former RTI commander.    And I would just--you know, if you will indulge me just a minute, General Kadavy made a great response, but RTIs add a lot of value, because we are able to take a very important component of the unit status report he was just talking about, MOS qualification, and be able to dramatically change those percentages, which is a fundamental component of whether a unit is ready to mobilize in support of our country.    And in the case of the 233rd down in Arkansas, we had reclassification programs for the field artillery, for the infantry. And, General Grass, you will remember, we stood up a signal component, 25 series, for Fort Gordon to answer the needs of a lot of our Active component in the signal arena.    So the RTIs are very, very nimble and extremely qualified in producing the warfighter specialty qualifications that go into their overall readiness, in addition to the officers that are coming out of the OCS program. So I am a big fan of it, not just because I had a relationship with it but because they do a terrific job.    On another subject--and I am going to talk about State partnership for just a minute. This whole committee understands the importance, I think, of being able to put National Guard and Reserve component soldiers in key places around the globe to build goodwill, to enhance training opportunities, and to, in a reciprocal basis, be able to introduce our forces and their forces for joint activities.    And you were telling me a story, General Grass, the other day, about Moldova, and I want you to just go over that real quickly to illustrate how much value we get and the logistical efficiency that takes place when we do one of these reciprocating-type events. So could you explain that one real quickly?    General Grass. Yes, Congressman.    We worked very closely--in the case of Moldova, that has a partnership with North Carolina. General Ben Hodges, you know, the commander, Army commander in Europe, wants to engage more. And you can think about where Moldova is and the people and their attitude to what is happening to their east.    And so, with the partnership, we took soldiers, took a unit out of North Carolina for their annual training period, put them on a C-17. They flew to Moldova; they are training there for 2 weeks. The same C-17 that took them over picked up a mortar platoon from the Moldovan force, brought them back to North Carolina. In fact, they are just finishing up right now. And then they trained with the U.S. forces in primarily North Carolina. At the end, we just did the same rotation back and forth.    You know, the interoperability that we are building with that mortar platoon, especially in that critical part of the world, and the experiences our men and women from North Carolina are getting there and the theater, campaign, the theater security cooperation that is going on right there for General Hodges, as well as General Breedlove, it is a small event, but it is big in today's world.    Mr. Womack. So, General Grass, if you were given an opportunity to expand the SPP program, where would you take it? And what can this committee do to help the National Guard expand it?    General Grass. Congressman, you know, this year's budget right now is sitting at about $9.8 million overhead. Because, as I just explained, that training event, we used some combatant commander dollars, we used some of our training dollars once we build the association, but there is an overhead of having a bilateral affairs officer in that country from the U.S. to work that. There is an overhead for an adjutant general to do his visits or her visits and to link up with their partner.    So, in order to go beyond the 76 countries we have right now, we really need about $16 million to $20 million a year to support our overall program. Again, we are sitting at about $9.8 million for 2017.    Again, this committee was very helpful in getting us money for 2016, which will allow us to expand at least one more partnership this year in the Pacific. And, again, I met with the SOUTHCOM commander, and I know there is a lot of interest right now in adding another country in South America, as well.    But without the additional overhead, at some point we will have to either stop adding partnerships or reduce the overall engagement. And the combatant commanders have told me they don't want to reduce the overall engagement today.    Mr. Womack. Suffice it to say, Mr. Chairman, our State Partnership Programs are a subject matter that is covered by every single member up here that has these associations everywhere we travel, including recently to South America.    I yield to the gentleman from Indiana. Yes, sir.    Mr. Womack. I will have other questions, but I will yield back for right now.    Mr. Womack. Thank you again, Mr. Chairman.    In the brief time that I have remaining, I just want to offer my sincere congratulations and admiration to General Grass for his longstanding service to the National Guard of this country, and certainly as the Chief of the National Guard Bureau and a member of the Joint Chiefs.    And, General Grass, and to your wife Pat, thank you so much for your service to our country. It has been a real honor to be around you here during these hearings. And I want to thank you.    And I would be remiss if I didn't acknowledge Jeff Talley too. What a tremendous representative of the Army Reserve you have been. And I wish you very well in your future. And it has been a great honor serving with you here as well too. So thank you so much.    For these other two guys, they are probably going to hang around a little longer, and they will get our wrath a little bit more.    Couple of real quick questions, Mr. Chairman, if you don't mind.    First of all, ISR and the Reserve Component, our committee has heard so much from our Army and Air Force guys about the need for more ISR. Just can't get enough ISR. So I throw that out on the table for you--and, General Neal, you may want to take the lead on this--about the capacity for our Reserve Component forces. And I have some in my district, as a matter of disclosure, that are training toward that mission set. So explain to me where we are and what more we can do.    General Neal. Well, for ISR, of course, that is a broad spectrum, Congressman. But when we will talk about remotely piloted aircraft, I think everybody kind of understands that is basic ISR. But right now the Air Force has agreed to do 60 lines, 60 combat lines of flying around the world in support of the combatant commanders. And out of those 60 lines, the Air National Guard is doing 14. As you know, we are doing one out of Fort Smith. And that is a surge. And to do anything in surge or do anything of that magnitude it takes people, it takes equipment, and it takes training. And it doesn't just take training day-to-day, it takes the initial pipeline training.    We have the ability to expand beyond that. In other words, we have the main documents built. We have in theory the ability to go beyond that at our soon-to-be 12 RPA fully qualified or fully established RPA units. But to do that we need a bigger pipeline for the Active Duty. So Active Duty has to grow and get their formal training schools or initial training schools better. We have to grow in manpower to fill out all the organizations. And then, quite frankly, we need the money to be able to pay everybody.    Mr. Womack. The last question I have, also kind of relative to the Air Force, very relative to the Air Force, is my understanding is the airlines have an enormous need for new pilots. That has to have an impact on big Air Force. And so help me understand the cascading effect of what the airlines are doing and how it affects our men in blue suits.    General Neal. Congressman, that is a concern for the Air Force and a concern for us. I think the concerns are slightly different. The Air Force either has a pilot or doesn't have a pilot. So it does not have an airline pilot, it has a military pilot. We have military pilots and we have airline pilots.    So for them, their concern is retaining them. And if you follow the papers or you look at the pay scales, they are pretty high right now in the airlines. I mean, airlines are making billions of dollars right now. So their concern is retaining pilots.    We still get some people coming out of the Air Force. Our biggest concern is, at least mine, and I may be optimistic, is not retaining pilots, it is retaining the full-time pilots. We just don't pay enough to retain. Like technicians. We talked about technicians earlier, Congressman, and they don't make enough compared to the airlines. So my problem is full-time pilots.    We are working with the airlines, the Air Force is working with the airlines to see if we can have some kind of program that allows them to maybe do a short term of full-time stuff and the rest of the year maybe in the airlines. So the airlines are very open to working with us in the military, but I am optimistic that we will always be able to recruit and retain traditional drill status Guardsman pilots in the Air Guard. But the full time is a challenge.    Mr. Womack. One more 30-second question, if you don't mind, Mr. Chairman.    On that Title 5 swap we were talking about a minute ago with my friend from Indiana, in the workup to the NDAA, General Grass, were you guys consulted on the 20 percent moving over to--the flip that took place? Because it seems to me, and memory is little bit fuzzy here, that that kind of happened. It was written into the bill, became the law, and without a lot of input. So help me understand how that unfolded.    General Grass. Congressman, over the years there have been a number of questions brought up about this force. But I was not consulted before the NDAA was published.    Mr. Womack. That is regretful.    I yield back.