    Mr. Loudermilk. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    To the witnesses here today, I appreciate you being here. I don't know that when in my lifetime, I have been more concerned about the internal security of America, not just from our safety and security, but our economic security and on several fronts for different reasons.    One of the things that I know that has been spoken about here and at other times is the threat of ISIS as not only being what I understand the most well-funded, the best organized terrorist organization possibly in the history, but also their ability to effectively use the internet and social media.    There is one thing to use social media, but those of us engaged in politics, we spend a lot of time studying the effective use of social media. How do you come up and stand out amongst billions of users across the world? It appears that ISIS is doing a very good job. They are effectively marketing to our youth, which is specially concerning to me, especially those that are vulnerable, those are--feel disenfranchised and even using video games, as you have mentioned.    So what are we doing--are we working with internet providers, social media providers to help combat the use of the internet and social media to spread their radical Islamic idealism that I think is a threat to the future? Are we working with those companies, and are they participating?    Mr. Loudermilk. Well, obviously, the dominant players in social media are American companies. Have they been receptive to work with you? Have you found them to be cooperative?    Mr. Loudermilk. Okay. Thank you. I only have a few seconds left, but just wanted to say that when I was in the military, one of the things that we got to was the basic ideology behind an enemy. That is how you formed a strategy for a long-term defeat. My concern is that we are not properly identifying this as radical Islamic extremists to have a long-term fight, a strategy against the ideology. Typically, on the battlefield, most soldiers have a survival instinct that we know that when it comes down to it, they do want to live. In this case, this ideology is that death is a reward.    So I would just emphasize the importance, as Ronald Reagan understood, understanding the ideology of extremism. If we are going to--if we don't, we will find ourselves responding instead of having a long-term strategy.    With that, Mr. Chairman, I yield back.