    Mr. Karlan. Thank you. Thank you, Chairman Huizenga, and Ranking Member Moore, for hosting this hearing, and giving me the opportunity to provide this testimony. The charge that I took here is to talk about evaluation at the multilateral development banks, which is a critical issue to improve the return on investment that we get as taxpayers from our investments in the multilateral development banks.    So, in the coming decades, most of the poor are going to live in fragile and economically deprived states. And this makes it even more important for U.S. interests and leadership to address issues of extreme poverty. But I want to be clear: we are not going to end extreme poverty. That shouldn't be the aspiration. We can do a lot to fight it, and a lot to reduce it, but ending it is not actually a realistic goal.    What is important is that we can make major inroads if we do it well, and if we are surgical about what we can do.    It is also important to realize that we have made huge progress. This is not--we have made tremendous progress in the past few decades in fighting poverty around the world, but more can be done. So, I want to focus on three areas where we can help the MDBs do better, and with that, we can do better.    The first is through generating rigorous research on what works in development. Like I said, this is something the MDBs already do some work on, but we could do more to encourage that kind of research.    The second is that we can do more to build stronger links within the MDBs, between those who are doing the research within the MDBs, the research groups, and the policy, so that the knowledge that is acquired from the research that is done can actually get into the policies of the people on the ground, doing--setting--working with countries on the specific programs.    The third, and this is in some sense the most important, is to think about the MDBs as a global public good of knowledge, that what they are doing is they are creating knowledge that the world can use. They use it internally, yes, but even better, other countries can use it for setting their policy. The United States can use it, we can see benefits to the USAID, Millennium Challenge Corporation, and how they set policy based on knowledge created at the MDBs.    My written testimony details five different examples of exactly that process having taken place. But five is not too many, and we should have a lot more.    There are two things I want to note about what I have just said. One is that the MDBs are doing the three things I just said. They just need to do more of it, and we can help them do more. So, I am not--these are not completely brand new ideas, right?    The second is that I would like to think that this is something that can get bipartisan support, right? If someone is skeptical of aid, there is nothing better than rigorous research to help understand what is not working, so that those things can stop, and the other things can happen.    If you are someone who is an enthusiast for aid on a particular policy, there is nothing better than rigorous research to help further that. The nice thing is that there is a clear winner in all that, and it is the U.S. taxpayer. If we have better knowledge on what is actually working, we get more leverage for our money, and higher return on investment.    Let me share a specific example of this from my own work, and work that was done collaboratively with the Consultative Group to Assist the Poor (CGAP), which is housed at the World Bank. So, it started--one way of thinking about is it starts with microcredit, which is a set of programs around the world that have been very, very popular. And they had an initial promise of reaching the poorest of the poor to raise average income.    We have now seen eight randomized trials done of microcredit, some done by the multilateral development banks, some by me and others. And they found important benefits, things that are really helping people, but are not achieving the two things they set out to do: they are not reaching the poorest; and they are not increasing average income. They are good, and we should help markets make those things work.    Instead, when CGAP came to me, along with the Ford Foundation, and they had a particular program that they had seen work, and they wanted to know--let's test this in six other locations. So, it was an integrated program that was a grant program, and instead of lending money, it provided a grant for goats. It provided healthcare, access to savings, and training and coaching.    And the basic idea here was that the problem with being poor is not any one thing; if it was that simple we probably would have solved it long ago. To do lots of things at once, there is a big push at the household level. It is actually very successful.    And, now we are seeing that the knowledge from that, we published this paper in, ``Science,'' and now we are seeing it in the hands of, with the help of the group from the World Bank, as well as others, get into scale-up mode. We are seeing it scaled up in India, Pakistan, Ethiopia, and Ghana already.    So to conclude, I want to lay out two basic ideas from this that are kind of broad policy points. The first is to think about evaluation at the MDBs as a portfolio. It is not right to take any one approach. I have just told you a lot about randomized trials, but the last thing in the world you want to do is encourage everything to have a randomized trial. That would be an awful overinvestment in a lot of inappropriate research being done.    So, we should think about the two basic purposes you want. One is accountability. Did an organization do what they said they would do? And the other is research, which helps us learn about whether they achieved what they said what they would achieve.    The second point to leave you with is to think about the global public good created through this research, the knowledge spill-overs, the benefits we get to MCC, USAID. And frankly, also issues that this committee faces in America on things like the underbanked and the unbanked. A lot of research has been done at the Millennium Development Banks that actually speaks quite well to issues we face here in America as well.    Thank you.    Mr. Karlan. No, I would say there is--and I think, actually, that part of what we were saying is that we agree very much that there is tremendous value in the knowledge that is generated out of those types of research examples.    My point was that there is just a--I gave a few examples of which you named one, and I think we can do a lot more. And, in that sense, what Professor Ravallion was talking about was the same basic idea: how do we get that knowledge actually into the hands of the policymakers.    Mr. Karlan. And linking it more tightly with loans, for instance, so that we very proactively think about our value added in the MDBs is--I shouldn't say our, I mean, I am not there. But is by not just making loans, but bringing knowledge to the world.    Mr. Karlan. No, I think there isn't, actually. It goes a little bit to what was referred to earlier, there is a lot of work on the unbanked and the underbanked in America. And this is actually a perfect--not to say that it is right--segue in the sense that some of that research that actually should influence U.S. policy was done by MDBs.    But that link wasn't made. I think there are people trying to make it. I am trying. Others are trying. It is not to say there is no effort, but that is exactly where the research--    Mr. Karlan. I think there are two basic thoughts here. One is that there is--what I think to Professor Ravallion's points that I completely agree with is that the knowledge, the private sector is not going to provide the knowledge, and that knowledge is a great public good that the MDBs can provide.    Mr. Karlan. And that is knowledge at micro as well as macro kind of--    Mr. Karlan. The private sector is not going to do that because it costs too much money relative to the profit that they will make as an individual firm. The society as a whole benefits, and so it is worth it for society to do it, but for any one firm, the money is just not there. It is just not that valuable for any one particular firm.    On the micro side, the second thought is that one of the striking things with the microcredit industry is it started off as a subsidized program around the world. And, basically, people learned that actually this can be done in a profitable way, and make people's lives better off. It just isn't solving some of the issues that it set out to solve initially.    So, I think one of the things we can do here is let markets work with--regarding microcredit. Do some things, there are some regulations that are needed to help make it work well. But let the markets work for that.    But meanwhile, let's not forget the original goal that we set out with, which was alleviating poverty and increasing income for the world's poorest, and for that microcredit is not doing that, and we need to address some other--look for other paths to do that. And that--some of those things do actually require a subsidy. There is not a market solution for some issues.    Mr. Karlan. So, first of all, I do think they are serving U.S. interests well. They can just do better. And I think--    Mr. Karlan. Basically, by drawing tighter links between knowledge and policy. By making it so that others can use that knowledge that they are creating more, and that, internally, to the multilateral development banks. That it is kind of like the way Professor Ravallion described: it is not just--the banks are not just going out and making a loan to another country. But bring with that loan knowledge about how to set policy, and help that country learn themselves in their context what is working best.    Mr. Karlan. Well, there we go. Not sure, you know--    Mr. Karlan. Any what spots?    Mr. Karlan. Blind spots. So I think what we have seen is a dramatic increase in the past 10 years, 10, 15 years, in doing careful randomized trials of micro level policies. So, not the kind of macro structural types of issues, and there are a lot of other issues out there that the World Bank has also been working on. But we have seen a huge increase in micro level studies that help understand did this particular policy actually change outcomes for a set of people.    It kind of goes to the question you asked, how do we attribute the global changes in poverty and it is saying, no, no, that is--for exactly the reason Dr. Ravallion said, it is very difficult to actually establish attribution, or what caused poverty to drop in Ghana.    But what is possible to do is say this particular policy over here, what effect did it have in this context? And, so, this is one of the areas that the MDBs have made massive inroads in, in the past 15 years, doing that kind of research. And it--you would basically think about it as kind of a three prong attack.    It is, first, establish causality, establish that in this context this micro policy had this impact. Second, is have some understanding as to why it worked. And, third, is to then replicate and test this elsewhere, and see how do you take this lesson from that context and bring it somewhere else, bring it to another country, et cetera. And that is the knowledge spillover that we keep talking about that is essential, is to make sure that you have kind of thought through those things.    But this is about micro level policy, and I just want to be clear what I am talking about. That is not going to be--you don't use that tool to answer the question why has poverty dropped around the world.    Mr. Karlan. So, I have a thought from afar.    Mr. Karlan. It is not like I have dealt with that directly, but the thought would be if the loans that are being offered by the MDBs are actually attached to better information about how to implement better policy, that would be a good way of winning. And if there was some sort of competition between development banks.    But realistically, I don't see that kind of directly hands-on. So, it is not like I have been at the table, where I have experienced this kind of competition to be able to speak--    Mr. Karlan. --too well.    Mr. Karlan. So, I think--that I go back to kind of Dr. Ravallion's answer, which is that would require longer than a 700-page book, to really get at very, very specific things. And the reality is that there is no generalized answer to that question.    There are guiding principles that we have seen consistently happen over and over again. But I think the most important thing is to put in place a process of learning, so that in a particular context you can use information from elsewhere, but if you have a process of learning in that context what then works, you can then learn better how to implement policy.    So, there are some general guiding principles we have seen, take--the example of the study that I referred to that worked with the ultra-poor. A guiding principle there was very simple, which is it wasn't any one thing that was a problem.    And so policies which just go and try to tackle one thing at a time, we are having issues. And they weren't achieving their goals. But an integrated package was. And this does speak to an important theoretical idea that there is interlinking--    Mr. Karlan. Great question, and I can send you some papers. There has been work on it. It is much newer, I would say, but it is one of the--and I am not--I can't, like, in this time, go into all the details, but there are a lot of market failures that do exist there, and just as you said, there are gadgets out there that are reducing the transaction costs, making transactions and trade that was not previously possible, possible. But there is a lot of work to figure out how to make those markets work exactly right. And there is recent research that I can forward.    Mr. Karlan. Sure. There is a lot that can be done to facilitate markets, but yes, there are some regulations that I do think need to be put in place. So, I will give you an example of one study that actually has implications for here in the United States. It is a study we did in Turkey.    Whether people are aware of the price they are paying, and any sort of hidden fees in terms and conditions is obviously an important issue for regulatory purposes. How to make it so that people are aware of the prices, and how to actually write those disclosure policies is not so easy and obvious.    Mr. Karlan. In this context, no. It is not the MDBs, but it is research MDBs can do to figure out how to do this, and that they then work with the regulatory bodies, for instance. So, there is one instance in Malawi, where a World Bank researcher did work to help understand how to get better biometric data into the use by the banks, so that when you take out a loan you know, kind of, who you are borrowing from. And then that information now is in the hands of the banking system, and the central banks to try work with other banks, such as when you try to encourage that type of exchange. So, it is not coming through the loans. That is coming directly from the research group.    Mr. Karlan. To the--    Mr. Karlan. Yes, but it is actually a little bit more removed. So, there is this--there is CGAP, which is a unit that is housed at the World Bank, which does a tremendous amount of work to try to influence policy, and establish regulations that are appropriate for the markets, to let markets work, but not hinder them. But it is not that CGAP is making direct loans. That is just--it isn't--    Mr. Karlan. Exactly.    Mr. Karlan. I can give you an example of some research which shows that, and it is not going to get at velocity in terms of international trade, but trade just more commerce and trade improving outcomes. So, and this goes to, I think understanding what the market failure is, at the first place, that was preventing trade from happening. It is kind of like what Dr. Ravallion was saying, was it a credit market failure? Was it information failure?    So, this is a perfect example of cell phones actually changing something. There are two different examples I can give you. One is from fishermen in India. So, when cell phones first got built, and towers got put up in--for the fishermen in India, in--beforehand they would have to just dock, and take the price whatever it is.    A lot of fish were literally thrown away because they would dock, and there were no more buyers that was it, they couldn't go back to sea and go to another dock. When cell phones came out, they were--in that basically, it is just improving information from markets.    Mr. Karlan. Price efficiency, yes, and all of a sudden what happened was the fishermen could send a text, find out the price at the different docks, and go to the right place. All of a sudden, you saw smooth prices across the villages on the shore, and much less waste. More trade was taking place. More efficiency. And that was a direct byproduct of understanding.    In this case, they didn't set up cell phones to solve this problem, but it was the case that they reduced transaction costs and made that happen.    In Kenya, a much shorter example, but mobile money, the ability to send money cheaply from one place to another, is reducing a transaction cost, making transactions that were not otherwise possible, possible. And that has increased people's ability to share risk, so that when something bad happens to them, others are able to help them.