    Dr. Yoest. Thank you, Chairman Pitts and members of the committee, for inviting me to testify on behalf of Americans United for Life, the legal architects of the pro-life movement.    The videos released by the Center for Medical Progress, which document senior-level Planned Parenthood staff callously discussing its practice of harvesting the organs of aborted babies in exchange for money, are deeply troubling. We have previously submitted a legal analysis of the videos to the Energy and Commerce Committee detailing six potential felonies shown on the videos.    Today, I will focus on three issues that have received less attention to date, specifically Planned Parenthood's involvement in killing infants born alive after an abortion, performing illegal partial-birth abortions, and coordinating potentially unethical and illegal organ and body part harvesting at the corporate level.    The flagrant disregard for both life and law at Planned Parenthood that the videos depict is, unfortunately, not surprising. One of AUL's primary functions is promoting meaningful legislative protections for all human life, including laws to protect infants born alive after an abortion and health and safety standards. Yet Planned Parenthood regularly and publicly fights against these commonsense laws.    The videos provide insight into why Planned Parenthood desperately fights against lawful standards, even protections for babies born alive, like it recently did in Colorado. In one Colorado video, Dr. Savita Ginde, who is the vice president and medical director of Planned Parenthood of the Rocky Mountains, remarked, quote, ``If someone delivers before we get to see them for a procedure, then they are intact. But that is not what we go for.''    The videos raise credible concern that babies are regularly surviving an abortion, providing probable cause for investigating possible violations of the Federal Born Alive Infant Protections Act. Multiple people throughout the videos refer to the delivery of an intact specimen. For most of us, that is a baby, begging the question, Was that child born alive?    In multiple instances throughout the videos, that appears to be true. For example, Dr. Ben Van Handel, executive director of Novogenix Laboratories, notes: ``There are times when after the Procedure is done that the heart is actually still beating.'' Cate Dyer, CEO of StemExpress, says intact babies are common. Quote: ``If you had intact cases, which we have done a lot, we sometimes ship those back to our lab in its entirety.''    The videos also provide probable cause to investigate whether Planned Parenthood violates the Federal prohibition of partial-birth abortion in order to harvest more usable baby organs. It is important to note that Planned Parenthood actively opposed the Federal ban on partial-birth abortion and unsuccessfully tried to have it struck down in the courts.    Even so, Dr. Deborah Nucatola, who is the senior medical director of corporate Planned Parenthood, defiantly dismisses the Federal law, describing it as, quote, ``up to interpretation,'' end quote, for abortionists like herself. Consider her description about, quote, ``steps that can be taken to try to ensure,'' end quote, procurement of brain tissue. The abortion process she describes, deliberately changing the baby to breach presentation, has a very troubling similarity to the description of the illegal partial-birth abortion procedure.    And finally, the videos document a nationwide network of affiliates in close communication with and endorsement from the corporate headquarters of Planned Parenthood. As an organization, Planned Parenthood's enterprise liability is illustrated by the knowledge and complicity of its senior-level staff who set and direct policy. Dr. Nucatola stated multiple times that the legal department at Planned Parenthood was well aware of the harvesting and selling of infant body parts by affiliates but advised against issuing written national guidelines regarding the practice. Dr. Ginde made similar statements.    In fact, as this chart demonstrates, the undercover videos show that the scandal is extensive and reaches the highest levels of Planned Parenthood.    Dr. Yoest. For example, the videos include discussions with corporate Planned Parenthood's senior medical director, the president of Planned Parenthood's Medical Directors' Council, the vice president and medical director of Planned Parenthood Rocky Mountain, which is one of their largest affiliates, and the national director for Planned Parenthood's Consortium of Abortion Providers.    In conclusion, on behalf of Americans United for Life, I encourage you to take two legislative responses as a beginning. First, redirect the tax dollars that presently support Planned Parenthood to true healthcare providers not plagued by scandal. This abortion giant receives over $1.25 million per day--per day--in Government funding. We support the proposals to address Medicaid funding that is subsidizing Planned Parenthood because Americans should not be forced to fund the Nation's number one abortion provider.    And second, strengthen the Federal Born Alive Infant Protection Act with criminal penalties to ensure meaningful enforcement of the most basic human right to life for these infants who survive attempted abortions.    Additionally, hold abortion workers to their legal duty to report crimes to law enforcement. Planned Parenthood cannot be permitted to operate while violating laws that protect human rights. Having shown and demonstrated that it cannot resist the financial incentive for delivering intact babies to harvest their organs, Planned Parenthood cannot be allowed to continue their inhumane practices unchecked.    And let me conclude by saying thank you for addressing this very important issue and holding this hearing.    Dr. Yoest. Thank you, Congressman Blackburn, I appreciate the opportunity to address many of the issues that have been raised. And particularly thank you for your legislation, which I believe is a tremendous first step in the direction of addressing some of these really troubling issues that we are discussing today.    I think one of the things that has been most surprising for many of us in getting into this time period where we have been looking at these questions is many people aren't even aware that the Born-Alive Infants Protection Act, as it was passed years ago, was simply a descriptive bill.    Dr. Yoest. It passed in a voice vote here, and in the Senate it was unanimous. And every Senator was present, including Senator Hillary Clinton and many other very prominent abortion right supporters.    So what I think is important to note is that this is an issue that is really common sense for everyone.    Most people aren't aware that there is no penalty attached to not providing humane care for a baby who is born alive after an abortion. And what we see in our work as Americans United for Life is just earlier this year I was invited to testify in front of the Colorado State Legislature, who was looking at a State-based protection for babies born alive. And the Colorado Planned Parenthood came and testified that babies are never born alive after an abortion.    And what particularly, I think, should be a concern to all of us from a human rights perspective is that when a baby is born alive after an abortion, they are at the mercy of someone who has been hired to ensure that their life is not continued.    Dr. Yoest. Yes, ma'am. There was a very prominent incident with a pro-life nurse, Jill Stanek, who became pro-life after witnessing a baby that was discarded and set aside and left to perish after being born alive.    And going to the point about the veracity of the videos, I would just argue that what we are looking at is a question of probable cause for investigation. If we have a situation where a whistleblower has had the courage to come forward and state for the record that she observed a beating heart of a baby after an abortion, I think the burden of proof is then on Planned Parenthood to prove that this is not happening.    Dr. Yoest. Well, I think the advantage of having this legislation right now is that it actually clarifies what the situation is. Because to have something as serious as a situation where a person is born alive and it is unclear as to what the approach is to that person's life--for example, Planned Parenthood a couple of years ago testified in Florida when another State-based born-alive bill was being considered, the Planned Parenthood representative was asked what their policy is when a baby is born alive, and she said: Well, that is left up to the doctor.    So this legislation would clarify that if a baby is born alive it is a person and that not providing the humane standard of care that is available to a baby that is born in the same circumstances of timing under any other circumstances, that it is a question of fairness.    Dr. Yoest. Thank you very much for that question, Congressman Barton.    The short answer is no. And I appreciate having the opportunity to address that question, because as a woman and a breast cancer survivor, it is very troubling to me that Planned Parenthood continues to offer themselves as a first-line responder to issues like cancer and particularly breast cancer. They do not provide mammograms. They simply refer out for that service. And on occasion----    Dr. Yoest. Sorry.    Dr. Yoest. That is correct.    Dr. Yoest. No, sir.    Dr. Yoest. Yes, sir, to a very large degree.    Dr. Yoest. Yes, sir, and they can do it much more comprehensively.    Dr. Yoest. No, sir, there is not. And, in fact, one of the more troubling issues in the videos is that they appear to be changing their procedure in order to get parts that they can then sell.    Dr. Yoest. Yes, sir, myself or my staff.    Dr. Yoest. No, sir, not to my knowledge.    Dr. Yoest. Yes, sir.    Dr. Yoest. Would you mind clarifying the context?    Dr. Yoest. Right, but how you are applying it in this situation?    Dr. Yoest. Americans United for Life was the organization that defended the Hyde amendment in front of the Supreme Court.    Dr. Yoest. We strongly support the Hyde amendment and we support the law as it is written.    Dr. Yoest. No, sir.    Dr. Yoest. I am sorry?    Dr. Yoest. I consulted the videos in putting together the chart, yes.    Dr. Yoest. Of the authenticity of the videos. As the chairman stated, the full videos are available online----    Dr. Yoest . And our team has reviewed the full videos that are available online.    Dr. Yoest. Yes. And we have submitted to the Energy and Commerce Committee a 28-page legal analysis of the full videos.    Dr. Yoest. I believe it is three. Three here and one in the Senate.    Dr. Yoest. It is 12ish.    Dr. Yoest. With all due respect, sir, I think it is still really early----    Dr. Yoest . With an investigation that is--as it was stated earlier----    Dr. Yoest . Investigations are still ongoing.    Dr. Yoest. So far.    Dr. Yoest. Can I clarify what my comment was?    Dr. Yoest. My assertion would be that the burden of proof is on Planned Parenthood to respond to something that is as serious an accusation with evidence that is as troubling as what we have seen to having their senior medical director on tape saying that she considers the law to be a suggestion----    Dr. Yoest. Pardon?    Dr. Yoest. I wasn't asserting a legal theory. I was asserting common decency.    Dr. Yoest. I am sorry. Could you repeat the question?    Dr. Yoest. Not that I am aware of.    Dr. Yoest. I can't say that I recall that.    Dr. Yoest. May I respond very briefly?    Dr. Yoest. Thank you, sir.    I would just like to briefly object to the characterization of the pro-life movement, and I would like to invite you, sir, to visit a pregnancy care center in California that takes care of babies after they are born.    Dr. Yoest. Roughly speaking, yes.    Dr. Yoest. Yes, sir. I am very glad that you read from Gonzales v. Carhart because the ban on partial-birth abortion was a very hotly contested issue in our country, and the Supreme Court was very clear in upholding its legality.    And I didn't have a whole lot of time to elaborate on Dr. Deborah Nucatola's scoffing at the partial-birth abortion law, but after she made the quote about the fact that she thought this was basically just kind of a guideline for her behavior, she went on to say that she felt that intent came into play in that if she didn't intend to perform a partial-birth abortion, that it didn't count.    But in actual fact, to switch back to talking about the law, aside from common decency, the law is very clear that intent doesn't let you off the hook from performing a partial-birth abortion.    Dr. Yoest. Yes, sir. If I could connect it to your previous question of Mr. Mattox. One of the things that is most troubling, through this whole process I think many of us have become much more familiar with abortion procedures than we would ever care to be. But the hard truth of the matter is that in order--the reason it is so relevant, this question of them changing their procedures, is that in order to get useable tissue they cannot use the most lethal and most--forgive me--most effective way of ending the baby's life by using a chemical called Digoxin that kills the baby before it is born.    So by moving away from using that procedure and altering their technique in order--because, excuse me, I failed to mention that Digoxin then makes the baby's tissues unusable for harvesting and selling it--and so that is what moves them toward doing these kinds of procedures that are much more likely to result in partial-birth abortion and live births.    And so I think that is a really important point for all of us to understand, that there is a cohesive whole here in terms of the violation of the law, the targeting of the organs that they want, of maintaining tissues that are the most financially marketable for them.    Dr. Yoest. The law is very clear about what it has banned.    Dr. Yoest. Yes.    Dr. Yoest. Well, I think, you know, there has been a lot of conversation about the context and the editing of the videos. But I think that in looking at the full totality of Dr. Nucatola's testimony, I just don't see that context is helpful at all when she is quite clear that she starts the day with a list of organs that she is targeting, and then she describes a procedure that she uses in order to ensure that those organs that she is harvesting are then usable.    Dr. Yoest. Well, I think that in addition to--well, first, can I just say that we do appreciate both what you and Congresswoman Blackburn are doing with your bills and that we just very much appreciate that.    There is also the bill that I believe will soon be introduced by Congressman Franks to add criminal penalties to the Born-Alive Infants Protection Act. And then I believe there is also another bill to be soon introduced by Congresswoman Black to propose a moratorium on Planned Parenthood funding.    So I think that there is a lot of conversation going on right now, and I think that there are quite a few different approaches that we can take that could be a productive approach.    Dr. Yoest. No, ma'am.    Dr. Yoest. We have watched----    Dr. Yoest . The unedited ones.    Dr. Yoest. Yes.    Dr. Yoest. No, I can't. You are right, I can't.