    Dr. Benishek. As you know, I am Dr. Dan Benishek, and it has been my honor to be both your congressman and the chairman of the Subcommittee on Health for the Committee on Veterans' Affairs of the United States House of Representatives.    Before I was elected to Congress, I was privileged to serve for 20 years as a physician at the Oscar G. Johnson VA Medical Center at Iron Mountain, overseeing the VA community-based outpatient clinic here in Sault Ste. Marie. During my time there, veteran patients would tell me every day about the challenges and the frustrations that they faced when attempting to get care through the VA, the VA which is, by the way, the government's second largest bureaucracy, with a budget and staff that trails only the Department of Defense in size.    Let me be clear: our veterans fought for our freedom; they shouldn't have to fight government bureaucrats too.    The subcommittee members and our staff work hard every day to break down the barriers between the VA bureaucracy and the veterans that this bureaucracy should be serving here in the UP and across the country.    I am joined here today by Congresswoman Julia Brownley, the ranking member of the Subcommittee on Health, and a representative from the 26th District in California, just north of Los Angeles. Needless to say, she has traveled quite a distance to be here today with us, and we are grateful for her willingness to join us in Sault Ste. Marie this morning and for being such a strong and effective voice on the subcommittee. Thank you very much.    Dr. Benishek. The purpose of today's hearing is to make sure that the care that you and your fellow veterans receive in the Eastern UP is timely, accessible, and high quality. Unfortunately, we all know that at times the VA has failed to meet those measures, and in doing so has fallen short of providing the treatment that our veterans have earned and deserve.    An example of how the VA has fallen short here in Sault Ste. Marie can be seen in the VA's inability for the past two years to recruit a physician to staff the VA community-based outpatient clinic here. The veterans that I have spoken to, some of whom you will be hearing from this morning, are understandably concerned about the lack of a physician at this facility and the impact that the VA's failed recruitment efforts have had on the quality of care at the clinic. I share those concerns; and today, we are going to get some answers.    During this morning's hearing we will discuss efforts that the VA has taken in this community and around the country to ensure that rural clinics like the one here in Sault Ste. Marie are properly staffed and that rural veterans are able to access care in the community or through tribal health centers where VA funding is unable to provide the care that our veterans need and when our veterans would prefer to receive care elsewhere.    We will hear testimony from the VA, from local tribal leaders and local veterans whose input, expertise and advice are critical to the work that we do in Washington. I am grateful to all our witnesses for being here and look forward to their testimony.    Before that, I will take a moment to recognize the men and women that we are here today to serve. Will the veterans in our audience right now please stand, if you are able, or raise your hand and be recognized?    Dr. Benishek. Thank you so much for serving our country and for being with us here this morning.    I would like to take a moment to recognize and thank the Armory staff for allowing us to use their facility this morning and for their assistance in setting up for the hearing. Thank you for that.    Dr. Benishek. With that, I would like to recognize Ranking Member Brownley for any opening statement she may have.    Ms. Brownley.honor for me to serve on the VA Committee in Washington, DC. My brother was 20 years in the Navy, a pilot in the Navy. My dad was a Marine. I had two uncles, one in the U.S. Army and one in the Coast Guard. So at least I understand what the impacts are on veterans and veterans' families. This was the committee that I wanted to serve on when I arrived in Washington, and I am extremely, extremely honored to be on this committee and to be able to serve veterans, not only in my home district but across the country.    So thank you all very, very much for your service and your continued service. It is greatly, greatly appreciated. Thank you.    Dr. Benishek. Thank you, Ms. Brownley.    We are going to begin today's hearing with our first panel of witnesses who are already seated at the table here. As this is a formal hearing, this is a real congressional hearing just like we have in Washington. It is not a town hall. We have invited witnesses to the table to speak, although I look forward to speaking with other audience members after the hearing is concluded.    Before I introduce our panelists, I need to remind all of today's witnesses to be mindful of the 5-minute time limit on your oral testimony, and then a question-and-answer period will follow. The light here is green, and then it turns yellow when there is a minute left, and then it turns red when your 5-minutes is up. We try to do that even in Washington, especially for Members of Congress, just to make sure we get through all the testimony and have plenty of time for questions and answers. Thanks in advance for your consideration.    With us on the first panel this morning is Chairperson Aaron Payment, Sault Ste. Marie Tribe of Chippewa Indians; Anthony Harrington, a veteran who lives right here in Sault Ste. Marie; David Pearce, an Army veteran and Commander of VFW Post 3676; Don Howard, Director and Commander of American Legion Post 3; and Jacqueline Haske, the Chippewa County Veteran Service Officer.    I am grateful to each of you for doing this, for your willingness to be here and to speak candidly about the issues of importance to our veterans and our community. I am honored to have you all here with us this morning.    The Chairman. Payment, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Dr. Benishek. Thank you.    Mr. Harrington, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Dr. Benishek. Thank you very much for your testimony.    Commander Pearce, you are now recognized for 5 minutes.    Dr. Benishek. Thank you very much, Commander Pearce.    Commander Howard, you are recognized for 5 minutes.direction. I met him actually in Washington, DC. His father actually lives south or just north of Escanaba, the VA Secretary.    What we would like to see is have you guys encourage a roundtable with all concerned--the tribes, the seven tribes in the UP, Iron Mountain, Danny Pummill's staff out of Washington, DC, and yourselves to oversee it, just like the UAW and Ford Motor Company negotiations. We could hold this right here in Manistique, plenty of room, and if it takes 4 to 40 hours, get this fixed, make the UP the model for the rest of the state. These veterans deserve better up here.    My family is from Singleton. I spend my summers up here. I live south of Detroit now. I think this can be done. I know we have the willingness between the tribes, and that is all we need is some help from you, both of you and the VA, and to bring this and put this together and work it out.    That is all I have to say. Thank you.    Dr. Benishek. Thank you, Mr. Howard.    Is it Ms. Haske or Haske.    Dr. Benishek. You don't have to be scared. Just tell us any issue that you are having with the VA.    Dr. Benishek. Is there anything else you would like to tell us?    Dr. Benishek. All right. That was just fine.    In that case, I will recognize myself for 5 minutes to ask a few questions.    Chairperson Payment, tell me about this Memorandum of Understanding to get the tribal healthcare to be provided through the VA. Has the VA talked to you? Have there been any negotiations with them? Where are you at with that?    Dr. Benishek. Why don't they have that agreement already? What is the story?    Dr. Benishek. How long have you been in negotiations with them? A year-and-a-half?    Dr. Benishek. Mr. Pearce, you mentioned the fact that the billing is a problem sometimes if you see somebody outside the VA. Can you elaborate on that a little bit more?    Dr. Benishek. Are there any problems that you are aware of with your record when you go to an off-site facility, any of you or Ms. Haske? Do you know of a situation where a patient's record of the care they had received outside the VA, is that getting back to the VA so they are keeping track of what care you had and where?    Dr. Benishek. Ms. Haske, are you familiar with any problems in that regard?    Dr. Benishek. The records, making sure that the veteran has a continuous record of his care outside. Is that happening that you are aware of?    Dr. Benishek. All right. Great.    Our second panel of VA witnesses are going to testify that the VA provides patient-centered care to approximately 15,000 of the 30,000 veterans that reside in the Upper Peninsula. Do any of you want to comment? Do you think that the VA is providing patient-centered care in the Upper Peninsula? Anyone want to comment on that?    Mr. Howard, do you have any comment on that?    Dr. Benishek. Do any of you know if it is because----    Dr. Benishek. No, I can definitely agree with you there. And frankly, that kind of stuff happens all the time, where patients have to drive, here in the Sault, a good four hours, and just that drive, as many of you have related, eight hours to get there and back for a 20-minute appointment, does seem a little bit on the ridiculous side.    I already have followed up on many of the issues that you have brought up here today with the VA panel that is coming up next, so I really appreciate bringing up all this stuff, and I am going to yield to Ms. Brownley for her 5 minutes of questioning. We may have another round of questions as well.    Ms. Brownley.    Dr. Benishek. Thank you, Ms. Brownley.    Dr. Benishek. I am going to ask a few more questions while we have you here, because once we get the VA up there, then I am not going to have the opportunity to do that.    I just want to mention, Mr. Pearce, you talked about this telehealth appointment not being very effective or being very personal. So I would like you to expand on that a little bit, because the comments that I have heard about the telehealth from the VA and from some other people have been positive. So can you kind of relate more about your experience with that?    Dr. Benishek. Did you relay those sentiments to the staff?    Dr. Benishek. And did they appreciate your input?    Dr. Benishek. But is there any way to improve that? Was it a really small picture? Was--you didn't understand the person? I am just trying to----    Dr. Benishek. Mr. Harrington, do you have a thought on that?    Dr. Benishek. Chairperson Payment, I understand your tribe is making an effort to collect more accurate information about the number of American Indian veterans that live in the Eastern UP. Do you have that data that you can share with our office to help us identify those veterans? We are trying to make sure we have accurate numbers as well. Can you elaborate on that a little bit?    Dr. Benishek. Is there anything else that any of you would like to say to me now while you have the opportunity?    Mr. Harrington.    Dr. Benishek. Thank you, Mr. Harrington.    I am going to yield to my friend here, Ms. Brownley from California, once again.    Dr. Benishek. Thank you, Ms. Brownley.    Well, thank you for being part of our hearing this morning. You are excused.    We are going to ask the second panel to come up and give their testimony.    We certainly appreciate your participation.    Dr. Benishek. We will welcome our second and final panel of witnesses to the table. Joining us this morning from the Department of Veterans Affairs is Gina Capra, the Director of the Office of Rural Health. Ms. Capra is accompanied by James Rice, the Acting Director for VISN 12 and the Director of Iron Mountain VA; and by Dr. Gail McNutt, who is the Chief of Staff of the Oscar G. Johnson VA Medical Center in Iron Mountain.    Thank you all for being here this morning.    Ms. Capra, you can proceed with your testimony when you are ready. You are recognized for 5 minutes.    Dr. Benishek. Thank you, Ms. Capra.    Frankly, I am a little disappointed with your testimony. I mean, it sounds like you are doing everything just wonderful from that testimony. But as you heard from the first panel, there are a lot of problems. What you have heard here today is only an example of what is going on I think, across the country. You said all great stuff there in your testimony, but let's talk about some of the things that are actually going on.    One of the things I want to start out with is could you provide my office with the recruitment documentation of the recruitment efforts that have occurred to fill the position of a physician here in Sault Ste. Marie? Could you provide that to us in maybe the next 30 days?    Dr. Benishek. Can you say yes to that question?    Dr. Benishek. Great.    So what is the story, Mr. Rice or Dr. McNutt? Do you know what the story is here? We have heard some contradictory things here. I think we are trying to get a physician here, and yet we don't have one. And then some people testified that they are not trying to get a physician here, or only a part-time. So I don't know what the real story is. What has been going on, and when are we going to get a doctor here?    Dr. Benishek. I understand that that was here in the Sault.    Dr. Benishek. Oh, I see.    Dr. Benishek. Is there a particular problem with physician recruitment? I mean, what is the basic problem, Mr. Rice? Is it they are not accepting the salary, or it is just hard to get somebody up here? I mean, you have the same problem at Iron Mountain too, as I understand it.    Dr. Benishek. All right. Thanks.    I will yield now 5 minutes to my colleague.    Dr. Benishek. I have a few more questions, a follow-up on that.    Mr. Rice, have you been working with the Sioux Tribe? That was one of the main points of Mr. Payment's testimony, that they have been unable to secure a relationship with the VA to allow their clinics. What is going on there?    Dr. Benishek. What was the deal there? They have a different reimbursement plan? Is that what you are saying?    Dr. Benishek. Do they have to be a part of this Health Net in order to be a Choice provider? Is that basically the----    Dr. Benishek. Okay. So if they don't want to be a part of this Health Net, then they cannot be a Choice provider.    Dr. Benishek. But they can still do care within the VA outside the Choice program, right?    Dr. Benishek. Where are we here with the Sioux?    Dr. Benishek. They are not Choice providers at this time?    Dr. Benishek. What about this Memorandum of Understanding for their tribal members? What is the problem there? That is separate from the Choice, right?    Dr. Benishek. I see. So what about just a fee-for-service or another thing outside the Choice program?    Dr. Benishek. It seems like this has been going on for a while.    Dr. Benishek. Some of the issues from Mr. Payment is that they are willing and eager to make this happen. I don't know where the problem is, but I would think there is real opportunity to find a local provider who is willing to be a provider in the community. So I am just trying to facilitate that by having this hearing here today.    One of the other things that was brought up was the transportation issue and that there is difficulty providing rural transportation. Can you address that a little bit as well?    Dr. Benishek. Ms. Capra talked about nationwide providing transportation, it is already happening, but there still seem to be some problems. Can you update us on what is going on as far as you are concerned?    Dr. Benishek. Apparently, since 2009, there has been $14 million that has gone from the Office of Rural Health to the Iron Mountain VA Medical Center. Can you tell me how that $14 million has been spent?    Dr. Benishek. Ms. Brownley.    Dr. Benishek. I have a few more questions.    In following up with what Ms. Brownley was asking, the gentleman testified about coming and then going back three days, having to go back for more----    Dr. Benishek. Really, is there some inquiry to the patient prior to his arrival saying what are the issues you are going to be talking to us about, is there anything else we can take care of while you are at Iron Mountain that day? Do they have that type of discussion with the patient prior to their showing up? Because I haven't heard that.    Dr. Benishek. It just seems to me that knowing that he is going to go for a hearing evaluation, that the tech should be there that same day so that those kind of issues can be dealt with. The travel time is just horrible.    Dr. Benishek. I wanted to ask another question about the medical record because I have heard also in other testimony that when people get outside care in the community, their medical record is not updated at the VA maybe in a timely fashion.    Does that kind of communication happen electronically? Does the patient in the community have access to the patient's records in the VA? I mean, when I was taking care of some patients at Iron Mountain, I was able to get into the VA's computer record in my office. It was sort of an ordeal to get in, but we always had that. Is that a routine now? Does the patient seen in the community have access to the patient's record?    Dr. Benishek. I think one more question and follow-up on a previous line of testimony. I can't remember if you actually said--are you going to continue to try to get a physician here in Sault Ste. Marie, or is that pretty much by the wayside? We went through the numbers game there for a minute. I don't know if you did that because you are not going to recruit a physician anymore? I am just trying to get what is the final answer because that is the main question that people have. They want a physician at this facility, and I don't think you answered the question.    Dr. Benishek. And you have been unable to recruit somebody to the Sault Ste. Marie facility to provide part-time physician coverage? Is that correct?    Dr. Benishek. Well, you are no longer recruiting for the job at this point in time.    Dr. Benishek. How much is the scope of care limited by not having a physician here on site?    Dr. Benishek. Does that occur here?    Dr. Benishek. Well, while I have you here and while we have the time, I just want to touch again on this transportation issue. You mentioned that the DAV is providing the transportation. How is that really working? Because Mr. Payment was saying it doesn't seem to be working that well from his perspective. I know that we have a problem with capacity because the volunteers are paging and it is not maybe as reliable a system as it once was.    Can you talk about that? Is there another option for veterans here? Are you willing to work with Mr. Payment to try to----    Dr. Benishek. Can you move a little more in his direction?    Dr. Benishek. I don't know the specifics, but I know this has been a problem in the past.    Dr. Benishek. Do you have any more questions, Ms. Brownley?    Dr. Benishek. I know that we haven't answered all the questions that came up from our veteran panel, but I appreciate you coming in here today with Mr. Rice and Dr. McNutt, Ms. Capra. Thank you.    I still think there are a lot of concerns about our rural veterans. Some of the things have been addressed, the traveling back and forth, back and forth three times in the same week, that sort of thing. These are problems that really need to be solved, and I think better communication with the veteran prior to the visit. I think you mentioned that it is very important to be sure the veterans are informed as to the options and having more options available when they go to Iron Mountain so they don't face too many trips.    I know that we probably aren't trying to solve every problem at the rural VA, but I hope that maybe some people here who have a relationship with the providers here in the Sault will continue to improve going forward. I didn't want to say myself, having worked at the VA, I worked with Mr. Rice. He is a keeper, and that means a lot. He is not somebody that is coming through the VA every two years and moving on to his next site. He is committed to being at Iron Mountain. So there is a lot of improvement there, and I know that he is working sincerely.    My frustration, frankly, is with upper management, making sure that he has the tools he needs to provide the care that we need in Michigan. I am happy to see that he came here.    Ms. Capra, like I said, I was a little disappointed in your standard testimony, how you are doing things, but the specifics matter here, and making sure that Mr. Rice has the tools that he needs to provide care. Somebody on the first panel said his hands are tied. I would like to see a physician here in the Sault. I know that people here in the Sault want to see that, and I continue to encourage the VA to hire a physician here in the Sault, and I am going to continue to work on those efforts.    So if you don't have any further questions, I want to thank you for being here today, and I will hereby adjourn the hearing. Thank you very much.