    Mr. Smith. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I have a longer statement, which I will just submit for the record. But I think this hearing is perfectly appropriate to really think broadly about what is our strategy. And I think it is not just against ISIS, but all of the groups affiliated with that ideology, Al Qaeda, Al-Shabaab, Boko Haram, Ansar al-Sharia in Libya. This is an ideology that we need to figure out how to defeat. For a long time it was Al Qaeda. Gosh, 10 years ago, no such thing as Al Qaeda in Iraq or ISIS. Now they are the great threat. And I agree with the chairman, I think this is a very significant threat, precisely because they have the same willingness that Osama bin Laden had to reach out and try to attack Western targets wherever they can find them. This is in our vital national security interests to figure out how best to contain this. But I think the lesson that has been learned is the ability of the United States to go militarily into a Muslim country and pacify it, if you will, and force it into a different direction. And Ambassador Crocker is very familiar with those struggles and those difficulties.    The issue isn't could we, in the short term, militarily defeat ISIS? Certainly. You know, we could, with our Western allies, have a force that could, you know, destroy them in the short term. But in the long term, do we create more of them? Do we then create a situation where we have even more of the Muslim world against us? How do we thread that needle? And I think that is the key. And what I want to hear most from our witnesses, how do we find allies in the Muslim, Sunni Muslim world in particular, since these groups are Sunni, and how do we assist them in defeating groups like ISIS and Al Qaeda, and convincing their populations that these are groups not to be supported and not to be joined?    How, in essence, does the Muslim world, do places like Iraq and Syria, offer a better alternative going forward? And a big part of this is this part of the world has a massive youth bulge, huge youth population, and almost no jobs. Nothing for these people to do. That makes these sort of ideologies even more attractive.    So a comprehensive solution is needed. I think we have two great witnesses here to offer us that perspective. And I look forward to their testimony. I thank the chairman for the hearing. With that, I yield back.    The Chairman. I thank the gentleman. Let me, again, express our appreciation to both our witnesses for being here. John McLaughlin, as members know, was the deputy director and then the acting director of the CIA during the crucial beginning time of this fight against terrorists, shortly after 9/11. He now teaches at Johns Hopkins School for Advanced International Studies.    Ryan Crocker has been a Foreign Service Officer for 30-something years, ambassador to a whole variety of countries, including Iraq and Syria, and is now the dean at the George Bush School down in College Station. So we are very grateful to both of you for being here. I think the ranking member is exactly right, we are looking for the broader strategic perspective on what we are facing.    Without objection, your full written statements will be made part of the record. And I will turn to you first, Mr. McLaughlin, for any comments you would like to make.  STATEMENT OF JOHN E. McLAUGHLIN, FORMER ACTING DIRECTOR OF     Mr. Smith. Thank you. I have a couple other questions, but just following up on that point. The root cause of the problem here is we don't have a legitimate Sunni force in Syria or Iraq that--well, that exists, basically. You mentioned the problem with the Kurds, you mentioned the problem with the Iraqi Government. And when you are going to get into the Sunni portions of Syria and Iraq, you are going to need a legitimate Sunni force to hold it.    And you listed all the problems with the existing forces. I would merely submit that 10,000, 20,000, 30,000 U.S. troops down on the ground going into Ramadi or going into Fallujah or any of these towns doesn't change that dynamic. And as hard as it would be for a Shia militia to hold a Sunni town or a Kurdish-backed force to hold a Sunni town, I would submit it would be even harder for a Western force to hold a Muslim town. And that is the frustration that we find ourselves in. But leaping into that mess and simply making it worse at the cost of greater lives and more money is something I would be very, very cautious about doing.    Now, the struggle is, like I said, where are the Sunni--forget the word moderate, where are the anti-ISIL Sunnis who could actually hold? That is what we have got to find. That is where we have got to get to. That is not going to happen tomorrow or next month or even next year. That is going to take a lot of time. You were there for the Sunni Awakening, largely because of Al Qaeda's overstepping its bounds, and also, a lot of very, very good work by the Marine Corps in terms of building relationships with the tribes. I mean that is the kind of thing that needs to happen. A U.S.-led force is going to be no more welcome in these Muslim towns than the Kurds and the Shia, in my opinion.    Two issues I want to raise. One is on the refugee issue. And aren't we playing right into ISIS's hands by saying, you know, keep the refugees out, we don't trust them? When, in fact, I think what is interesting is if you look at what actually happened in Paris, there is not really any evidence that any of the people who perpetrated those attacks were refugees. It is fascinating they found this passport, which, by the way, there is a duplicate of that passport that was forged by somebody else someplace else. So it appears not even to be a legitimate passport. And also, you know, find it interesting that, you know, a suicide bomber would think to take his passport with him on the mission. It seems like a rather odd choice. And it seems likely that ISIS, which has been trying to drum up opposition to these refugees, could easily have planted it. And certainly it is to their benefit if we are seen as hostile to refugees. I know you have written about this, Ambassador Crocker. I have one other line of questioning. If you could quickly hit on that and how it affects this overall fight if we appear unwilling to accept Syrian refugees?    Ambassador Crocker. Thank you, Congressman. As I have stated on a number of occasions going back some time, I think it is important for the United States to be able to demonstrate to Sunni Muslims that this is not a confrontation between the West, led by us, and Sunni Islam. It is a confrontation between all of the civilized world, including the vast majority of Sunni Arabs, and a hateful terrorist group that has terrorized and killed far more Sunni Arabs than it has any other group. I think it is important to stake that out to kind of defeat the persistent Islamic State narrative that this is the West, the Crusaders against the true faith. We need to take that away from them. This is an important way to do it. Now, nothing is more important than the security of our country.    Mr. Smith. Absolutely.    Ambassador Crocker. So this has to be done in a way that gives us confidence that anyone trying to get to this country for malign purposes can be screened out. There are no absolute guarantees.    Mr. Smith. No. And there is no absolute guarantees if you forget refugees. People come to this country for any reason for that matter, I don't know if we screen them--or domestic. I mean, as I pointed out, in Paris, it was Belgian and French citizens, born there, who were radicalized who moved in this direction. So we have to be very, very diligent to protect our country, not just from refugees, but from, you know, gosh, our own citizens, or anybody who is here for any reason to make sure that they are not being radicalized.    That happens with regrettable frequency, and our jails are full of homegrown radicals that fortunately we were able to catch in most instances. I want to ask one other question about this whole debate about whether or not--about who we are fighting. And this came up during the Bush administration, actually, that there was a reluctance to use any Islam, Islamist, Islamic, anything that sort of gave our enemy the title of being affiliated with the Muslim religion. Because we do not, as you very articulately stated, want ISIS to be able to claim that they are defending the Muslim world against Western aggression. And that is the reason why both the Bush administration and the Obama administration have gone to great lengths to not give ISIS, to not say that they are Islamic terrorists or Islamic radicals or whatever, that they are violent extremists.    However, I think that looking at the broader issue, aside from just ISIS or Al Qaeda, the idea of whether or not we are at war with radical Islam, you know, there are a lot of Salafists and Wahhabis and others who right now don't support violence against the West or violence against anybody, but I still think their ideology is a big problem. And they wind up funding those people.    So how do we work with allies like Saudi Arabia and Pakistan and others who have, at the same time, given sympathy to the very ideology that threatens us, even if the ideology they support tries and frequently fails to stop short of the violence element? How should we handle the issue of who we are fighting and whether or not we bring religion into it?    Mr. Smith. Until it hit home----    Mr. Smith. I want to let other people get in here. I will just say I don't believe that those policies have been completely abandoned by that part of the world. It is not a matter of years ago. I think they still are too, too open to a more radical interpretation of their religion that creates a larger problem. And that is something we need to work with our allies to confront. With that, I will yield back. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    The Chairman. Thank you. Mr. Forbes.