    Mr. McClintock. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Madam Secretary, to a lot of us, I think the most galling element of this scandal is the government's double standard in addressing spills of this nature. The EPA and its contractors deliberately breached a mine opening that caused a blowout of over 3 million gallons of contaminated water. The EPA had not tested for hydrostatic pressure within the mine, even though experience with other similar mines suggested that they should.    At the last hearing, we heard about a company that accidentally spilled 7,500 gallons. That is \1/4\ of 1 percent of what the EPA spilled. You went after that company with a vengeance. You got six criminal indictments; you sent people to jail. Another poor guy in Alaska operating a backhoe accidentally caused a 1,500-gallon spill. That is \5/100\ of 1 percent of what the EPA caused. You sent him to Federal prison. Yet, as you just testified to Mr. Lamborn, you have sought no criminal indictments against EPA officials for causing this 3 million gallon spill. You have not fired anybody over this scandal.    Let me ask you this. Have you at least demoted anybody?    Mr. McClintock. I did, and their answer was----    Mr. McClintock. I did ask that question of the EPA. The answer was zero. I then asked, ``How many people at least have you docked the pay of? '' Do you know what the answer was? Zero. I then asked, ``Well, have you at least yelled at anybody? '' Let me ask you that same question. Have you yelled at anybody over this?    Mr. McClintock. Well, the EPA Administrator said that she had, at least thought she may have, yelled at a few people.    Here is the double standard. If you are a private citizen and you have an accident with a backhoe, you go to jail for spilling 1,500 gallons. If you are an EPA official responsible for negligently spilling 3 million gallons of contaminant, you might get yelled at by the EPA Administrator; but don't worry, the Secretary of the Interior won't say anything.    Mr. McClintock. Do you understand how galling that is to the American public?    Mr. McClintock. I will get to that in a second. It has been 6 months since this disaster. You testified that the EPA should have tested for hydrostatic pressure before breaching the adit. I would like to know the name of the EPA official who approved the breaching of that mine adit without hydrostatic testing.    Mr. McClintock. Well, you have had 6 months; and the Department that you head was directly responsible for what we were assured in September would be a thorough, independent, and complete investigation of this incident, including the assignment of responsibility. Now you are telling me you were just kidding?    Mr. McClintock. The fact is this report failed to hold anyone accountable for the disaster. It offered only a cursory engineering analysis of the circumstances. The report states that the evaluation team did not believe it was requested to perform an investigation into a finding of fault.    One of the peer reviewers, the expert with the Army Corps of Engineers, protested that the Department of the Interior report failed to explain the decisions that led to the disaster. He pointed out that the actual cause of failure was some combination of issues related to EPA internal communications. You are directly responsible for this report. Your EPA Administrator had promised this committee a thorough investigation. We have not gotten one. What we have gotten is a complete, deliberate whitewash.    Mr. McClintock. Again, you have said that you do not have the authority to prosecute for negligence; yet your EPA vigorously prosecutes private citizens for negligence, causing a fraction of the damage. May I ask if you at least asked for her resignation?    The Chairman. You don't have to answer that one.    Mrs. Napolitano.