    Mr. Weller. Good afternoon, Mr. Chairman, Ms. Lujan Grisham, and Members of the Committee. It is good to see you all again. I am really excited to be here today and I really commend the Committee. Mr. Chairman, the opportunity you are affording NRCS, but also the other witnesses here, to talk about all the really positive contributions that farmers and ranchers are making, and how much innovation is occurring right now in the private lands voluntary incentive-based conservation arena. It is unprecedented, and I hope to be able to touch upon it really briefly in my presentation, and I also very much appreciate your forbearance here to allow me to extend my remarks a few minutes and actually share with the Committee some slides that I have put together. This is, I guess, a fallout from the last hearing we had with you and the Committee on the soil health topic. This is really an expansion on that topic.    The way this is organized--and this has been really difficult for me because, in part, there is so much I want to talk about and there are so many awesome things that are happening right now. To get this condensed down to 10 minutes is pretty hard to do, so I am going to do my best.    This is grouped into three topic areas. First, is next level upgrade for science, next level upgrade for tools, and then next level upgrade for partnerships. And all of you talked about this in your opening statements, really touched upon what is happening in these three areas of science, tools, and partnerships.    NRCS started, as you know, over 80 years ago in the wake of the Dust Bowl, and we were at the very beginning, the very genesis, the first chief, Hugh Hammond Bennett, Dr. Bennett created a Soil Conservation Service. We were known as a technical, science-based agency, and what we shared was that scientific knowledge with that farmer and rancher to better manage, initially, their soils. It is really, then incumbent upon us to stay current with current edge of the science, state of the science, and continue to share that technical knowledge. And really, in everything that we do, whether it is through a program, through a conservation plan, it is sharing and imparting that technical knowledge on the landscape.    Really, what we are very focused on at NRCS then is ensuring we are not just current, state of the art, but even leading edge in many cases on the current state of agronomic and conservation science.    An example of what we have been working with our partners from edufield monitoring systems where we are really trying to understand beyond modeling--we are really trying to understand what is actually happening in real world agriculture and real world environments. When you put in place different crop rotation systems, residue management systems, tilling practices, nutrient management practices, what happens when you compare a treated field and an untreated field side by side? What happens to the surface water, and importantly, maybe you have installed a biorack as part of your ag drainage water management system. What happens to that tile water coming out of the line? Then over time, we can really scientifically, credibly understand when you tweak and manage your crop fields better, what is the ultimate result? Beyond something modeled, you are actually getting real world information, which you can then feed back to that land owner, to that customer, to that farmer or rancher. And that scientific knowledge then helps drive better landscape decisions, both on a farm, but then in this case, a watershed.    What we are looking at here comes out of Iowa, Sac County, Iowa, and this is a tributary of Black Hawk Lake. There is a producer, family operation, Linda Richie. And you can see here there is a lot of headcut going on in this tributary of the stream, and this reservoir is impacted by sediment loadings and intermittent loadings coming off farm fields. Well the NRCS, using that scientific knowledge we get from those in-field monitoring systems and our agronomic expertise can come into this landscape and prescribe practices that could transform that tributary from what would originally be a real threat to that reservoir, in this case, ensuring that clean waters continue to flow into that reservoir for that city's water supply, but also critically important in protecting those farm fields. They can stay productive over time and provide for the economic sustainability of that farm.    Similarly, you can come to a farm field like this--this could be anywhere in the Midwest where you have conventional tillage going on, not much protection to that soil. You get a heavy rain event and you are seeing erosion occurring and the gullies forming, carrying off that farm field literally tons of sediment, pounds of nutrients that is leaving that farm field. Using, again, that science based solution approach, you can come in, change the tillage practices, put in cover crops, and you can see what the effect is in terms of protecting the water as the water leaves the field. It is not carrying the sediment. It is not carrying those farm inputs. It is leaving all those really valuable components of agriculture in place to grow the cash crops we depend upon for our food supply.    We have used a lot of these scientific tools. What we see here is an image of Arkansas, and we have identified with state partners there in Arkansas where are small scale watersheds, where we know there are risks based on the soils, risks to water quality in Arkansas. And so you see, for example, up in the northeast part of Arkansas, northwest part of Arkansas, there are different river basins, the St. Francis River basin in the northeast part of the state. Over there on the border with Oklahoma, you see the Illinois River system. And I am proud to say, because of the voluntary contributions of farmers in these communities and the USDA conservation programs this Committee has funded and authorized, we have gone into these and over the last several years, put in place conservation practices on over 80,000 acres of cropland. As a result of these proactive investments, these stream segments are being de-listed. They were de-listed in 2014 off of the State of Arkansas's list of impaired waters. And this isn't something that happened in spite of agriculture, this is something that happened because of agriculture. Because of the positive, targeted approach that producers took, and the voluntary incentive-based conservation programs delivered, we were able to clean up these waterways and provide cleaner water for communities, but also keep those productive lands in working agriculture.    Other success stories from around the country--this is out of South Dakota. This is out of south central South Dakota on the border with Nebraska, and it is the Keya Paha River watershed, and working counterclockwise from the upper right there, you can see where the watershed is located. And really, what the impact on these waters in the Keya Paha River was bacterial. There was too much E. coli and bacterial coliform colonies in the water column. And so we went in, we fenced up the creeks, we put in revegetated buffers. You can see in the lower left there revegetated buffers just 2 years after we went in and treated that watershed. And ultimately, partners there in the state went in there and monitored what was happening in the water columns. Beyond us modeling and saying we are doing good things, we are using science to actually track and give agriculture credit for the proactive solution, and you can see just over the course of 5 years, how we brought down and cut the E. coli bacterial counts by over \2/3\, bringing it to meet the state's water quality standards for bacteria.    In Oklahoma, another success story. This is out of Pond Creek in north central Oklahoma in Grant County. This is a 60 mile stream segment on the Pond Creek, and the entire Pond Creek was listed, the main injuries to their creek were low dissolved oxygen counts, which is really bad for aquatic species, turbidity, which is basically the cloudiness of the water, there is too much suspended sediment in the water, and nutrients, too much nitrogen and phosphorus in the water, and bacterial counts, four injuries.    What you see here is the state went in and monitored what was happening in this watershed, and you can see in 2006 that in terms of the turbidity, 45--almost \1/2\--50 percent of the monitoring results brought back exceeded the state water quality standards, and similarly for the bacterial counts, far in excess of what was tolerated under the state water quality requirements.    Well NRCS came in, invested over the course of about 8 years, over $4 million of private lands voluntary incentive-based conservation on the landscape. By 2014, in about 8 years, we have brought down--in terms of turbidity, there was zero exceedances of turbidity, and it met the state water quality standards for bacterial counts. This stream segment has been de-listed, and this is just one of 48 other success stories in Oklahoma in the past decade alone where USDA's conservation programs, working in concert and partnership with ranchers, are cleaning up the waters of Oklahoma and making those water systems and reservoirs healthier for both wildlife and for people.    Beyond targeting in small scale watersheds, what this is, is a map of a large watershed, a large basin. In this case, it is the Western Lake Erie Basin, which has been a national focus, in part, because of the concerns in the area and the lake area itself. Let me kind of unpack here what this picture is showing. We are using science to really understand what are the underlying properties of the soils in this basin, and in the watersheds there where it is colored red, kind of a pink color, those are soils where inherently they are very erosive, and also very porous. They are going to be a high risk of loss of sediment and nutrients from those farm fields from surface flow. The green are watersheds or areas where there is low risk for erosion potential. As we are going to see over time here is from 2005 to 2015, we put in place 1.1 million unique acres of conservation practices in the Western Lake Erie Basin. You are going to see the points over time where using science, we have helped to work with farmers to target the right conservation practices, and these are just for the soil erosion practices. You are going to see the points appear here, and there are also colors associated with these points.    In just about a decade, an enormous unleashed potential here of conservation delivering in this landscape, targeting those high risk soils, locking them down, avoiding loss by controlling and trapping sediments before they leave the farm fields, and this is just in the sediment. We have other layers we could have shown you also, looking at leaching potential where we have also targeted leaching practices. But we estimate that these practices alone over the course of a decade helped reduce or prevent upwards of 970,000 tons of sediment loss are now not flowing into Lake Erie, and upwards of 10.4 million pounds of nitrogen and 2.4 million pounds of phosphorus are now not flowing into Lake Erie because of all three conservation programs delivered by USDA.    In addition, science is looking at Western Lake Erie Basin, there is a lot going on here in this line. Let me try and unpack it here. We looked at producers in two main categories, what is the health of your soils? Are you gaining carbon or losing carbon, the two main factors. And we looked at what is your level of conservation stewardship, high level of conservation stewardship or low level of stewardship? Interestingly, just looking at corn yield, the difference between folks that had high levels of soil health, they are gaining carbon, versus producers that were losing carbon, those guys, in terms of corn yield, had about 15 percent higher corn yield per acre, those guys with healthy soils, than producers that had unhealthy soils. You are getting a boost in yield, but importantly, in terms of phosphorus application, anywhere from 40 to 50 percent less phosphorus applied per year, resulting in--if you look at loss, upwards of 90 percent less phosphorus loss per acre, per year. You are getting a 15 percent boost in corn, you are applying a lot less fertilizers, you are saving \1/2\ of your fertilizer bill, and you are losing 90 percent less phosphorus per acre. That, to me, is the definition of sustainable agriculture. You have economic sustainability, so your input costs are less. You are growing more corn, and you are protecting the waters of the local rivers and ultimately, Lake Erie.    But for us, what is next beyond targeting in small scale watersheds, large basins, we really are aware that the science is next is we have to start being able to target within fields. We have to understand where are the inherent risks within a crop field and where are we going to apply the right practice in the right place.    What you are seeing here is an example where NRCS's geospatial lab is able to develop these kind of maps for our field staffs where we look at the underlying soil profiles. What you see there on the left is a soil map of a farm field, and you can see it in the color coding the different soil types. And each one of the soil types has a different inherent capacity to both grow food and also lose both sediments and nutrients. And so on average, this producer applied 36 pounds of phosphorus per acre evenly across his farm fields. But again, you can see on the right hand side there on the soil types is a vast difference between both yield, so as low as 109 bushel per acre on average, or as high as 217 bushel per acre on average, depending on the soil type. But critically, the key there is what was left in the field? The phosphorus was applied. What left the field in grain? If you have a risky soil, even though you may have applied on average 36 pounds, only 15 of those pounds are leaving in the grain. The rest are left in the field, potentially to leach or to be lost through surface loss.    If you were to apply through using precision conservation techniques, it really then allows our planters to come in and really talk about both application of fertilizer using precision ag technologies, but also even talking about maybe in some parts of the field you don't want to even farm. Why plant?    Let's start talking about some of the other USDA programs, like the Conservation Reserve Program or the easement program, where no matter what you do, that corner of the field, this inclusion, will never be profitable. Stop planting it, stop wasting your money on fertilizer. Let's put it into a conservation use.    We are also coming up with a new tool, conservation planning tool. We are trying to upgrade NRCS's planning capacities, so we are piloting this year a new tool that we are calling the Resource Stewardship Evaluation. What this is, is a lot going on there, but basically what we are trying to bring to a farmer or rancher is a hiring product. We are trying to say what is your level of stewardship for your soils? What is your level of stewardship for both water quality and quantity, air quality, and wildlife habitat? It is five basic metrics.    NRCS has had quality planning criteria for all those metrics, underlying capacity of soil condition, index, your wind erosion, water erosion, et cetera. We have normalized all these different tools and metrics to give back a producer basically a printout of what their level of stewardship is, what is your baseline level of performance, and then we can start to run different scenarios, different options for the producer, and give them a plan to date. It gives them back real time information on what their current level of performance is, and then gives them real time information on what different options and scenarios they want to do, where they can take their performance.    A real world example, this is out of New Jersey where we piloted this last year. You can see there on the left is a leased field. This is a producer that had an annual lease, a 1 year lease and rented it from a local unit of government. And you can see the condition of this land was not very good, bad soils, highly eroded, and impacting local water supplies. We went out and ran the evaluation tool on his operation. You can see in the dark green or the lighter green where his state was, and he was really not meeting the NRCS recommendation levels for management. He was about to lose his lease. He went back to the local unit of government and said, ``Give me one more chance. I promise you I am going to do the right thing.'' He showed the lessor the NRCS evaluation and then what the plan to state was. He didn't just get a 1 year lease. The county actually gave him a 5 year lease. Now that land is going to be kept in production. He put it into a rotational beef grazing operation, protecting the waters, but importantly keeping this land in active agriculture, contributing to the local economy and the local food supply.    Switching now to innovation tools, where we are going with our tool capacity. Through this Committee's leadership, we have a program called the Conservation Innovation Grants Program, CIG, which in my view is really the venture capital, if you will, of conservation where we are really taking high risk, high reward opportunities, providing 50/50 cost-share grants to far more organizations, universities, nonprofits, for-profit companies, all trying to advance innovative solutions, new tools, and approaches for conservation.    The gentleman here is Dennis Carmen, and he is from the White River Irrigation District in Arkansas. He partnered up with a number of other farmers, as well as the Environmental Defense Fund, California Rights Commission, Win Walk International, and some other partner organizations, including American Carbon Registry, and what they have come up with is an enhanced way to grow rice. They were focused on methane emissions and trying to reduce methane emissions from rice production, but also trying to save water. And they piloted different management techniques, and they came up with an approach that would reduce methane emissions by \1/2\, a 50 percent reduction in methane gas emissions, but then also 18 percent water savings by maintaining or enhancing your yield in rice.    They then developed a protocol which they can then go to California, the California Air Resources Board has its greenhouse gas registry, where now they have developed the first in the nation ag crop based protocol where now rice farmers, whether they are in California or Arkansas, can sell credits to the California Air Resources Board. It is an additional revenue stream for rice country. This guy is not only able to grow rice, he is now able to sell methane credits to the California Air Board.    In Cape Cod, the Cape Cod Cranberry Growers Association, through CIG they have developed an online tool--it is an irrigation system management tool where they have centers out in the vines in the cranberry pond there where they are able to monitor in real time air temperature and different climatic conditions, and this is about better managing the irrigation of this cranberry production system. They are able to save per frost event, so they use sprinklers to spray the vines, much like wine, viticulture, you are protecting the vines during frost events, upwards of 9,000 gallons per acre, per frost event. Over the course of a growing season, this technology allows the producer to save upwards of 280,000 gallons per acre. Huge success story.    I talked about precision conservation. We have also invested in a lot of precision ag conservation solutions. This is an example. This is called Adapt-N. It is a collaborative of Cornell University, Pennsylvania State University, Perdue University, USDA Agricultural Research Service lab, Iowa Soybean Association, and some other partners. And there are different modules that we can provide for producers where it gives them real time information on their application of nitrogen. It gives them in-season, in-field nitrogen application advice that takes into account climate, near real time weather conditions, the previous applications of manures and fertilizers, their soil types, their management systems. Ultimately, you are really trying to make each field and sub-component of a field profitable, maxing out your profit and minimizing loss. In this case, loss being both money and nitrogen. In the early pilots, they were able to save upwards of 20 to 30 pounds of nitrogen per acre, while protecting and maintaining yield.    Finally, soil health, as we have talked about previously, the Midwest Cover Crop Council in partnership with the Conservation Technology Information Center, CTIC, they developed a multi-state online tool. It is called the Cover Crop Selection Tool, where it is for producers in Michigan, Ohio, Indiana, Wisconsin, and Minnesota. You can go online. They have identified where their operation is, what their management system is, what their business objectives are, and the tool then recommends different cocktails of cover crop seed mixtures that are appropriate for their climate and a cropping system, but also help them apply these cover crops in a way that will be even more effective. And as we have talked, cover crops are really important and part of the overall conservation soil health management system.    This is a picture of a field from Indiana. Rodney Rulon is the producer, and this is his field. He is part of a family operation where they manage in total 600,000 acres of row crop in Indiana. They have adopted cover crops and residue management systems no-till system of operation, and he believes he is saving over $100 an acre by using soil health management practices. This is saving wear and tear on his field, saving fuel costs, his energy costs, saving fertilizer and other input costs. He is saving $100 an acre a year in cash, that is over $600,000 a year more profit in a year for his family operation.    We have also talked about how soil health and these cover crops can improve the resiliency of crop fields, and how by increasing the soil organic matter, it really creates--turns those crop fields into reservoirs where it can actually hold and retain water. If you look at, hypothetically, all cropland in the United States, if you increase the soil organic matter in the cropland of the United States by one percent, you are able then to turn those crop fields into underground reservoirs. You will be able to hold in those--just a one percent increase would increase the water holding capacity of the soils to hold the same amount of water that flows over Niagara Falls for 150 days. That is a huge amount of water.    What we are seeing here is out of Brookings County, South Dakota, side by side fields. One used convention tillage on the right. On the left, no-till high residue management. And you can see after a 1" rain event, on the right you have heavy ponding. That producer has literally lost tons of topsoil. You can actually see where he has some of his beans coming up. They are out of the ground. On the left, the beans are looking really healthy, coming in. All the water has been captured and stored in the soils for later in the summer months when it is hot and humid, and that crop is going to need water.    The CTIC I mentioned earlier and ARS went out and surveyed producers in the Corn Belt, and if you recall back in 2012, there was a really severe drought, and asked one simple question: Did you use a part of your rotation, cover crop or not? And what they got back was okay, what was the yield, no cover crop, with cover crop. And what you see is corn yield in upwards of ten to fourteen percent boost in yield just by adopting cover crops as part of your rotation. Which to us is then a signal that those producers that have cover crops that are protecting the soils, feeding the soils, are improving yield and improving their bottom lines.    And finally, next generation partnerships. We have already talked, Mr. Chairman, Ms. Lujan Grisham, we have talked about the importance and the power of the Resource Conservation Partnership Program. I am really proud of NRCS's contribution to this, but more proud, frankly, about the robust response from the huge array of partners across the country. Sportsmen's organizations, universities, cities, counties, water utilities, hospitals, churches, I mean, you name it. There are over 2,000 different partner organizations that have come forward. Many of them have never worked in agriculture before, and they never really know how to approach agriculture. They are teaming up with ag associations, agribusinesses, farmers and ranchers themselves, to put in place really exciting conservation solutions.    Ms. Lujan Grisham, as you mentioned with the acequias, I am very happy to point out one of the examples of a project we already have rolling out here is the Acequias De Las Joyas, and this is an example that once you unlock the potential, they are ready to roll. And this is a partnership with the New Mexico Association of Conservation Districts, Interstate Stream Commission, they were ready to rock.    This is on a 300 year old acequia, you can see in this case it is an old, rusted out, inefficient or corrugated pipe, very leaky, not very effective. And we have already installed--you can see here a welded steel pipe. We are also relining the ditches, the irrigation systems with concrete, making it hyper-efficient. That means even more parciantes are going to be able to irrigate off this acequia simultaneously than previously, but also ultimately save a lot more water overall, so the system is going to be more successful. And this was installed in the end of January, so in a matter of months they were ready to roll and get solutions on the ground to be able to help this acequia for this coming growing season.    And then in South Carolina, we have had initially a pilot with the U.S. Endowment for Forestry & Communities. What you are seeing here is the Smith family. This is Alva and Martin Smith in Marlboro County, South Carolina. They are third generation farmers, limited resource producers. They have 400 acres, much of it is forested. And what we are doing in partnership with the U.S. Endowment, U.S. Forest Service, Center for Heirs Property, Federation of Southern Cooperatives, and some other partners, we are first helping families such as the Smith family come in and establish clear title, clear ownership to their lands. Once they have clear title, that unlocks the capacity to come work with USDA. We can them come in with our financial assistance program and put in place really effective forest management practices that are going to improve the health of their forest for long-term timber production, giving them long-term economic benefits, but in the meantime, giving the community water quality benefits, fire protection benefits, air quality benefits, and at-risk species benefits.    And then finally, to me, which is really one of the historic partnership examples, and it is something that I hope they are going to be writing textbooks about, and this is really about how producers and a huge array of partners came forward and did something about the potential listing of sage-grouse out in the West. And I know it feels like this is past, but it is something that is so historic and something I am incredibly proud of. And this is something where NRCS was actually just a small component of it, so in the wake of the candidate decision where the sage-grouse is listed as the potential species for listing under the Endangered Species Act, we launched what was then the Sage-Grouse Initiative. We had over 100 different partner organizations come forward and be part of this, so it lost the NRCS identity and became a partner-led--really a huge success story.    This is a map. The green areas are inhabited sage-grouse range. The dark areas are what is called the priority areas for conservation. This was before we had a lot of really advanced tools. We had some pretty good tools for targeting, but we didn't have what we have now, what I will talk about in a second. What you are seeing here is then how the partnership, the locally led approach on this landscape targeted both financial systems, which are the aqua blue colored dots, and easements, which are the rust colored orange dots. And 100 percent of the practices were put in place in habited range. Three-quarters of the practices were in the priority areas for conservation. The scale is unprecedented. Just in 5 years, the partnership put in place 4.4 million acres of sustainable ranching practices across the West in 11 states. Over 1,100 producers stepped forward, volunteered, and want to be part of the solution.    What is here is then a new tool we just released last week. It is in partnership with Google. We are bringing Google Earth technologies that is allowing USDA conservation districts, conservation organizations to use the Google Earth capabilities. We have different data layers. I am not going to--don't worry, I am not going to walk you through what is going on here in this slide, but basically you can both work at a national level, regional level, state level, county level, field level, where you can zoom in, for example here, looking at what is going on in this landscape. In this case, one of the main threats for sage-grouse is conifer invasion, conifer encroachment, where these conifer and juniper are coming in and invading what was then at one point sage-grouse habitat, and turning it into a forested canopy. It is not very good for livestock. Conifer are really thirsty. They soak up all the ground water. They change the hydrology in those mountainous areas and choke out the seats and springs. But it turns out sage-grouse don't like trees either, because of the raptor perches, and as soon as the conifers come in, as little as a four percent tree canopy cover, the grouse are gone. We can use this tool, zoom in, identify areas where we want to treat. In this case, we come in like in 2012, you can see how we worked with a rancher, cut out his inholdings, cleared it of the sage brush. That is pretty impressive. What is more impressive, though, is when we radio card a sage-grouse hen in Oregon and she flew south down in urban California for the summer, you can see where she hung out in the summer. This is a radio plotted chart showing where the sage hen spent her time, kind of on a shopping trip around the inholding, where apparently she read up on our sage-grouse initiative, sage brush initiative literature where, yes, she understood where she needs to go, where you cut out the trees, that is where I am supposed to hang out. She flew in and you can see how she went around and took advantage of the new habitat that just had recently been opened up, returned both for ranching, but in this case, for critical wildlife habitat.    If you take this kind of success story and you multiply that 1,000, it is an example of how ranchers really delivered unprecedented solutions in this landscape on a voluntary basis, and it is the view for me and my colleagues at NRCS that it is not in spite of ranchers, it is because of the American rancher that we did not list the sage-grouse in September of 2015.    Likewise, in Montana, where ranchers in Sentinel and Big Centennial and Big Hole Valleys, there is a fish. In this case, it is arctic fluvial grayling at risk. It is a candidate for listing in Endangered Species Act. It was down to the last 50 mile segment of the stream, and we put in place voluntary conservation practices with the ranching community.    You can see in this chart over the course of 5 years, the populations, depending on which subpopulation you look at, either increased 500 to 900 percent in 5 years. Result, not listed under the Endangered Species Act because of voluntary incentive-based conservation.    The Oregon chub, this guy should be wearing a cape, actually, because he is the first fish species in American history not to be taken off the endangered species list because it went extinct, because we brought it back from the brink. Voluntary USDA conservation programs made this possible. It was down to less than the thousandth chub left in Oregon. Wetlands reserve practices and acres restored, but also upland water quality practices were put in place. Today's fish population is 140,000 chub and growing taken off the endangered species list because of voluntary acts of conservation.    This is a story of love. This is the Louisiana black bear, which was listed--this is actually the teddy bear that President Roosevelt could not bring himself to shoot because it was so cute and charismatic--listed as endangered. It was down to less than 200. It was in separated populations that were not connected anymore, so they didn't have the opportunity to mate. USDA came in and put in place over 210,000 acres of bottomland hardwood habitat to reconnect those populations through CRP and wetland reserve opportunities. Today, the populations are reconnected, making highways of love where these bears are now back to over 800 bears and growing. Proposed for de-listing under the Endangered Species Act because of voluntary acts of land owners in the Arkansas, Mississippi, and Louisiana regions.    And ultimately, the Peter Rabbit, New England cottontail rabbit, again, because of private forestland owners in New England stepped forward, voluntarily put in place young forest restoration projects on their lands, again, DOI earlier this past fall decided not to list this candidate species under the Endangered Species Act, not in spite of private landowners, but because of the voluntary acts of private landowners and the results they delivered in their communities.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I apologize for going over my time a little bit. Like I said, there is a lot more. This is enough I thought I could get away with. I appreciate your interest, and I am happy to answer any questions you may have. Thank you, sir.    Mr. Weller. The short answer is yes. It is going to help and be tremendous, and what is really the secret of the sauce here is that instead of NRCS determining what is the species or official wildlife determining from the national office, this is where we are going to go work, what the program does is it gives local partners, local communities, local farming, ranching communities, forestland owners to step forward and say, ``You know what, we are concerned about,'' in the case of your question, ``regulatory impacts or risks we have in our area, and here is the help that we need.'' It really puts them in the driver's seat to design projects to meet their water quality or air quality or habitat concerns.    And then it allows opportunities for other partners, whether private organizations, both for and nonprofit organizations to step forward and leverage their capacities, their sack of tools, their boots-on-the-ground know-how, and then buddy up with NRCS and go out and get after it.    Again, coming back to the sage-grouse example, there is at least two RCPP projects that I am aware of, maybe three, which specifically calls out Endangered Species Act concerns where it is in Colorado, Oregon, and Nevada where we have RCPP projects in place that are being partner led, locally led, but it specifically is to address sage-grouse restoration needs. And again, it is because of the concerns about needing to maintain positive momentum to head off at the pass any cause for listing of the greater sage-grouse in the future. That is one example. There are others in the long leaf pine ecosystems of the Southeast where there are a lot of species, whether the red cockaded woodpecker--tortoise, and then there are all sorts of aquatic species, different mussels and fish that are at risk for listing also under the Endangered Species Act, and then specifically call out the importance of RCPP to leverage USDA and non-Federal investments to restore the long leaf pine ecosystem, for both forest product production, but also importantly for habitat for both at-risk and game species.    I think at least about \1/3\, if you look at all 199 projects, and they self-identify what the resource concerns are them. Off the top of my head, it is about \1/3\ of our projects to date where they specifically call out at-risk species habitat as one of the core criteria why they want this project to be successful.    The Chairman. Thank you. In addition to the farmers and ranchers, there are some 22 million family forest owners who own over \1/3\ of our forests and who grow almost 50 percent of the wood that we use in the United States. Unlike farmers and ranchers, often these owners aren't actively engaged in their land management, and we know that if they aren't actively managing their land, that this can cause issues such as insects, invasive species, non-invasive species, disease, infestations, wildfire threats. What innovative approaches is NRCS using to reach these owners and get them involved in production as well as conservation?    Mr. Weller. We talked a little bit about RCPP, but there are efforts also outside of that one program authority where we are really trying to work with State Foresters, but also non-Federal partners. Like in this case, it could be the U.S. Endowment for Forestry. There is a whole collaborative of folks, for example, like in the long leaf pine ecosystem again, that are focused on restoring the health of the long leaf pine forests. I mentioned in New England and your forests as well where there is a locally-led approach, whether it is a wildlife organization or forestry group. They have the ongoing expertise. They have the people in the field that can really help us reach those private landowners that we may not have relationships with, yet.    I am proud of our partnership, actually, with another Federal agency, in this case, the Forest Service. Historically, our agencies have sort of been ships passing in the night where we perhaps may not have worked as well together as we should have. We are now trying to be much more mindful and purposeful of working together on both sides of the property line, so when we go into a community, into a forest or a county or a watershed, we want to make sure if the Forest Service were going to go in and do wildfire treatments on their side of the property line, we also then get the private landowners access to EQIP and other financial assistance so they, too, can treat their forests. That whole basin is then protected and restored. And so we have almost over 40 projects now across the country where NRCS, Forest Service, State Foresters, and other partners are coming in, all contributing our money together, working on both sides of the private property line and the public property line to restore the health of the whole forest, treating it as a true forest as opposed to just different property owners.    The Chairman. Thank you, Chief. My time has expired.    I now recognize the gentlelady from New Mexico for 5 minutes of questioning.    Mr. Weller. We have been working very hard on soil carbon sequestration. I would not say we have worked with EPA, but we have worked with land-grant extensions with a lot of stakeholders in the agricultural community, and this is really part of our bigger perspective on soil health, where we are trying to understand better the biota that live below the surface soil as microbes and critters that live below the surface, and how important they are for helping plants in both pulling in the carbon, but also attenuates the residue and basically mulch it down and transform that plant residue into soil organic carbon.    And while we have a pretty good understanding of it, it is actually a burgeoning field. We are really partnering with a lot of scientists at both USDA and outside of the department, and the university research community to better understand those properties. We also have partnered with organizations to help, much like with the example I had on rice methane, where better management, for example, of pastures and grazing lands, how can livestock operators also take advantage of carbon markets. And so we have, again, through the Conservation and Innovation Grants Program, we have had some grants that help invest in that, help develop the protocols, so that if you have a grazing operation, how much carbon is actually being pulled out of the atmosphere by those pastures, by those rangeland vegetation, and ultimately store it in the carbon soil profile as carbon, soil organic carbon. And ultimately then, selling those credits to a carbon exchange.    And so one of the first examples of that was in North Dakota in partnership with General Motors. General Motors actually purchased and retired tens of thousands of carbon credits, based on these protocols that the Conservation and Innovation Grants helped develop. And so this is then payments from General Motors that ultimately end up with grazers, so they are ultimately going to get additional revenue source if you keep those working lands working.    Mr. Weller. Across the country? On that one example, it is just the initial pilot. GM didn't release how much money they spent on it, but it was in the millions of dollars. And ultimately, those ranchers are going to be getting an annuity payment. It is modest----    Mr. Weller. Well, what I have seen is really an evolution. We have done two rounds of awards, and we are actually about to hopefully release the announcement for the third round in the near future, in the next couple weeks. We feel we have really positive momentum, and the response from partners across the country have been great, so for every dollar that we could award into a project, a partner project and the demand was seven, eight-fold for that $1. It is very competitive. Which to me just shows that there is huge unlocked potential, untapped potential that really we can better harness, but people are also very excited. When you give them an opportunity to really take the lead and to design projects that work in their communities to your point, you are going to have much more enduring and a quicker success.    So from the first round, both----    Mr. Weller. From our experience, we are inherently a locally-led agency, so we really take to heart, first, understanding what the farmgate, what that producer wants to do in that community, that county with the local work group wants to do, and what are the priorities in that state. Really that is our history and our culture at the agency, but it fits well to a point you are making, yes.    Mr. Weller. From what I have heard, it is, but I don't want to overstate it is all positive. Of course, there are growing pains and some projects are quicker out of the gate than others. But, holistically, if you look at the projects, the overwhelming number of projects have been successful. Some producers, though, may be reluctant in a state like Michigan where they hear about this, but they are not sure who these partners are. They haven't heard of them, or they just don't want to work with--it could be they don't want to work with the government, they don't want to work with NRCS, or they don't want to work with a different partner for whatever reason. That may be a reluctance. And so what the program still allows the producer, if they don't want to work directly with the RCPP partnership, they can still come to the local conservation district and still get access to assistance directly that way.    There are ways that the Committee has built into the program so that you don't necessarily have to work with the partnership, you can work privately as an individual as well. Overall, I have heard the feedback from both our staff, but also producers around the country. It has been positive.    Mr. Weller. I will say that a voluntary approach is a great way to do conservation.    Mr. Weller. I do not know why they did not include appropriations for P.L. 83-566 in the 2016----    Mr. Weller. I don't know specifically why, but I can surmise. The President, to point in the 2016 budget, requested $200 million for P.L. 83-566, for the Watersheds Operations Program. Seeing that it was not successful, the Appropriations Committee did not appropriate any money to the program. In the 2017 budget, the President's budget includes no money for P.L. 83-566, but instead of taking money--in this case, $200 million for P.L. 83-566, for the first time what the President has done, not just President Obama, but a President, has not chipped, has not cut the farm bill conservation programs. There is zero cut to the EQIP Program, zero cut to Conservation Stewardship Program, zero cut to the easement program. It is the first time that has ever happened in a budget, which, easy to understand, Mr. Peterson, then for the budget process, they had to find money to make that happen. It was a decision, in the end, where to put that money and instead of P.L. 83-566 where it didn't get appropriations, they decided to keep that money in the farm bill programs.    Mr. Weller. Historically, it has been a hugely successful program. As you are probably aware, we helped install over 12,000 projects and facilities around the country in 48 states, so it has a very proud heritage. Unfortunately, it hasn't been funded. We have not received appropriations for 7, 8 years. But if you look back at the success of these projects, it has been very effective. A resuscitated, renewed program would be really powerful, and that is, in part, why the President included it in his 2016 budget, but also through your leadership, it is in RCPP, which is why we are now having some success at least doing the engineering work on those facilities, peach facilities in the Red River Valley.    Regarding the future, whether there is going to be future resources, that is up to both Congress in appropriations, and then for that specific project, they can reapply for the next phase so when we get ready for construction, they would be eligible to come back and reapply for RCPP funds in the future. It is a competitive program, but it is a great project. I can't guarantee, but they were successful----    Mr. Weller. Yes.    Mr. Weller. I can't specifically speak to what is happening with the Corps. I can only manage what I can manage, which is the NRCS side of that relationship, but I hear you, and I will follow up with our----    Mr. Weller. I have met with the Corps commander recently about that MOU from the national perspective, but as you understand it, it really depends on which Corps district you are in, and each district is different. It sounds like you need to do some follow-up with the Corps.    Mr. Weller. Will do.    Mr. Weller. Trying to identify who those non-operating land owners are, the absentee landlords, is a challenge for us and it is really, particularly on the conservation stewardship side, to your point, when they are not there on the land it is hard to know year to year what is actually happening in your forest or in your fields.    So we have tried some examples in some other states, not in the Southeast, but in the Midwest an initial try at this in three different states where we worked with the Farm Service Agency and we sent out mailers. They have lists of who the landlords are, and so we figured out who were the folks we wanted to actually touch, we hadn't heard from in a while. And we tried different methods, basically postcard mailings, to reach out to these landlords, and tried different techniques to try and get their interest. We actually had a pretty good response from folks. Once they understood that we really wanted to talk to them and were not there to take something and we are actually here to offer something, we received a pretty good response.    Mr. Weller. But a lot of times, as you know, those landlords also live out of state, so it is about reconnecting them back to their land or their property, and then trying to work out--we either go through their tenant, and oftentimes through their tenant is the best way to reach those landlords, equipping them with the tools--whether it is like that resource stewardship evaluation I showed earlier where you empower the tenant to then go to the landlord and say here is what I am going to do for your property. I will make it even better. Or I would like to flip that around and also try out working with the landlord, do you know what happened to your property while you were away? Here is where your property is being managed and where would you like to take it?    So trying to identify who those folks are, trying new techniques to get their attention, and then equipping the tenants with great information so they can then go talk to their landlord about investments maybe they can both jointly make to enhance the value of the property through better soil quality, or better forest health. We are trying a lot of different techniques, but it is a challenge that I will admit we are not yet fully up to speed on.    Mr. Weller. There is still a lot to do. It has been pretty modest so far.    Mr. Weller. Yes, we are. We are trying to work with the timber and the pine straw industries, understanding the importance for local cultural practices, but also economic opportunities. The best form of conservation is one that actually improves the bottom line of a landowner or business, and that is going to be the most enduring conservation treatment. And so it is helping, whether it is our previous conversation, an absentee landowner, or to the actual landowners who are there on site and working with the industry, how do you ensure the health of that forest so it can produce the pine straw long-term? What are the different practices, then we can come in to either do tree stand improvements, prescribe fire to ensure you are treating the undergrowth understory, but also ensuring the health of those forests, fire breaks, other practices we can put in place working with the industry and where to site those practices. Where are the priority areas that for the industry is important to restore the vitality of those stands? There are a lot of different ways we can approach it and tackle it, but yes, it is critical that we understand what the priorities are of industry, and if there are opportunities and then leverage. Does the industry know the contact information for a lot of those landlords, landowners, and they have ways to reach out to them and encourage them to participate in our programs in ways that we can't. It is a great collaborative approach.    Mr. Weller. Thank you.    Mr. Weller. Thank you very much, sir, and I hope it gives this Committee some comfort, but also the taxpayer comfort that their resources are being used wisely and well. Thank you.    The Chairman. Thank you very much.    I would like to welcome our next panel of witnesses to the table. I will give you a few minutes to get settled in, and then we will proceed.    The Chairman. I want to welcome our panel, and thank you so much for each of you of taking the time of coming here to present on this topic today. It is my pleasure to introduce our next panel of witnesses to the table.    We have Ms. Rachel Dawson, Senior Manager, Delaware River National Fish and Wildlife Foundation, Washington, D.C.; Mr. Frank Price, Owner of Frank and Sims Price Ranch in Sterling City, Texas; Mr. Rich Bowman, Director of Government Relations for The Nature Conservancy in Lansing, Michigan; and Mr. Kent Rodelius, Vice President of Agricultural Drainage Management Coalition in Willmar, Minnesota.    Welcome to each of you. Witnesses are reminded that the Members have your written testimony, and thank you for that. We had that ahead of time, and remind you to limit oral presentations to 5 minutes. All written statements are included in the record.    Ms. Dawson, please begin whenever you are ready.