    Chairman Weber. The Subcommittee on Energy will come to order.    And without objection, the Chair is authorized to declare recesses of the Subcommittee at any time.    And we want to welcome you to today's hearing entitled ``An Overview of Fusion Energy Science.'' I recognize myself for five minutes.    Today, we will hear from a panel of experts on the status of fusion energy science and learn about what can be done to advance this research and technology looking forward. We have two DOE national labs represented here today, as well as the ITER Organization. These experts represent the world's efforts to advance fusion energy science.    The Science Committee has bipartisan interest in fusion energy research and development, and we look forward to hearing from our witnesses today about the future of this very, very exciting research.    Fusion energy science is groundbreaking because researchers are working towards a goal that seems actually beyond reach: to create a star on Earth, to contain it, and control it to the point that we can convert the immense heat into electricity. Fusion clearly is high-risk yet high-reward research and development.    One of the Energy Subcommittee's key responsibilities is to maintain oversight of the research activities within the Office of Science. As the authorizing committee, we must also consider the prospects of future research investments.    The DOE's current budget request for fiscal year 2017 is approximately $398 million, a proposed cut from fiscal year 2016-enacted levels at $438 million.    Funding for fusion energy science has been on a downward trend over the past few years. This sends a signal of uncertainty to the fusion research community of America's commitment to lead in this science. Congress must decide how to effectively invest taxpayer dollars in basic research that provides the scientific foundation for technologies that today might seem impossible.    Today, we will hear testimony from Dr. Stewart Prager, Director of the Princeton Plasma Physics Laboratory, which is the nation's preeminent lab in fusion science. Under his leadership, Princeton's recent upgrade to its spherical tokamak--I keep wanting to say tomahawk, and I know that's not right--tokamak fusion reactor was completed on time and on budget. Dr. Prager, can you teach Congress how to do that with other programs?    I look forward to discussing with Dr. Prager what opportunities exist for the United States to play a larger role in fusion energy research and development.    I also look forward to hearing from Dr. Scott Hsu--am I pronouncing that right, Dr. Hsu--of Los Alamos National Laboratory. Dr. Hsu's work is a great example of how our experts responsible for maintaining the nation's nuclear weapons stockpile can apply their knowledge for an alternate use.    Of course, we're all interested to get a status update on--is it ITER or ITER? ITER, okay. With the complexity of a multinational collaboration like ITER, this project has faced more challenges than most. The Department of Energy will release its own assessment of this project in early May.    Fortunately, today, we have the opportunity to hear from the Director General of the ITER project directly, Dr. Bernard--is it Bigot?    Chairman Weber. Okay. Dr. Bigot's track record as the ITER Director General thus far has been stellar and inspiring. Dr. Bigot, we look forward to your testimony today.    It is important that this committee continues to scrutinize the progress of ITER to ensure that it remains a good investment of taxpayer dollars. We must also consider the importance of access to the ITER reactor for American researchers and America's standing and credibility as a global scientific collaborator. If the United States is going to lead the world in cutting-edge science, we cannot take our commitments to our international partners lightly, and we must not undermine progress on these complex projects.    I want to thank our accomplished panel of witnesses for testifying on fusion energy research and development today, and I look forward to a productive discussion about this exciting area of basic science.    Chairman Weber. I'll now yield to the Ranking Member.    Chairman Weber. Thank you, Mr. Grayson.    I now recognize Chairman Smith, the Chairman of the full committee. Mr. Smith?    Chairman Weber. Thank you, Chairman Smith.    Our witnesses today--our first witness is Dr. Bernard Bigot, Director General of the ITER Organization. Dr. Bigot received his bachelor's degree in mathematics from Claremont McKenna College and his MBA from Harvard Business School.    Our next witness today is Dr. Stewart Prager, Director of the Princeton Plasma Physics Laboratory. Dr. Prager received his Ph.D. in plasma physics from Columbia University.    And our final witness today is Dr. Scott Hsu, scientist in the Physics Division of the Los Alamos National Laboratory. Dr. Hsu received his Ph.D. in astrophysical sciences from Princeton.    I'm now going to recognize Dr. Bigot, Mr. Grayson, for five minutes to present his testimony, and he's going to tell us when they're going to get the fusion problem fixed.    Dr. Bigot, you're recognized for five minutes.    Chairman Weber. Thank you, Dr. Prager.    I now recognize Dr. Hsu for five minutes.    Chairman Weber. Without objection.    Chairman Weber. Thank you, Dr. Hsu. And, Dr. Bigot, when you earlier had your comments about the video, I thought you were offering that--to send that to our office, but we've got time to watch that video now if that's what you'd like to do.    Let's play that video.    Chairman Weber. You bet you.    Chairman Weber. Thank you, Dr. Bigot. I now recognize myself for five minutes.    Dr. Prager, I think you said that the fusion power may become actually a--you may have a pilot plant in ten years in your testimony? Elaborate on that.    Chairman Weber. Right.    Chairman Weber. Would that be on site where you are now?    Chairman Weber. Okay. Well----    Chairman Weber. Well, that--I mean, you're putting it--to the gentleman from Florida's question about we don't do this in our lifetime, you're putting a ten-year time frame on it, which, whether or not it's realistic--but that is a goal for us to shoot at and I'm encouraged to hear that.    Chairman Weber. No, I get it.    Chairman Weber. No, I get that.    Chairman Weber. Right.    Chairman Weber. I'm just hoping my friend from Florida will still be with us----    Chairman Weber. --in ten years.    Chairman Weber. Yes. You bet. So that--I was glad to hear that.    And, Dr. Prager, would you support Department of Energy's development of high-performance computational tools that would be accessible to the researchers in the private sector, academia, and at the national labs to be useful to the fusion community? Do you think that would help shorten that time frame to where we could develop that commercial energy power plant?    Chairman Weber. Dr. Hsu, does that help you?    Chairman Weber. Okay.    Chairman Weber. You're working on magnetized target fusion?    Chairman Weber. That's part of this and that would help you in that endeavor?    Chairman Weber. Okay. Very good.    And, Dr. Bigot, I'm going to come back to you. Thank you, by the way, for your success--early success as Director General in setting a time frame and a guideline. We really appreciate your efforts in that manner.    The fact that you've had success should instill confidence, but how can we help you--what needs to be done to increase the confidence in ITER that ITER will be on--will continue on that steady pace to realize its goals? What are your plans to make sure that you continue that pace?    Chairman Weber. Well, thank you for saying that. And we want you to view this committee as a resource because we want to be a source of encouragement and resource for you so that anything we can do to keep this project moving forward, we want to be able to be helped in.    I'm over my time. So thank you again for being here and your testimony.    And the Chair is going to recognize Alan Grayson.    Chairman Weber. I thank the gentleman and now recognize Mr. Knight from California for five minutes.    Chairman Weber. All right. Well, when this hearing is concluded, we'll all get--go to the airport.    I appreciate the gentleman yielding back, and the gentlelady from Massachusetts is recognized.    Chairman Weber. I thank the gentlelady, and Mr. Hultgren from Illinois is recognized for five minutes.    Chairman Weber. I thank the gentleman. And, Mr. Lipinski, I think you're up.    Chairman Weber. The gentleman yields back.    And Mr. Rohrabacher from California, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Weber. We're going to go ahead and move on.    Chairman Weber. I think the gentleman is yielding back. So I thank the gentleman, and we're going to move to Mr. Foster of Illinois.    Chairman Weber. Thank--you know, Bill, Yogi Berra said the problem with predictions is you're dealing with the future.    So the gentleman recognizes the gentleman from Georgia. Barry, you're up.    Chairman Weber. I thank the gentleman.    And the gentlelady from California is recognized.    Chairman Weber. I thank the gentlelady.    And I think the gentleman from Florida has some more questions.    Chairman Weber. Let me--Dr. Prager, let me break in here. You said satellites----    Chairman Weber. --to solve the material problems.    Chairman Weber. Could that be done in existing labs?    Chairman Weber. I yield back.    Chairman Weber. Mr. Foster, I think you had some more?    Chairman Weber. Dr. Prager, let me break in real quick.    Chairman Weber. Didn't you say Germany and China was a----    Chairman Weber. Japan, thank you.    Chairman Weber. Yes, sir, you bet.    Chairman Weber. Does the gentleman intend to wrap up here in about a minute or so?    Chairman Weber. I thank the gentleman.    I thank the witnesses for their valuable testimony and the members for their questions. The record will remain open for two weeks for additional comments and written questions from the Members. The hearing is adjourned.