    Mr. Lynch. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And thank you, Madam Chair. It is good to see you again. I was reading something recently in The Financial Times, Desmond Lachman of the American Enterprise Institute, and he talked about the appreciation of the dollar, we have a strong dollar, coupled with the substantial decline in international oil prices, and he said, ``Those factors could very well reduce U.S. inflation to about zero by the end of the 2015.'' He went on to write that it would seem reckless--this is his opinion--for the Federal Reserve to disregard such a prospect, especially at a time that recent political events in Greece and elsewhere are reminding us that the euro crisis is far from over.    Can you speak to the concerns about the possibility that inflation could dip well below your 2 percent target over the next year?    Mr. Lynch. ``Transitory'' is the key term there, though.    Mr. Lynch. And you think medium term, 2 to 3 years, is that--    Mr. Lynch. Thank you.    Mr. Lynch. You have been very thorough. I appreciate that. The next question I have is, under Dodd-Frank--this is something I supported, so I am to blame here--we were concerned about proprietary trading, so we put a provision where banks and covered funds would have to disassociate, and we actually require that they change their name so that there would be no confusion by the consumer that banks and funds are affiliated.    And so we are requiring a lot of these funds to change their names, which is visiting a significant cost on some of these funds. There is a reputational cost for the funds that have done well and now they have to change their names. Is there any less costly way, less damaging way to accomplish our goal which was to bifurcate these two entities?    Mr. Lynch. Okay.    Mr. Lynch. Yes.    Mr. Lynch. I can certainly understand where if you have a bank and then the fund is the same name with something added, the confusion would be palpable, but in some cases you have a bank and the fund is named--I won't use any examples, but there is no confusion between the bank and the fund, and yet there is still, because they were previously owned by the fund, excuse me, owned by the bank, they are being required to change their name, and there just has to be a better way about this, I think.    Mr. Lynch. I appreciate that. My time has expired. Thank you very much.