    Mr. Richmond. Thank you for coming and thank you for enduring several hours of testimony, so I will try to be very brief.    What I wanted to do in the beginning, Mr. Chairman, is ask unanimous consent to enter into the record a report from The Clemency Report which talks about 25 women deserving of clemency. Of interest to me would be of course Sharanda Jones and Danielle Metz. And I'd like to give it to you so that--a copy to you so that we can talk about it in the future. But there are cases where----    Mr. Richmond. Thank you. There are cases where women were sentenced to either natural life in jail or a really large number of years when they were not the actual kingpin, they were just either following their boyfriend or other things. And I really would like the Department to do something on that as we talk about criminal justice reform and move forward.    I represent the Second Congressional District of Louisiana, which is New Orleans, and we're under a very unique situation in which we have a consent decree for both our police department and our sheriff's department. And the cost of the implementation of those consent decrees are a large part of our city budget. And in an effort to make the police department more constitutional and the jail more constitutional, which are both laudable goals, we are sacrificing city services that would keep people from having to deal with the police or the sheriff's department. So it is almost we're doing something on our left hand to help, but we're depleting all of our resources on the right, so it's not helping. And we now have an increase in police response time that is almost an hour when you call 911.    So the question is, as you all decide Byrne grants and others and look at consent decrees, when you have a unique instance where you have more than one consent decree in a small jurisdiction, can you all help to provide resources so that we can, one, comply with the consent decree, but two, not lose critical services for our youth and our public to keep them safe at the same time?    Attorney General Lynch. Well, Congressman, I appreciate the question. Certainly our practice of being involved with local law enforcement jurisdictions in a host of areas, not just consent decrees but collaborative reform and technical assistance, is an important way in which we provide assistance to our colleagues there.    With respect to the New Orleans situation, again, I think every municipality does see these as a financial challenge and we certainly understand that. We view it as an investment in the future of constitutional policing and constitutional jails.    When a jurisdiction is involved with a consent decree they still are able to apply for grants and other programs and other--from other portions of the Department or any other agency. So it would not preclude the kind of assistance that you are talking about. And certainly I'm happy to have someone from our grantmaking arm reach out to your staff and talk about options there.    Mr. Richmond. Well, I would just say that because it's taking up such a disproportionate and large part of our city budget, we're having to raise taxes and we're having to cut services such as youth recreation and other things that would keep kids out of trouble in the first place. So we don't want to overstress constitutionality and then at the same time take opportunity away from kids. So to the extent that you all can help, whether it's grants or other things, we'd appreciate it.    Another thing is Attorney General Holder and Secretary Duncan sent out an advisory on the school-to-prison pipeline. And I would just hope that that's something that you all are going to follow up with. We had a bill, but it seems like school districts are still not getting the word that police are not the answer to a school discipline problem. So what are you all doing in that effort?    Attorney General Lynch. With respect to the school-to-prison pipeline, it is still a very important focus of the Department's civil rights efforts. We provide guidance to school districts and law enforcement organizations. We actually have a number of cases that were brought approximately 2, 2-1/2 years ago by the Civil Rights Division challenging school districts' disciplinary policies. And we are trying to provide assistance to reduce the zero-tolerance policies that tend to be the start of this problem.    That, in conjunction with providing appropriate training to law enforcement officers should schools choose to have school resource officers, is a way in which we hope will be helpful to every school district in dealing with these issues. Obviously, school districts have to have discipline. But just as obviously, the education and the future of the children really is the first priority.    Mr. Richmond. Two things as I close. One is to stress the importance of the COPS program and additional funding for community policing and other initiatives that would help.    The second two are requests. One would be to urge you to continue to work with the different district courts to push specialty courts, whether it's drug courts or reentry courts or other things that could help, would be very, very important.    And the other one is a request. Can your office get to me the statistics on the adjudicated deferral of convictions, the diversion program, how many people get accepted and what those demographics look like? Because I am very concerned that diversion programs are usually used for those who have means and those who have some sort of political connections or community connections, and that people who really need it don't get the benefit of the doubt to get accepted in it. So if I could get a year or 2 worth of data on diversion programs, who's admitted and what those demographics look like, who's rejected and what those demographics look like, I'd appreciate it.    Mr. Richmond. Thank you.