    Ms. Hall. Thank you, Chairman Kline, Ranking Member Scott, and members of the committee. Thank you for the opportunity to share my perspective on implementation of the Every Student Succeeds Act.    This perspective is informed by the Education Trust's long history of working alongside educators, advocates, and policymakers to close gaps and opportunity and achievement. Let me begin as we always do at the Ed Trust with some data.    In the year since we have had Federal requirements for annual testing, full public reporting, and serious accountability for the results of every group of children, results in the national assessment of education progress and high school graduation rates are up, especially for low-income students and students of color.    Now, of course, policies themselves do not close gaps and they do not raise achievement. Only the hard work of educators, students, and families can do that. But smart policy is a source of urgency to address problems that would otherwise languish and it is critical that we do not lose that urgency because, despite gains in the data, the data is also abundantly clear that far too many young people are still not getting the quality education they need and deserve.    So what does this all mean for ESSA implementation? In short, we need to pick up the pace of improvement, not back off. Thankfully, the law you crafted contains a number of important levers that can help with that, including statewide standards and assessments aligned with the demands of college and the workplace, accountability systems that expect more progress from groups of students who have been behind and prompt action when any group is struggling, and rich public reporting on academic outcomes, and opportunities to learn for all groups of students.    Implementing these levers must be done in a way that is responsive to unique State and local contexts and in a way that builds on the insights of educators and communities. But the need for State and local decision-making does not mean that from now on the U.S. Department of Education should simply recede into the background. Indeed the Department has the authority and the responsibility to ensure that the equity goals of ESSA are honored.    I will note here that the consensus reached on the assessment regulations during the negotiated rulemaking process is an important example of both confidence in the regulatory process and the need for clarification with the statute.    Looking to the Department's proposed regulations on accountability, public reporting, and State plans, they clarify and bolster the law's equity provisions in many important ways including the requirement that all indicators in the accountability system be desegregated by each group of students so schools cannot sweep the performance of some students under the rug; clarity that supergroups cannot take the place of individual student groups so progress among one group cannot match stagnation or declines for another, the prioritization of academic outcomes so the main purpose of schooling stays in focus; the expectation of full participation in State assessments so schools cannot return to the old practice of opting lower performers out on test day; and the requirement that all schools receive a summative rating so parents get an at a glance view of school performance.    Now, it is important here to dispel this emerging narrative that we can have either summative ratings or rich public reporting through dashboards, but not both. That is simply not true. Summative ratings can and should exist alongside rich public reporting of all of the data that goes into the ratings and measures beyond those ratings, too.    There are also areas where the proposed regs must be improved. For example, the definition of consistent underperformance for subgroups is essential to assuring that struggling students get the support they need, but some of the options for this definition undermine the expectation that when any group and any school is not making process, those students must get support. Instead, the option signal that it is okay to act only in some schools where students are struggling and leave students and others to languish.    The importance of rules to clarify and bolster ESSA requirements has been made clear. In recent months, States have begun their implementation efforts. Already, there have been suggestions that would undermine the intent of the law, such as including indicators that cannot be disaggregated or using supergroups in place of individual student groups.    We will work alongside partners in the business, civil rights, and disability communities to remain vigilant in ensuring the equity provisions of the law are upheld and we urge leaders in Congress and the Department to do the same. Thank you.    Ms. Hall. Absolutely. I think it is important to remember why that requirement is there in the first place, because of the value of the statewide annual assessments is to provide a common measuring stick that applies for all students across classrooms, schools, and districts.    If we do not have full participation either because students are opting out or because, as history has shown, schools are opting out low performers on test day, we undermine the value and credibility of that information.    When it comes to ensuring that test participation is clear in the school accountability system, it can happen in a number of ways, including making that clear in the rating as a school that was previously going to get, for example, an A could become a B. There are options that are allowed for States, but I believe that it is incredibly important to make sure that the value of the information in the accountability system is not undermined by having only some of the students participate in the assessment and if there is low participation, that must be clear.    Ms. Hall. Absolutely, and I will start by saying we appreciate your leadership on efforts to support States and to confirm States to audit assessments and eliminate low-quality, duplicative, unaligned assessments. We know that there are too many assessments in some of our districts right now and that is a waste of money and, worse, it is a waste of time both for teachers and for students, and we appreciate your support on that.    That said, it is important not to go too far, right? We do need that consistent measure from an assessment that is aligned with State standards to be able to tell educators, tell parents, to tell policymakers how every student is doing relative to State-set standards and that allows to identify both of those students, those schools, those districts that are struggling to target resources and support to those areas. It also allows to identify consistently students, schools, districts that are doing an exceptional job, particularly with low-income students, students of color, English learners, and students with disabilities.    Those are areas that we both need to celebrate and we need to learn from because they are getting the kinds of results of all students through high levels that is the goal of all of our work here.    Ms. Hall. I think we heard the Secretary talk many times about the importance of stakeholder engagement and getting feedback through this entire implementation process, and I believe that there are many instances where the Department has made good on that and is continuing to make good on that.    We also heard the Secretary talk about putting guardrails in place, but still allowing State and local decisions in key places and I believe that the regulatory kind of proposal in many instances allows for that.    One of the examples that he talked about was identifying schools that are consistently underperforming based on State-set goals, not federally prescribed goals, but those that are based on an analysis of State data. We really appreciated that.