    Mr. MESSINGER. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, Congresswoman Velazquez, and my congressman, Congresswoman Adams. Good to see you.    Thank you for the opportunity to testify today as the president of Power Curbers, Inc., a 62-year-old company that was founded in Salisbury, North Carolina. I am also appearing today on behalf of the National Association of Manufacturers, the largest industrial trade association in the United States, with over 14,000 members.    Power Curbers was founded by two businessmen with a design for the world's first automatic curb machine. This engineering breakthrough helped streamline the process of laying out highways, medians, and other road infrastructure projects. While we still produce machines using the same curbing technology, we have grown into one of the leading paving machinery manufacturers for both agriculture and infrastructure projects.    Power Curbers' success in the United States has been fueled in substantial part by our ability to sell overseas. Since the early 1960s, we have been exporting our equipment and have exported now to over 90 countries throughout the world. By exporting, we are simultaneously helping create safer, more efficient infrastructure overseas and supporting good paying manufacturing jobs in North Carolina and Iowa.    International sales and exports comprise 40 percent of our total revenue and are critical to our continued innovation and growth. More broadly, exports support 154,000 jobs in North Carolina, and 81,000 jobs in Iowa, more than 20 percent of each state's manufacturing employment. For example, on our order board today, we have machines of approximate value of $350,000 to $400,000 destined for Chile, Panama, Saudi Arabia, Japan, the Philippines, India, Uzbekistan, and Canada. More importantly, during the financial crisis, it was our international business that kept us going. Our international business was 70-80 percent of machine sales those five years.    We do not just talk international business, we live it at Power Curbers. At our regular meetings with employees, we have a large world map of the world in our break room. Our employees know where every machine ships and we bring back pictures and job stories to share our success overseas. This ties them to the work done with our machinery that is far beyond our borders so they know their jobs are dependent on our international business success.    Additionally, we have significant competition in our industry, and that makes us all better companies. But our company and our American competitors face real tariff competition, which is highlighted in my official testimony. To continue to thrive, manufacturers like Power Curbers need to see open markets and a more level playing field.    I would like to focus on a few key trade issues on which Power Curbers and the NAM are focused to grow competitiveness and success of our manufacturers overseas. As was just stated, the U.S. has the most open market of any major economy with the lowest tariffs of any country in the G20. Indeed, more than two-thirds of all manufactured imports entered the U.S. duty-free in 2013, yet manufacturers in the U.S. face steeper trade barriers abroad than virtually any major country, including Mexico, China, and Europe, largely because those countries have entered into more market access agreements than the United States. Out of 138 countries measured by the World Economic Forum, the United States faces higher tariffs than all but eight countries. All but eight countries. That is ridiculous.    Why are European Union tariffs so much lower than ours? Because they have entered into free trade agreements all over the world. Congress can and must do more to expand U.S. manufactured goods exports and open new markets if we are going to grow manufacturing and the jobs it supports in the United States.    Passage of TPA, which lapsed in 2007, is critical to restore U.S. leadership on trade and help ensure the negotiation of strong market-opening agreements that foster new opportunities and a more level playing field for our nation's manufacturers. The United States is now sitting on the sidelines as other countries move forward and more aggressively open markets, promote exports for their business at the expense of ours.    By standing still, the U.S. is falling behind in the global economy. It is time to reverse that trend and move to enact and implement legislation and programs that will boost America's global competitiveness.    Thank you very much.    Mr. MESSINGER. Well, as it was said, TPP, which is kind of the hottest topic under TPA, is the most far-reaching agreement that we have ever encountered, and because Asia is such a rapidly-growing part of the world, it is going to mean huge advantages to us because we have Chinese competitors. They are exporting today to those countries, and it is going to mean through that reduction in tariff, it is going to mean--we are very aggressive in the international market--job growth for us. But more importantly, if you look at the statistics for manufacturing jobs in this country, they have grown every year outside of the financial crisis, of course, but every year consistently since NAFTA. So manufacturing jobs are going to continue to grow, and I would predict rapidly with the approval of TPP.    Mr. MESSINGER. I would agree with that. I am not current on currency manipulation issues. It would be difficult for me.    Mr. MESSINGER. I would completely agree with that. We are not going to have an opportunity to get to those subjects until we have a trade agreement with these folks.    Mr. MESSINGER. Absolutely.    Mr. MESSINGER. Absolutely. It is critical to small manufacturers.    Mr. MESSINGER. Thank you.    As you know, the Department of Commerce has an outstanding export promotion office. In our early years we used them extensively. In addition, states have really good export offices, North Carolina in particular. I think there are adequate tools available if manufacturers will seek them out to help them promote exports. And I would further say that Ex-Im Bank is a tool that from time to time we have found critical in competing with our German competitor. And so I think reauthorization of Ex-Im would go a long way towards helping us compete.    Mr. MESSINGER. Yeah. Further to Ex-Im, and I do not know the agency and its balance sheet financial statement, but as I understand it, they return a substantial amount of money to the U.S. Government through their loan guarantees. Ex-Im supports far, far more small businesses than they do larger manufacturers. I know that the total volume of Ex-Im guarantees cover larger manufacturers, but without Ex-Im reauthorization, a lot of smaller people like ourselves get cut off from opportunities overseas.    Mr. MESSINGER. Well, I think the opportunities for all businesses exist with these agreements. I happen to believe that with free trade, open trade, relations improve between countries. I think we have seen that time and again. So I am fully supportive of that.    Mr. MESSINGER. Well, first of all, some of the enforcement change would be changes to U.S. law. They would not necessarily be in the trade agreements. We are just taking advantage of this opportunity while we are passing TPA or TPP, make these small changes to U.S. law and regulations at the same time. So I think that is possible.    Another issue that we talked about is state-owned enterprises and how you address that. My understanding is that the TPP does, for the first time, address the problem of state-owned enterprises competing with U.S. companies around the world, and it would allow U.S. companies and the U.S. Government to get information. So if they see unfair competition in China or a third country, or even here in the United States, they can get information on that and they can raise it in dispute settlement in the trade agreement itself. So you have to make the dispute settlement process work in that trade agreement to be able to enforce it.    Mr. MESSINGER. We do not have any system for addressing state-owned enterprises.    Mr. MESSINGER. Exactly. Now, that we have tried to address at the World Trade Organization with mixed results.    Mr. MESSINGER. Well, first of all, I am not familiar with that association and their work. As I testified earlier, the history of trade agreements and job growth in the manufacturing sector is very clear. We have continued to grow manufacturing jobs. Even in Korea, manufacturing jobs were increased. Part of the issue in Korea is that the economy collapsed.    Mr. MESSINGER. It is hard to say. I am not a legislator. I have not seen the details of a bill. The main interest that we have is tariff reduction. And as I testified, we are facing--we open our markets to everybody seemingly and yet we are closed in so many opportunities overseas. So that is the most important issue to us.    Mr. MESSINGER. We cannot keep up with all of that. You know, we are a small company. We do what is right. We build machinery that is compliant with European standards, all international standards, and support it with outstanding service, and that is really all we can do.    Mr. MESSINGER. Well, as I said earlier, I think the Department of Commerce has outstanding resources. Many of the states have tremendous programs, and quite frankly, a lot of our international market intelligence just comes from the Internet. You just get on and start asking questions and looking around and it is amazing what you can find.    Mr. MESSINGER. Wow, that is a good question.    For the most part if is the energy and the money that we might have available at any point in time to attack that market. We assess a market by its financial conditions. Do they have enough foreign exchange? Are they earning enough foreign exchange that the labor machine ratio favors machinery versus hand labor? If it does, then we are going to go out and see if we can scratch something in the dirt and make something happen. So it is probably not a limitation other than just the local economy.    Mr. MESSINGER. What I have found in talking with manufacturers that do not do a lot of exporting is that there is some times a fear of the unknown, yet there are opportunities for just about everyone overseas. Unless you have a desire to start really looking overseas, you certainly are not going to find it. But as I mentioned earlier, get on the Internet, pose some questions, look in your industry at what might be going on, and it is unbelievable what you can find.    Mr. MESSINGER. Absolutely. As my testimony indicated, we are given our market and we are not getting that much in return at times.