    Mr. Keating. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Congratulations, Admiral. Thank you for your service with the Coast Guard and thank you for your comments here today. Certainly stressing accountability and doing the kind of work you did in review. It is a difficult assignment but I think you are right on target.    I just want to concentrate on one area which has been something I have brought up for the last several years that represents, I think, a tremendous security issue regarding our airports and that is the perimeter security issue.    Dating back from the time I was a district attorney in Massachusetts, there was a case of a 15-year-old--young 15-year-old boy stowing away on a commercial airline from Charlotte Douglas and tragically losing his life over Milton, Massachusetts, when the landing gear went down. The fact that he penetrated that security aroused the concern.    But we have followed that issue forward and just to put it in perspective, from 2001 to 2011, there were 1,388 perimeter security breaches in our 450 domestic airports. What is troubling, among other things, is that the joint vulnerability assessments as the risks seem to be getting greater, are going down.    Just to give you an idea, from 2004 to 2008, there were 60 of those assessments for our 450 airports. From 2011 to 2013, that was reduced to 30 assessments annually. In 2014, only 12 of those assessments were covered.    That is--that means 97 percent of our Nation's airports weren't reviewed for security risk despite the fact that we have had time and time again whether it is in Chicago or Philadelphia or Los Angeles or, again, in Charlotte Douglas, in New York, we have had these kind of breaches that have occurred. Scores of them have been people that have reached access to the runway and the airports and their refueling areas as well. If a 15- or 16-year-old can penetrate our security--in one instance not even go detected after they reviewed it--then we are vulnerable.    If they can do that and stow away themselves, someone with a different motivation could stow away an explosive on those airlines and not even risk their lives doing it.    I hesitate to keep saying this publicly because I don't want to give people ideas but nothing has been done in terms of progress.    That is why when I wrote you congratulating you on your assignment--I was very pleased to get a response--a timely response back just this month, I appreciate that--where you are identifying this as a priority.    I just want to ask you where you are going with that because it is important and I also--the Chairman and I, when we were working together in Homeland, we had a field hearing and one thing that was so obvious to us was the fact that there is a huge jurisdictional issue at these airports. If things go wrong, they end up pointing the fingers at each other.    They are run by municipal airport organizations, they are run by authorities, and this jurisdiction battle unresolved, even when the Federal Government comes in and said with these assessments, you have things you have to clean up. You have dangers that are here. They don't do it and no one seems to make them do it.    So when you are doing that review, the other thing I think we have to clear up is this jurisdictional issue and if people are going to be safe, they are going from one airport to another. They are in the network. So you are only as good as your weakest link. We are not even assessing more than 3 percent of those airports for safety.    So I want to just give you a minute that is left just to try and expand upon what you wrote me about going forward and dealing with this issue and to try and deal also with this jurisdictional problem that we have.    Mr. Keating. Well, thank you, Admiral.    I must tell you, I am optimistic, given your background in the Coast Guard, understanding perimeter issues the way you do, that we are going to meet with some success. I look forward to working with you. If you could report to myself and the committee what your progress will be on this, we deeply appreciate it. Thank you. I yield back.