    Mr. Barton. Well, thank you, Mr. Chairman, and I welcome the Commission to the Energy and Commerce Committee.    So far, nobody is asking one question about your budget, which is, theoretically, why we are here. And I am going to continue that tradition and not ask you any questions about the budget.    My question, though, is extremely serious, actually. This morning we had three explosions rock Brussels airport and metro station. We think at least 26 people have been killed. There are over 100 that have been injured. The last time the Commission was before this subcommittee was just after the Paris attack and I asked Mr. Wheeler then what the committee could do in conjunction with the FCC to try to counter these terrorist attacks in the way that they use the internet to broadcast their terrorism.    Mr. Commissioner, Chairman, you mentioned that maybe the Congress needed to update the definition of what a lawful intercept is under CALEA. Have you all looked at that since you were before the committee? If so, do you have any recommendations for the committee?    And I want to be clear, I am not trying to ask the FCC to shut down the Internet but I do think that in an open society you can strike a balance between openness and protecting the public good. So, I am going to ask the question to the chairman but if the other commissioners want to chime in, you are very welcome to.    Mr. Barton. ok. Any of the other commissioners want to comment? ok.    Something a little bit more mundane, this issue of set top boxes, which the chairman alluded to and Congresswoman Blackburn alluded to. I am co-chair with the Privacy Caucus here in the House. And there is real concern that you are going to make it possible, perhaps inadvertently, to allow the collection of large amounts of data, perhaps even megadata without the consent or knowledge of the customer or of the client.    Mr. Chairman, you were not real forthcoming to our subcommittee chairman, Mr. Walden. Can you at least acknowledge that it is an issue and you have got very cognizant to try to whatever the Commission does, protect the legitimate privacy rights of the individual?    Mr. Barton. ok, my time has expired. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.