    Mr. Levin. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Levin. It is Levin, Mr. Chairman    Mr. Levin. Not a problem.    Mr. Levin. Thank you. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Thank you for your kind introduction. I thank the Members of the Subcommittee for their attention here today.    I want to reiterate that as chair of the National Bankruptcy Conference, I am speaking here today only on behalf of the Conference, not on behalf of my own views or the views of my law firm, Jenner & Block, or the views of any clients of Jenner & Block.    You have our written statement, Mr. Chairman, which I understand will be included in the record. It covers many more things than I will address today orally, but I want to highlight a few points.    First, I would like to describe that the National Bankruptcy Conference is in general agreement with what Mr. Bernstein and Mr. Hessler have already said. There is a lot of--as there is within the Subcommittee--there is a lot of agreement within the financial and bankruptcy community about many terms of this bill. It was very carefully crafted and constructed to address many of the concerns that had been addressed, especially with respect to financial contracts.    That said, the National Bankruptcy Conference, which generally supports bankruptcy legislation, has concerns about the workability of this legislation considered in an isolated form. But what has happened over the last several years since the financial crisis is that many other structures have arisen that make this bill much more workable than it would have been had it been enacted say in 2009 or 2010, the single point of entry concept development, the provisions in financial contracts that provide for nontermination upon the guarantor's or the parent guarantor's bankruptcy and many other things that Mr. Bernstein and Mr. Hessler have addressed, but the Conference nevertheless is concerned about the workability of this legislation.    We do not oppose it. We are not, I will say, vigorous supporters of it. We are, I think, mild supporters of the legislation as a good alternative for the reasons that Mr. Hessler just described. But let me describe the few concerns that we have.    One is that the, the regulators in every other financial area of stockbrokers, insurance companies, usually have the speed and the agility and the expertise to take over and resolve a distressed financial institution. Here we are talking about the holding companies where the regulators, in normal times, have a lot of expertise. Bankruptcy courts do not have that expertise. They are going to be asked to move very quickly over what we call a resolution weekend. We all recognize that things have to move that fast. And we think that therefore the regulators should continue to play a major role in this process.    The judicial supervision is useful for transparency and due process, we agree with that, but we do not believe that given the speed that is required and the time it takes to get educated about the intricacies and complexities of these institutions that all of this can be put upon even a well trained bankruptcy judge and that the regulatory role is still very important in the process.    We believe it's also important because of cross border issues. Regulators in other countries are much more comfortable dealing with the regulators that they have worked with for years in supervising these institutions rather than with an unknown bankruptcy judge who might be every bit as qualified and capable as the regulators but is not a known quantity and therefore would create uncertainty and therefore risk.    So the next point is that--the point on involuntary petitions. We are concerned about due process with the amount of time that is available to deal with involuntary petitions, and we favor the voluntary route. I think we can witness the Lehman experience, which in a voluntary petition works, that we don't need a regulator in a voluntary because the regulators have enough tools to persuade management and a board of directors that a voluntary petition is necessary. So we support the idea of voluntary use of Subchapter V.    We are concerned about the lender of last resort issue. We know that's outside this Committee's jurisdiction, so I won't spend much time on it other than to say we think its availability will obviate the need for its use, and that's an important point.    And finally, we do support the provision in this bill, which was not--which has not been in some other proposals, that this proceeding take place before bankruptcy judges who are expert in financial reorganization rather than before the district court who does not have the same expertise as the bankruptcy court.    With that, Mr. Chairman, I'm happy to address any questions the Committee might have.    Mr. Levin. Fair point, Mr. Chairman. I'd note, however, that in a lot of these areas, even in the bankruptcy courts, the decisions are discretionary, and therefore, to a large degree, subjective. The courts set out broad rules for what kinds of transactions are permitted, but within those broad rules, there is tremendous subjectivity in their application. And I would note that the regulators themselves have begun adopting regulations on how this process would work, so it is controlled as well. If you have the combination of the regulators and the bankruptcy court supervising this process, I think you get the best of both worlds in that area.    If I might follow up on Mr. Hessler's last----    Mr. Levin . Remark. There is a real--there is a dividing line that's very important in the single point of entry concept. The dividing line is the transfer of the operating assets to the bridge company.    From that point, what goes on in the bankruptcy case is purely bankruptcy. It's not regulatory. It's not financial institution. The financial institution has been moved to the bridge company, and the bridge--what's going on in the bridge company is totally outside of the bankruptcy realm. It should be a healthy operating financial institution that will be subject to regulatory control.    I think Subchapter V, meaning no pun, bridges that nicely and separates them and therefore works to facilitate both systems in due process and transparency and protection of creditors and protection of systemically important--protection of the system with a systemically important financial institution, and that, I think, addresses the fourth of Mr. Hessler's points that he made.    Mr. Levin. Yes. I haven't--the bill was introduced this week, and I haven't had a chance to review it, but my understanding was that it does not affect the regulators' other authorities for liquidation.    Mr. Levin. Possibly. It's a far riskier proposition. Mr. Bernstein notes that the banks are far better capitalized now than they were 6 or 7 years ago, very true. I would expect that a SIFI that winds up in Subchapter V probably would not be as well capitalized as most banks are today, and therefore, there would be a need for liquidity. That liquidity might be supplied by the recapitalization of the subsidiaries when they are transferred over to the bridge company and they're recapitalized by contribution of the parent from the assets, but at the same time it might not be adequate and therefore liquidity could be important.    To the extent it's a bank subsidiary, the Federal Reserve discount window provides that. To the extent it's a broker/dealer or an insurance company or another kind of financial institution such as a derivatives trading institution, there is no apparent source of liquidity, and that could create risk in the bridge company.    As I said earlier, and this is the important point to stress, the market is less likely to run if it knows the liquidity facility is there than if there isn't one. If the market knows that the liquidity facility is there, people will feel protected, and therefore, there will be less need for a liquidity facility. I sometimes characterize it as akin to our nuclear arsenal. The fact that we have it means that we don't have to use it.    Mr. Levin. Subchapter V would address most of the problems that Title II would address. The fact that it was there and Dodd-Frank says that bankruptcy is the preferred alternative might make bankruptcy workable and probably will make bankruptcy workable in that circumstance. But none of us is prescient enough to know all of the bad things that could happen in a rapidly evolving crisis. And I don't have a specific answer for the particular circumstances that might require a different regulatory regime than Subchapter V, but what is called the triple key entry for Title II as well as the statutory preference for bankruptcy, we think it's useful to have that backup which would only be used in the most extreme circumstances, which are difficult to imagine and lay out at this point.    The fact is, the banks are well capitalized now. Things are going pretty well. This is not likely to be used for many years. We don't know what the system will look like several years from now if and when it ever becomes necessary for a SIFI to be resolved in a crisis situation. So that--I think that is what lies behind our position more than any specific circumstances.    Mr. Levin. I don't disagree with that, but as I said a moment ago, Mr. Farenthold, had anybody asked us this question in the 1990's, we would have given the same answer.    Mr. Levin. If I may add, Mr. Chairman, the fact that the ISDA has adopted this protocol that provides a stay in the financial contract itself of 48 hours shows exactly the opposite kind of creditor behavior. The creditors are helping to facilitate the process.    Mr. Levin. Yes, Mr. Conyers.    Mr. Levin. An involuntary petition is like any lawsuit. It entitles the defendant, here the alleged debtor, to a defense. The amount of time necessary available for a resolution, we call it the resolution weekend, is so short that there really can be no meaningful defense. And there can be no meaningful appeal if the transfer process to the bridge company is to occur over a resolution weekend in response to an involuntary petition. So we think it undercuts due process to allow an involuntary bankruptcy petition.    As I said earlier in my openings statement, we believe the regulators have enough tools at their hands to persuade a board of directors why it is important to file a voluntary petition at the beginning of a resolution weekend, rather than go through the contested in voluntary process. And we think that will suffice to protect the system.    Mr. Levin. We don't think it is a bailout because of the nature of lender-of-last-resort funding. Lender-of-last-resort funding has three requirements; one, that there be good collateral so that the lender, whether it is the Federal Reserve, or the Federal Government, or whether it is some other Federal corporation or agency is fully protected by the collateral it receives.    The second is that the interest rate be what is referred to in literature as a punitive interest rate so that it is higher than--so there is no desire to access it for convenience. And for a moment I'm drawing a blank on the third and I'm going to ask Mr. Bernstein to help me on the third requirement.    Mr. Levin. That was----    Mr. Levin. In any event, the point is this is not a bail out in the sense that the Federal Government or any agency is contributing money, taking an equity position, taking an equity risk. This is helping the financial institution take valuable assets that it has and make them liquid until those assets can be sold in a orderly market, rather than be dumped at fire sale prices and depress the market for everybody.    Mr. Levin. I don't think a bankruptcy is a reward for irresponsible behavior whether or not there is a lender of last resort.    Mr. Levin. I'll tell you that the Conference had the view back in 2009 and 2010 of great concern about the regulators being able to do what you just described. But I think we've all learned a lot in 5 years, and the regulators have learned a lot. And we've watched them evolve in their thinking and learn and write regulations so they are in a much better position now to deal with this kind of circumstance than they would have been 5 or 6 years ago. But with that said, I want to go back to what I said in my opening statement. I think Subchapter V gives us the best of both worlds.    The bankruptcy judge does not have enough knowledge about the company to be able to do it alone--the regulator--and does not have enough knowledge about the systemic affects of whatever is done. The regulators do not have the same process and remove that a bankruptcy judge has. And by combining the efforts of the two of them, I think you get a much better result than one alone. And this applies only to the resolution weekend and the transfer to the bridge. That's where the important difficult decisions have to be made. After that happens, the bankruptcy judge is fully well qualified to handle all of the rest of the case.    Mr. Levin. Oh, yes, definitely. I mean there are parts of the Bankruptcy Code, Subchapter IV of Chapter 11 railroad reorganization is very rarely used, one case recently, nobody could have envisioned in 1978 what a Chapter 9 of Detroit might have looked like in 2013. So we have to think way into the future, and there's going to be uncertainty whichever way we go.    Mr. Levin. We sometimes refer to what Title II does as requiring management to sign its own death warrant.    Mr. Levin. Nothing to add. The Conference agrees with both of those.