    Ms. Brown. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And you know, I am going to be real brief, because I want to give--safety is the number-one thing that I am concerned with. And the last time the Government went to a private agency for their assistance was in--with Amtrak. And then we nickel and dime Amtrak to death. I know no one remembers that.    And in 1988 President Reagan partially privatized the air traffic controllers, and we are still recovering.    I have been supportive of the air traffic controllers the entire time I have been in Congress. But I am concerned with what is being proposed here today, because we have a system--yes, when we passed it in 1995, it was very slow getting started. But they are moving forward. The idea that we would compromise safety in any way--and someone up there made the statement that they are concerned about the traveling public, that is our responsibility, to make sure that we have the safest system, the safest system. That is my responsibility.    I travel twice a week, and I can tell you I have seen several specials on the near misses. And if it is a near miss, then we need to make sure that we give the system the money or the assistance they need to get it done. But to go completely--turn it over to a nonprofit, I just can't fathom that.    And let me just tell you what people ask me about is that when US Airways and American Airlines merged, we don't have curbside service, or that you have to pay $1,000 for a one-way ticket to Jacksonville. I mean that is the kind of issues that the public concerns itself with. They don't have to worry about safety.    And I want to start with Mr. Bolen. Can you tell us about safety? Because that is our number-one responsibility.    Ms. Brown. Do you think, in privatizing the system, we would compromise that safety?    Ms. Brown. Mr. Poole? Safety?    Ms. Brown. Yes, sir?    Ms. Brown. You mentioned also training, diversity, and--you know, I have met with several air traffic controllers over a period of years, and they have talked about what the additional--what they need. I mean to think that we could have a system, and that you all could be operating and the rest of the airport is closed is not going to happen.    Ms. Brown. How do you think privatizing will enhance that?    Ms. Brown. Why can't we do it with our present system? I yield back the balance of my time.