    Mr. Scott. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. Wormuth, my question is for the admiral and general, but I would like to say I am interested in any language suggestions that would cut this ridiculous appeals process that I think is one of the problems with us fielding the equipment. And some of these games that get played, if you will, from the people who are purchasing the equipment from--that slow down our ability to field the equipment I think is one of the reasons that the other countries are able to catch us, if you will. They don't have to deal with that bureaucratic process. And that is a pretty simple thing I think we could put an end to that would help national security.    Gentlemen, I represent Robins Air Force Base and the airmen and the women that fly and operate the JSTARS aircraft. Last year we had worked with the Air Force, there was a proposal to retire six of the E-8, since you know they are old aircraft, with old technology, and to begin the recapitalization of a new plane with a more modern radar that would give you more information.    There was a proposal for a business class jet. I understand there has been a new analysis, a demand from the combat commanders, a decision is made to keep the entire fleet operational at this point. I would like for you to speak to the value of the JSTARS, how it benefits each of your missions.    And then the Air Force's analysis of the alternatives for the JSTARS and the recapitalization concluded that a manned aircraft was necessary and absolutely essential. And the Korea Command and Pacific Command both have benefitted from this manned platform and the on-board battle management provided by the JSTARS. And can you discuss the extent to which your command's ISRs or requirements are being met?    General Scaparrotti. Yes, sir. Thank you for that question.    My top priority in terms of my requirements and requests through Department of Defense has been ISR. And specifically that aircraft, the JSTARS, is one that I need greater capability in terms of JSTARS, primarily because it provides us the MTI, Movement Target Indicator, and it allows us to queue, my other assets. So it doesn't work alone, it works in tandem with the other assets that are airborne. And I could use more than I have today.    I appreciate the fact that the Air Force, because of the budgeting, needs to get a newer aircraft, but I appreciate the fact that they are retaining what we have, because even the loss of hours of the one that I have today would make a difference in my indicators and warnings on the peninsula.    Mr. Scott. One of my concerns is, as you are forced to make, through all of the DOD and the agencies, as you are forced to make decisions based on the sequester instead of based on what the national security needs are, is that we end up with Army standing up for Army, and Navy standing up for Navy, and Air Force for Air Force. And we just need to make sure that those platforms, those ISR platforms that we use that operate across those what should be imaginary lines, if you will, don't get sacrificed.    And, I just, I appreciate all of you and what you do for our country and look forward to continuing to work with you to provide those JSTARS and that ISR platform.    And, ma'am, if you have suggestions on language that will stop that bureaucratic problem, we would happy to work with you in the NDAA to put it in there.    Mr. Scott. With that, Mr. Chairman, I yield back.