    Mr. DeSantis. Subcommittee on National Security and the Subcommittee on Healthcare, Benefits, and Administrative Rules convenes today to review the President's executive actions on immigration.    On November 20, 2014, just 2 weeks after the 2014 midterm elections, President Obama made far-reaching unilateral changes to our Nation's immigration policy, despite saying on over 22 different occasions that he did not have the authority to do so. In his address on that day, the President said that: We're a Nation of laws. Those who broke our immigration laws must be held accountable, especially those who are dangerous. That's why over the past 6 years, deportations of criminals are up 80 percent. And that's why we're going to keep focusing enforcement resources on actual threats to our security. We will prioritize, just like law enforcement does every day.    The administration's actions, however, have not matched the President's rhetoric. According to documents provided to the House Judiciary Committee by DHS in April of this year, ICE arrests of criminal illegal aliens has declined 32 percent from the same period a year before, with 51,337 administrative arrests of criminal aliens in fiscal year 2015 compared to 75,171 arrests in the same period in fiscal year 2014. Those declines occurred across the board of criminal offenses. We have recently learned that between fiscal year 2010 and fiscal year 2014, 121 criminal illegal immigrants were charged with homicide following their release from ICE custody. The administration failed to remove these criminals from the United States. And 64 of those were released by ICE at its own discretion, not pursuant to any court order.    It was also revealed that the administration has repeatedly released the same criminal aliens. At our March 19 hearing on the President's executive actions, the committee discussed the fact that in fiscal year 2013 ICE released 36,007 criminals, convicted criminals, that were in its custody. And we have learned that 1,000 of those criminals who were released have already been convicted again of new crimes.    And if that were not bad enough, we have since learned that ICE released 156 of those repeat offenders again into American communities instead of returning them to their home country.    Plainly, the President's assertion his administration will keep focusing enforcement resources on actual threats to our security is not--is contradicted by those facts. Simply put, the President's policy changes are not doing a good job of protecting the safety of the American people.    Now, the legality of the immigration policy change has been called into question both by this Congress and by the Federal courts. And, in fact, on February 16, a Federal judge ruled that the administration failed to comply with the law when they implemented the President's executive action. In a subsequent order, on April 7, that same judge stated that he was, quote, ``extremely troubled by multiple representations made by the government's counsel, both in the writing and orally, about the administration's implementation of the revisions to his immigration policy.''    Taken as a whole, these facts make it clear that the President's unilateral changes are failing to achieve the stated purpose of protecting the American people. They also call into question the legality of certain actions taken by the administration in implementing those changes, and these are changes both in terms of the policy effect and the legality that they--that we will review today.    Without objection, the chairman is authorized to declare a recess at any time.    I now recognize the ranking member of the National Security Subcommittee, Mr. Lynch, for 5 minutes.    Mr. DeSantis. I thank the gentleman from Massachusetts.    The chair now recognizes the chairman of the Health Care, Benefits, and Administrative Rules Subcommittee, Mr. Jordan, for his opening statement.    Mr. DeSantis. Gentleman yields back.    The chair now recognizes my friend from Pennsylvania, the ranking member on the Health Care, Benefits, and Administrative Rules Subcommittee, Mr. Cartwright, for his opening statement.    Mr. DeSantis. Gentleman yields back. Thank you.    I will hold the record open for 5 legislative days for any members who would like to submit a written statement.    We will now recognize our witnesses. And I'm pleased to welcome Ms. Sarah Saldana, Director of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement; Mr. Leon Rodriguez, Director of U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Service; and Mr. John Roth, inspector general at the U.S. Department of Homeland Security.    Welcome all.    Pursuant to committee rules, all witnesses will be sworn in before they testify.    If you please rise and raise your right hands.    Do you solemnly swear the testimony you are about to give will be the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth, so help you God?    Thank you. Please be seated.    All witnesses answered in the affirmative.    In order to allow time for discussion, please limit your testimony to 5 minutes. Your entire written statement will be made part of the record.    And, with that, Ms. Saldana, you're up for 5 minutes. Thank you.    Mr. DeSantis. Committee will come to order. Please have the police escort the protesters out. Committee will come to order.    Committee will suspend.    rotesters will leave the hearing room. We ask the people who are watching, watch, listen, learn, but if you disrupt a hearing, you will be removed.    I now recognize Ms. Saldana for 5 minutes.    Mr. DeSantis. Thank you. Gentlewoman's time is expired.    The chair now recognizes Mr. Rodriguez for 5 minutes.    You're up.    Mr. DeSantis. Thank the gentleman.    Chair now recognizes Inspector Roth for 5 minutes.    Mr. DeSantis. Thank you, Mr. Roth.    Chair now recognizes himself for 5 minutes.    Ms. Saldana, you recently reported to the Senate that 121 illegal aliens that had been released by ICE between fiscal year 2010 and 2014 had been arrested for homicide since they were released. How many total homicides have these 121 individuals been charged with?    Mr. DeSantis. Can you hit your microphone, please.    Mr. DeSantis. So you just know that those folks have been charged with a homicide, but it doesn't rule out that they could have been charged with multiple homicides. Is that correct?    Mr. DeSantis. And do you know at this point how many convictions have resulted from those charges?    Mr. DeSantis. Is that something that you're interested in finding out?    Mr. DeSantis. Do you know if any of those individuals had been convicted of a homicide-related offense before they were released by DHS?    Mr. DeSantis. Okay. But that's obviously something that's important to know. What, if any, changes does ICE plan on making in light of the fact that you do have 121 individuals who were in ICE custody, were in the country illegally, have been released, and now have been charged with committing homicides. And just the way our criminal system works, I mean, most people who get charged end up getting guilty. I mean, let's just--it's probably over 90 percent. Let's just say it's 60 percent. That's a lot of people who have been killed. That's a lot of families who have lost loved ones, and they can look at ICE and say: Look. Had you just done your job better, maybe my family member would be here today. So what policy changes are you going to make to prevent that from happening in the future?    Mr. DeSantis. Well, and you probably did that very well. I know people on the state level in Texas and other places do it very well. The problem, though, is, is if they're going and they're being convicted and then ICE knows that they're not here legally, and we know they're convicts, and yet they still get released into society. And, in 2013, I know you weren't ICE director then, 2013 DHS released 36,000 individuals who were in the country illegally had been convicted of crimes. They provided the crimes to us, and they included homicide. They included rape. They included drug trafficking. Some very, very serious offenses. 2014, you had 30,000 individuals, again, who were in the country illegally convicted of crimes and yet still released by DHS.    And so the local and Federal law enforcement officers and the prosecutors, they play an important role, but if DHS is then going to release people who have been proven to be a danger to society into the public, well, then that leaves more Americans to be victimized by, in some cases, very violent crimes.    Mr. DeSantis. And if they're not right decisions, what happens? Because I mentioned the 36,000 in fiscal year 2013. These are folks that have been convicted in our courts of, in many cases, very serious offenses. They weren't in the country legally, they're released, and now, even at this point in 2015, of those 36,000, by DHS' own figures, 1,000 of those people have already been convicted of new crimes again in the future. And so, clearly, there is a breakdown there. So when that is not followed, what happens? Who is held accountable? Does anyone lose their job?    Mr. DeSantis. Has anyone lost their job----    Mr. DeSantis. --since you have been ICE director?    Mr. DeSantis. So the 1,000 new convictions that we have seen for people who had already been convicted, there's not been any accountability within ICE for that. To me, that's a major failure. Because if I were somebody whose family member was victimized by a crime, I would want to know: Well, wait a minute. You guys should have known. The President's policy is, you know, we're going to go after the criminals, zero tolerance. We're going to make it happen, and yet that hasn't happened. So what do you say to the families who've seen the--who've been victimized?    Mr. DeSantis. A criminal conviction for, say, aggravated assault, that's not looking into the future, that's looking into the past. I mean, as a prosecutor, if you have people who run afoul with the law and get convicted of violent criminal activity, those are people that are much more likely to commit crimes in the future than somebody who's never committed a crime in their life. So it's not just saying that this is all just trying to look into the future and you need clairvoyance; you can judge whether somebody's a threat to society based on their past conduct.    Mr. DeSantis. Point taken. Now, you said that there are multiple factors, so you can't just look at one thing. So maybe someone has a blemish on their criminal record, but there's other factors. You mentioned age. Answer me this, because there have been people that have been convicted of sexual assault who have been released, and by ICE's own admission, it wasn't because they--the 6 months was up. Sometimes that happens, but there are other people who did not, where they were discretionary releases. So what other factors would outweigh a conviction for a sexual assault against a woman or a child, and why would we want that person in our society?    Mr. DeSantis. No. I understand that. But how does that outweigh the seriousness of the offense when you're talking about people who've committed sexual assaults, crimes against children, crimes against women? That's what I don't understand. I understand if somebody got a speeding ticket or something, but some of those I think there's broad agreement in the American public that that is not something that we want to see where ICE is facilitating people to be back on the street.    Now, I have I'm over my time. So I appreciate you answering the questions. I know some of my colleagues will have more, and I am going to now recognize Mr. Lynch for 5 minutes.    Mr. DeSantis. The gentleman's time's expired.    The chair now recognizes Mr. Jordan for 5 minutes.