    Ms. Pena. Thank you. Chairman Burgess, Ranking Member Schakowsky, and members of the subcommittee, thank you for the opportunity to speak to you today about addressing deceptive hotel booking Web sites.    My name is Jamie Pena, the vice president of revenue strategy and global distribution for Omni Hotels, located in Dallas, Texas. As Mr. Burgess mentioned, I am also a proud constituent of Chairman Burgess.    I am here today representing the over 18,000 employees and associates of Omni Hotels. Omni Hotels is a proud member of the American Hotel and Lodging Association, which represents 2 million employees of the lodging industry.    It is an honor to appear here before your committee to discuss the need for Congress to pass the Stop On-Line Booking Scams Act, H.R. 4526. I would like to thank the 18 bipartisan cosponsors for their leadership on this issue as well.    I am here today to discuss the growing problem of deceptive hotel booking Web sites that are scamming customers and the need for legislation to address this issue. The ever-evolving online channels for booking hotel rooms from desktops to mobile phones and internet-enabled devices like tablets have transformed the way guests book their hotel rooms and at the same time created new customer-facing business models.    Amid these transformations, the lodging industry continues to put guests and customers first. We are focused on educating consumers on how to avoid being victimized by these scam Web sites.    It is with that purpose that we can bring to the committee the growing problem of misleading scam Web sites that deceive customers into thinking they are making a legitimate booking directly with the hotel company. They use pictures and graphics and other unique images from the hotel. They even set up 800-number call centers where the guest calls and the agent answers in a way that leads the customer to believe they are talking directly to the hotel.    Further, as customers increasingly move to mobile booking, smaller screens make it even more difficult for them to discern between the hotel's Web site and the URL of these scammed Web sites. Customers are definitely harmed and the result is we get different complaints from lost reservations, incorrect accommodations, loss of hotel loyalty program benefits, and simply the customers are confused.    By AHLA's estimates, these scams are impacting 15 million online bookings a year in the U.S. Omni customers have certainly fallen victim to these scams. I have two specific examples that I would like to share with you that are very recent.    One is a guest that was booking at the Omni Parker House in Boston. They called our call center to add an accompanying guest name to their reservation that she thought she booked on omnihotels.com. However, our agent was unable to assist her because, unknowingly, she had booked with a third party. She was very upset that her credit card information was in the hands of strangers since she thought she had booked directly with our hotel.    Another example comes from the Omni Houston Hotel. We had a similar scenario where the guest realized after the fact that they had clicked on a link and booked their reservation with one of these third-party rogue Web sites. To her surprise, it was not booked direct with us. I was able to get the 800 number from the Web site myself that the lady had spoken with, and the agent even continued to insist to me that he was an agent of Omni Hotels, which he was not.    These are not just problems for customers trying to book with Omni. No ordinary customer would be able to realize that these are fake Web sites. And make no mistakes, these Web sites are designed to deceive consumers.    Thankfully, the hotel industry is one of many voices concerned about this growing problem. The Federal Trade Commission, AAA, and the Better Business Bureau have all issued formal alerts warning consumers of these scams, and the hotel industry is also working on better methods of tracking the expansive nature of this program.    Many times the instances where consumers are frauded are not formally reported because the front desk agents just take care of the customer and they just make it right for them at their expense.    Congress has a role. So, to better quantify this issue, we are beginning a pilot program in three states to better train the front desk personnel to report these instances of fraud directly to the states' attorney general office. But Congress has a role to play as well, and that is why I am here today to express our support for H.R. 4526.    This bill is narrowly tailored to address only the unscrupulous sites that purposely deceive the customers. The bill simply requires online travel Web sites who do not have direct contracts with hotels to clearly disclose that they are not the actual hotel property.    Because it is directed only at non-affiliated third-party Web sites, it excludes our partner OTAs. These OTAs we have direct relationships with design their Web sites in a manner that distinguishes their site from our hotels. In addition, our partner OTAs are very quick to address instances of confusion and they are very transparent on their Web sites that they are not the actual hotel.    As you can see, H.R. 4526 is a targeted bill to address a serious problem for U.S. consumers.    Thank you for the opportunity to testify here, and I look forward to answering your questions.    Ms. Pena. Typically, in my experience, it happens when the customer uses a search engine and types in the name of the hotel. And the top few listings, they appear to be genuine Omni hotels, and in some cases they actually use our name in their URL to trick the customer. And then, they go to that Web site, assuming that they clicked on our Web site, and make the reservation.    Ms. Pena. Sometimes we receive it and that they had onward from somebody we are partners with. And sometimes we don't receive the reservation at all. Most of the time, we receive it through another party that we are contracted with.    Ms. Pena. Well, there are times where we don't have--if we have the reservation, sometimes we don't have the right request from them. Maybe they need two beds, and we didn't know. Or maybe they wanted to get their loyalty benefit rewards and they can't now. Maybe their payment information, they need to change payment, and we weren't the ones that took their money, so it is we are unable to assist them. So, it causes a lot of frustration.