    Ms. Kelly. Chairman Wenstrup, Ranking Member Takano, and members of the subcommittee, I am pleased to appear before you today to discuss and share the Department of Defense's views relating to several pieces of proposed legislation.    Regarding H.R. 2133, which would amend section 1144 of Title 10, United States Code, the Department does not believe it is necessary. The current DoD policy provides servicemembers the opportunity to participate in all training tracks in addition to the core transition GPS curriculum. These training tracks are now offered at 206 military sites worldwide. The Department believes that further legislation to permit servicemembers to receive these specific training tracks would limit our flexibility to modify the training and education needed by transitioning servicemembers as the program evolves.    Regarding H.R. 2275, section 4, the Department believes that the best way to maintain an all-volunteer force is to demonstrate to potential recruits that servicemembers thrive when they return to the civilian workforce. One way to improve the likelihood of this is to ensure our servicemembers receive the best training possible on employment opportunities, resources, rights, and practices.    Since the passage of the Vow to Hire Heroes Act of 2011 and the redesign of the Transition Assistance Program, the Department has gained a greater appreciation for the value that the Department of Labor Employment Workshop provides our servicemembers. The Department of Labor's familiarity with the modern labor market, expertise in assisting with credentialing, licensing, and finding registered apprenticeships, and its connection to state labor offices makes it the single best organization in our Federal Government to provide labor-related services not only to our servicemembers, but to all American citizens.    The success of the DOL's Employment Workshop proves its value. On average, 91 percent of transitioning servicemembers who participate in a 3-day employment workshop say the training enhanced their confidence in transition planning, 93 percent said they will use what they learned, and 96 percent said the facilitators were knowledgeable about the material.    The Employment Workshop's emphasis on providing servicemembers early access to state-run American Job Centers is a critical factor in assisting our servicemembers in finding employment. Segregating veteran services and staff from the employment services available to the rest of the Nation is inefficient and potentially puts veteran reintegration into civilian life at risk.    Since the revised workshop began in 2012, the outlook for servicemembers transitioning to the civilian workforce has brightened every year. This is good news. But to best ensure continued progress, as well as to discover innovative ways to build what Secretary Carter has called the force of the future, DoD and DOL must continue to work together.    We would hope not to have diversions from that close work with DOL, as we strongly believe that it is the single-best organization in our Federal Government to provide labor-related services.    Regarding the draft bill that would amend Title 38, U.S. Code, the DoD believes that this draft bill appears to mirror several of the education proposals from the Military Compensation and Retirement Modernization Commission final report from January of 2015.    In response to that report, the DoD deferred comment until it has more data on the impacts of transferability on educational benefits on retention. Similarly, the Department stated on May 13 in testimony to the Senate Committee on Veterans' Affairs that without data enabling the Department to understand the potential effects on retention the Department cannot support a bill that changes the Post-9/11 GI Bill housing stipend for dependents or the proposed language to increase the eligibility requirements for transferring Post-9/11 GI Bill benefits.    To this end, the Department has sponsored a study with Rand to review educational benefits for servicemembers to include the benefits of the Post-9/11 GI Bill and the impacts on retention with a focus on impacts of transferability. We anticipate the study to be completed in the summer of 2016.    Regardless of the outcomes of the study, the Department strongly believes that those servicemembers who have already committed to additional service obligations should be grandfathered and their dependents should not be subject to any reduction in transferability that may be imposed by further legislation. The Department defers to the VA regarding any costs to this bill.    Mr. Chairman, I thank you and the members of this subcommittee for your outstanding and continuing support for the men and women who proudly wear the uniform in defense of our great Nation.    Ms. Kelly. I can tell you that 50 percent of recruits identify education benefits as one of the reasons, one of the compelling reasons, that they want to join the Armed Forces.    Ms. Kelly. I don't have that data, no. But I will----    Ms. Kelly. I will check that out when I go back too.