    Mr. Eggers. Good to see you.    Mr. Eggers. Good afternoon, Chairman Ratcliffe and other distinguished Members of the subcommittee.    My name is Matthew Eggers. I lead the U.S. Chamber Cybersecurity Working Group, which has about 200 members, and it is growing virtually daily. Before talking about the cyber information-sharing proposals, I want to note that my written statement highlights the successful roll-out of the NIST framework.    The Chamber's proudly launched its own cyber campaign under the banner of improving today, protecting tomorrow. In 2014, we organized several roundtables across the country. The events featured State and local chambers and principals from the White House, DHS, NIST, as well as local FBI and Secret Service officials. More roundtables are being planned this year.    The framework would be incomplete without enacting legislation that removes legal and regulatory barriers to quickly exchanging data about threats to U.S. companies. Let's consider CISA and the White House proposal or the Carper bill,     First, the draft Cybersecurity Information Sharing Act of 2015, or CISA. In January, 35 associations, including the Chamber, urged the Senate to quickly pass the cyber info-sharing bill modeled after the bipartisan CISA bill that Senators Feinstein and Chambliss championed last year.    The first version of CISA stalled, unfortunately. A draft CISA, 2.0, if you will, sponsored by Senators Burr and Feinstein, is expected to be marked up soon. It reflects practical compromises among many stakeholders. We need to focus our collective legislative negotiations on CISA.    CISA would give businesses legal certainty that they have safe harbor against frivolous lawsuits when voluntarily sharing and receiving cyber threat indicators, or CTIs, and countermeasures in real time with private and public entities and when monitoring information systems to mitigate cyber attacks.    CISA would also offer protections related to public disclosure, (direct) regulatory, and anti-trust matters. Under CISA, businesses must remove personal information from threat indicators before sharing them.    Second, the White House cybersecurity legislative proposal, or S. 456, the Cyber Threat Sharing Act of 2015. Senator Tom Carper introduced S. 456 about 3 weeks ago. I focus, in part, on this bill because it is very similar to the White House's January 13 cyber information-sharing proposal and it has been introduced.    In contrast to CISA, White House/Carper would grant liability protections to companies only when sharing CTIs with DHS's NCCIC and ISAOs, or Information Sharing and Analysis Organizations, that have self-certified that they are following certain information-sharing practices which have not yet been established and won't be for some time.    DHS is to sponsor an outside organization to determine what would constitute cyber info-sharing standards or best practices, even though leading sectors tell us that they already have them. The bottom line: The ISAOs-plus-standards-setting effort warrants scrutiny before our organization supports it.    Also, unlike CISA, businesses would not be protected under White House/Carper when monitoring information systems and sharing and receiving countermeasures. The White House/Carper bill would not write anti-trust protections into the Federal law.    The lack of safeguards and protections in all of these areas would deter industry from participating in these information-sharing programs for fear of litigation or liability, whether at the Federal or the State levels.    CISA and White House/Carper do share some common features especially in the area of privacy and civil liberties protection. Both CISA and the White House/Carper proposal narrowly define what cyber threat indicators may be shared among private and Government entities.    CISA and White House/Carper require that businesses remove personal information from CTIs before sharing them. Like CISA, the White House/Carper bill would tightly limit how the Federal Government could use threat indicators that agencies receive.    In sum, when comparing CISA with White House/Carper, CISA offers a more dynamic way to share cyber threat data among many businesses and Government entities, coupled with strong liability and related protections.    CISA would go the furthest in helping businesses, including critical infrastructure, defend information systems against cyber attacks while protecting privacy.    CISA is meant to help counter serious malicious attacks aimed at America that are being launched from threats like organized crime and state-sponsored groups.    Getting an information-sharing bill signed into law this year, one that would actually incentivize industry to participate, not back away, is the Chamber's top cyber legislative priority.    Again, thank you for inviting me to be here today. I would be happy to answer any questions. Thank you.    Mr. Eggers. Congressman, thank you for that question.    I would say yes, we do. Just to give you an example, the NCCIC is a key portal through which businesses are sharing and will be sharing.    One thing I might add to that is we want businesses to be sharing with their trusted partners, whether it's DHS, FBI, Secret Service, Department of Energy, Treasury, you name it. I think what we want to see is a bill that gives them the ability to voluntarily share cyber threat indicators with associated protections with some flexibility in terms of sharing with Government. So it would be DHS and other entities.    Mr. Eggers. Sure. Let me just kind of give you a feel for the protections, in general, where that liability protection fits in.    So when we look at, let's say, something like the CISA bill--which, you know, unless there's maybe hiccups at an upcoming mark-up which could happen soon, we will support that bill. But I think about liability in terms of kind of four key protections. Right? So liability's probably the first and foremost liability. Right?    In the legislation, if you're acting within the terms of the bill, you will be getting liability protections for the ways in which you share with the private-sector and Government entities. There's a few nuances.    The second is regulatory protection, and the third is FOIA, and the fourth is anti-trust. So, if anything, I would mention that the liability protection probably sits at the top and is probably the most important one of the bunch, if you had to single one out.    Mr. Eggers. Generally----    Mr. Eggers. Sure. So within the construct of a voluntary program--right?--and I think it's important just to stress we're talking about a voluntary program where we're trying to create some legal certainty--businesses, when they are, let's say, fortunate to be able to identify, let's say, a breach, an incident, they've got those bits and pieces of technical data that they should share with business partners and the governments to provide everyone a better sense of real security.    But a lot of times what we hear from businesses is, ``Hey, we want to do the right thing, but we're afraid that the information that we share will come back to bite us''--right?--``It will have a boomerang effect.''    So they want protections to be able to share that with peers, and we encourage that. Right? So if there's some attacks that you know of that you can share with others so other folks can benefit, stop those attacks, that's a good thing. We want them to share with their business partners.    The FS-ISAC is a great example. But we also want businesses to share that narrow threat data with Government, too, so they can start to build a bigger picture and help others, Government and private sector.    Mr. Eggers. I think the exemption from--thank you--the exemption from disclosure is a fundamental part of any bill. Right? Businesses want to be sharing. We want them to share. They don't want to see their names necessarily in the headlines because they were trying to do the right thing.    Mr. Eggers. Congressman, if I may--and then others can join me--let me try to come at your questions this way. They're very good.    We're talking about information sharing, but one of the things that's positive about the framework is you can be using the framework in any country, any province, any State. It's not mandatory. It's voluntary.    So you don't have to come up specially-engineered cyber solutions to comply with, let's say, regulations of each country. That would not be good. That would be too costly even for big companies.    No. 2, information sharing, voluntary at least under the bill that we are championing, the CISA bill currently in the Senate, at least in draft form.    The information-sharing program we're looking to achieve is not about surveillance. It's about sharing threat data from business-to-business, business-to-government, and, hopefully, more and more business-to-government so that can stop future attacks.    The Chamber--we were part of a letter that had----    Mr. Eggers. Sure.    Mr. Eggers. Uh-huh.    Mr. Eggers. We can't fight the bad guys without working together. When I think about the threats out there, it's not the wayward kid down the street that's having fun, maybe, breaking into a computer system.    It's nation-states. It's people working on their behalf. It's super criminal groups that I think Dr. Libicki points out is very costly.    So if we're going to--and I like to think of an information-sharing bill. It's trying to knock the bad guys off-balance. Right? We need to push them off-balance. Right?    We're going to share and be more resilient, meaning industry and Government. So we need to work together. We can't tackle nation-states or their proxies solo. We can't do it. So we need to work together, and we need to do it smartly.    Mr. Eggers. Congressman Clawson, if I may, let me add to that.    So you had mentioned about business interest and information sharing. The Chamber was one of about 35 associations representing--I don't know--back of the envelope, maybe 80 to 90 percent of the U.S. economy, stating that, ``We need a good bill that clears away the legal policy underbrush, gives us certainty that, when we are sharing, we are protected.''    Mr. Eggers. So one thing I might add, if I just may--you mentioned slowing things down--one thing that we are looking at--and the jury's still out with respect to the Executive Order on cyber information sharing, at least February 13--is the standards/best practices element of standing up more ISAOs--right?--or at least having organizations declare that they've self-certified it at a future date, that they are following certain standards/best practices.    One of the things that I think gives our members pause is not that you're going to be holding up an entity as a model for how to share well. What we're concerned about is, in that process of creating standards, highlighting best practices, that that could kind of gum up the information-sharing works.    Mr. Eggers. Congressman, if I may just add a quick point, one thing I think about or at least our members think about in terms of getting from Point A to Point B, A to Z, on an information-sharing bill, a bill that clears both Chambers and, hopefully, gets to the President's desk this year, is, even though it's important to protect privacy, that we not lose sight of the burdens that we could place on small and mid-sized businesses to scrub personal information.    Those kinds of provisions will be in a bill, but I want to make sure that we not go too far that we're essentially, from a practical standpoint, having the small and mid-sized guys sit on the sidelines because they feel like they can't scrub personal information adequately or do it at least under the terms of any future bill.    Mr. Eggers. Yes. One quick brief note on that is, when I say small and mid-sized guys just generically, I'm thinking in a lot of ways some of the supply chain elements of, let's say, a bigger firm.    If those smaller companies are hacked, we want them to have the confidence that they report, let's say, to the bigger company and a lot of times the Government won't necessarily have to be in their systems.    What they will be doing is sharing those technical bits and pieces of information that the bigger company can use and, let's say, law enforcement can use to build a case against folks probably overseas.    Mr. Eggers. Agreed.