    Ms. Norton. I appreciate this hearing, Mr. Chairman. We've heard--we've heard from Mr. Maurer about the increase in use, and I certainly am not going to blame that on HIDTA or the drug administration, nor does he. In fact, staying ahead of the drug du jour has become such a challenge that I think we ought to concede that it will always be a challenge. If we concede that, then looking into what we can really do would make sense.    I really have a question on the drug du jour in the District of Columbia, synthetic drugs, and another question on marijuana. But we certainly remember when the drug that the entire Nation was focused on was crack cocaine. Now, of course, everybody is focused on opiate and heroin, and it is going to change tomorrow.    I was very interested in Mr. Turner's question about treating people when they are behind bars, because I had a roundtable last night. You know, there are 6,000 Federal returning citizens now all around the country, because of the reduction in the sentence for mandatory minimums.    This was one of the great law and law enforcement American tragedies. We treated crack cocaine differently from cocaine, 100 to 1, and you essentially--or we essentially--by the way, Democrats and Republicans. This was certainly not partisan--essentially destroyed what was left of the African American family. Most of these were black and Latino men in their mid-30's, by the way, right at the prime of life.    All right. So today, you hear about opiates, of course, and heroin, and, well, you might, and about the law enforcement approach that you have been authorized to pursue. But I must ask you, Mr. Botticelli, in light of prevention, I don't see how you can prevent the next drug du jour. I mean, we haven't even brought up the word synthetic drugs yet, but I am cosponsor with several members on the other side of a bill to deal with that new phenomenon. But if--you can't expect law enforcement to prevent new drugs or drugs from changing, I'm not sure why they change.    At the very least, it seems to me, at least my roundtable told me, that once you have somebody, you will often find, as we did when we had these witnesses who had just been released from mandatory minimums, had their mandatory minimum reduced by an average of 2 years; in questioning them, the length--these, of course, were drug traffickers. They got into drug traffickers by using drugs, and I couldn't help but believe that if somehow treatment had been earlier available, we might have prevented what was one of the worst tragedies in law enforcement in American history, and now we're trying to make up for it.    So you say, okay, shouldn't be 5 percent, should be 10 percent. That has the ring of a number pulled out of the air, because you now have 5 percent because you're flat-funded, and because you don't think you can get anymore. I mean, is that essentially the long and short of it in terms of what is effective, as you now pursue newer and newer drugs every decade, it would appear? Where did you get 10 percent from, especially as a cap?    Ms. Norton. How about treatment?    Ms. Norton. Except in this region we have--because we were grandfathered in.    Ms. Norton. Has the experience that the ranking member spoken about educated you at all about treatment?    Ms. Norton. Yeah, to you, or Mr. Botticelli.    Ms. Norton. But how did--I mean, what was the basis for 10 percent?    Ms. Norton. I'm not suggesting another percentage. I'm just suggesting it may not be evidence-based, particularly in light of treatment.    Ms. Norton. I certainly appreciate the chairman's indulgence.    I really felt I had to ask you a question on synthetic drugs. And I want to say the chairman mentioned that his sheriffs wouldn't want you to take away from law enforcement function. I would agree with you. My police chief wouldn't want it either, especially in light of the fact that I think you took down 19,000-plus packets of synthetic drugs only recently here in the District of Columbia, and I think it was your very HIDTA law enforcement that did it. It made big news here.    These synthetic drugs present a new challenge. I want to know how you're handling it. We've had in October alone emergency services were called 580 times, more than 18 times a day, to respond to synthetic drug emergencies. Here we have bipartisan legislation that has been introduced. I'm not sure any of it can be found to be constitutional, because unlike heroin, which is what it is, for example, they change the composition.    Are you pursuing synthetic drugs? In light of the fact that a criminal statute cannot be overly broad or it violates due process, do you have the tools to do your law enforcement work with what is now a growing menace across the United States? My Republican members who have this problem, for example, on the bills, come from Texas and Pennsylvania.    Mr. Botticelli.    Ms. Norton. You do need, as China is doing new legislation, you do need new legislation to be able to do effective law enforcement?    Ms. Norton. I have one more question before my time is up. I know that four States and the District of Columbia have legalized possession of small amounts of marijuana. The other four, of course, have legalized sale as well. In D.C., they are sending our people to the illegal market, because you can't get--do the sale.    How much of your work goes for marijuana in light of the fact that this drug is increasingly--you have 20 States that have decriminalized it. Are you really spending resources on marijuana, particularly in light of the fact that in terms of the white, black, again, getting into what happened with mandatory minimums, the arrest records are almost entirely black or Latino, because the white kids are not in, I suppose, the law enforcement areas and don't get picked up. In light of that racial disparity, how much of your funds for law enforcement goes for marijuana, which is being legalized before your very eyes?    Ms. Norton. Can you send the chairman of this committee a breakdown in terms of----    Ms. Norton. Mr. Kelley has a breakdown.    Ms. Norton. Well, excuse me. Could this question be answered, Mr. Botticelli?    Ms. Norton. Well, I support those studies, especially when it comes to children. Of course, we know that most people don't smoke marijuana once they leave college.