    Mr. Allen. Well, good morning, Chairman Thompson, Ranking Member Lujan Grisham, and Members of the Subcommittee. I am honored to have opportunity to be before you this morning and give my view on the implementation of the conservation title of the farm bill, Agricultural Act of 2014.    My name is Buddy Allen. I am a producer in Tunica, Mississippi. I grow cotton, rice, soybeans, corn, and wheat. I am passionate about conservation. I am also a partner in a California-based almond farm. I serve as Chairman of the Tunica County Soil and Water Conservation District. I am a member of the Mississippi Rice Council, Mississippi Association of Conservation Districts, Conservation Committee of the USA Rice Federation, and several other state and local conservation groups.    Conservation is a significant part of my agribusiness. As I implement stewardship on my farm, my productivity increases, and it makes me more sustainable. So I am very grateful for the programs that are authorized by this Subcommittee in the Farm Bill of 2014.    I can't thank the Committee enough for the hours and the work you and your staff put into the passage of this farm bill. This piece of legislation provides a safety net that gives farmers certainty and tools to stay in business during tough times, which are now, as has been mentioned already this morning. And it also incentivizes us to invest in valuable conservation practices on our land. Voluntary incentive-based conservation programs are the first line of defense against the need for regulation.    In 2012, the USA Rice Federation and Ducks Unlimited forged a model of collaboration between a farm group and a conservation organization, the Rice Stewardship Partnership. This partnership has been working tirelessly to improve three of the nation's critical, national, and economic resources, working ricelands, water, and waterfowl.    This is an unlikely partnership between our organizations, and it is historic. One of the programs new to the recent farm bill is the Regional Conservation Partnership Program. Key to this program is leveraging Federal funds with private, state, and local assets. It empowers partnerships to design solutions and deliver measurable results. The partnerships draw on local knowledge and resources.    This locally-led approach is critical to the effectiveness of the program. RCPP offers the use of existing conservation programs such as CSP and EQIP to help reach a specified goal and helps to target critical conservation areas where the work is most needed. The partnership submitted in RCPP proposal, which was accepted in January entitled, Sustaining the Future of Rice, this project is a natural fit for our organizations to pursue and offers rice producers from every major rice growing county in each of the six rice growing states the assistance needed to address water quantity, water quality, and wildlife habitat on our farms.    NRCS is providing $10 million in funding to the project leveraged by $6.8 million of cash and in-kind contributions from private sector partners to utilize EQIP and CSP on rice farms. Each of the six states involved are set to receive a minimum of $1 million of the combined funding towards implementation.    One thing that is helpful about the flexibility built into RCPP is the ability to tailor programs such as EQIP and CSP, which as stand alone programs, are not necessarily geared towards rice production. We have been able to do just that and make a particular use of these very successful programs and make them available on rice working lands.    NRCS staff, under the leadership of Chief Weller has worked tirelessly to ensure that this program has been implemented as smoothly as possible. The announcement for program funding stayed very true to the intent of what Congress authorized in the statute and was able to maintain the flexibility of language throughout the application process.    USA Rice and Ducks Unlimited have had a very positive experience during the negotiation process, but because our final contract within NRCS is very complex, we have just recently finalized our agreement last week, as a matter of fact. As an industry, rice producers have put years of work into finding new ways to reduce erosion, reduce water use, save energy, and address a number of other critical conservation priorities. For those unfamiliar with rice production, rice fields are flooded during the growing season to provide water the plants need and control weeds and pests. Because of this unique method of raising a crop in a flooded environment, rice farming, compared to other commodity production, is more sensitive to water quantity, water quality, and soil stability, and they are essential to maintain our operations.    That being said, RCPP is a natural fit for our industry to further our conservation goals. I appreciate the work that all of you have done to ensure that farmers have the tools they need to implement conservation practices on the landscape. It is a vital part of our industry and a necessary investment if we want to leave our farms as a legacy.    Again, thank you for your leadership and the opportunity to offer my testimony, and I would be happy to respond to any questions.    Mr. Allen. Well, I agree with Mr. Van Dyke's comments, but I would like to add that in the declining nature of our commodity values today, any practice that does not create revenue is hard to justify, and as a producer, I said earlier that my productivity increases when I apply stewardship, and it makes me more sustainable, and I believe that.    But I believe that the title II programs and the cost-share incentives are critical and mandatory for the type of stewardship that we have described.    Mr. Allen of Georgia. Okay. So you would suggest that from an investment standpoint, these incentives are necessary for you and other farmers and ranchers to sustain your operations?    Mr. Allen. Absolutely.    Mr. Allen of Georgia. Okay. Any other comments on those questions?    Okay. Well, great. I yield back the remainder of my time, Mr. Chairman.    The Chairman. Thank you. The gentleman yields back. I am pleased to recognize the Ranking Member for questioning.    Mr. Allen. Yes, sir, Mr. Chairman. Many of the best management practices that are conducive to be associated with rice production don't rank as well in the ranking models from NRCS' larger structural installations, like the construction of an irrigation storage reservoir or tail water recovery system. The irrigation management practices generally find themselves unfunded because they have been outranked by the other practices I just described, so this is an opportunity to feature those and give them priority, and that now we actually have new forms of conservation being installed on the working lands because of that.    The Chairman. Very good. Thank you very much. I want to thank all the panelists for taking the time to come to Washington to be able to testify today and provide your written testimony and your oral testimony and your leadership, respective leadership.    The process that we have of--and this really was an oversight hearing, a chance to exercise oversight on the implementation of the provisions of the 2014 Farm Bill, to be able to get kind of an overview from USDA and their leadership in terms of how that is being done, but also to get a, as importantly, for those end-users, those folks who are using those programs, to get feedback.    I think this represents a good partnership. I think that partnership and that sincerity of this partnership of make making sure that we got it right when we did the farm bill and that we are getting it right as we implement it, I think that is reflective of the fact that Chief Weller, who was here through the second panel, I sit on a lot of committees, I don't always get that. Sometimes we get a hard time getting individuals from the Administration to come, but that is not the case with the USDA.    They are great partners, and sometimes, as hard as we try, we don't always get it exactly the way we want it. Perhaps we will find that we fail--we did pretty good on the farm bill, but you know what, that is why we do these oversight hearings, to make sure and work on that partnership, and so I want to thank everyone for being here.    And under the rules of Committee, the record of today's hearing will remain open for 10 calendar days to receive additional materials and supplementary written responses from the witnesses to any questions posed by a Member. This hearing of the Subcommittee on Conservation and Forestry is now adjourned.