    Mr. Costello. Thank you. My question is for Ms. Eskenazi, and ultimately, the question is going to be how and what stakeholder support do we need in order to transform the appeals process with legislative reform. I thought that you laid out very well for me what the Veterans Traditional Review Act in 1988 did to complicate--it is not to suggest that we shouldn't have that law--but to complicate the synchronizing that with the way you go about developing a claim and handling it judicially. All within the context of have an open record. I can appreciate the need for an open record. We are dealing with veterans, we are not dealing with a land use hearing or a criminal matter where you have your day in court, if you didn't make your argument, you are done.    Here I think, particularly with new evidence possibly coming about or a claim not being fully ripe when the claim is made, but still the need to get that claim in the pipeline because you need the care or the benefit.    I can also appreciate from the remand perspective that two-thirds of the reason for a remand is because of additional evidence or due to a change in circumstances after the claim arose, so I can understand that. Clearly, though, there is a problem with the remand process here and how that keeps claims in the system for a very, very long time.    It seems to me that there needs to be a remand reform element to how we address this legislatively. It needs to be fair to veterans. It also needs to enable you to streamline this process so that when a veteran is submitting a claim, either as much of that claim comes about or every alternative theory or justification in an argument that can be made is made at that time. But share with me, as you talk about clearly being a stakeholder in this from a legislative reform perspective, what we can do to help reduce the number of remands, either on the way in the door by making the claims easier to process, or if more evidence is needed and that is why it is being remanded, isn't there a way to maybe short circuit the time lag on the remand in order to get that evidence back in the door? What are your thoughts? How do we make it a more streamline process?    Mr. Costello. How much or how often or is it feasible at that point in time, before a decision is rendered, knowing that there may not be the type of evidence needed to justify the claim, but perhaps also knowing that that evidence may exist or that the claimant should go out and obtain that evidence?    What I fear is that, okay, you don't have the evidence denied. And then you are in the pipeline up the chain, which just becomes more frustrating rather than holding back and maybe rescheduling the hearing. Does that happen? Is there more robust activity that could happen at the lower adjudicatory level so that it doesn't end up knowingly getting or predictably getting remanded.    Mr. Costello. And so do you feel that from a legislative perspective, reforms can be made in order to streamline the process or do you feel that that process can be resolved within your department?    Mr. Costello. Thank you.