    Mr. DAVIDSON. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Guests, thank you for coming here and thanks for your testimony.    The past 15 years I have spent growing small manufacturing companies. I had very little background with politics other than as a news junkie and decided to run for office, so pretty recently here from the small business world. Our businesses in Ohio have about 200 employees and will have some firsthand experience from it, but I have enjoyed some roundtable feedback.    And I will say, Mr. Eisenbrey, your perspective seems out of touch with the folks in the Eighth District of Ohio. We cannot create a bigger middle class simply by decreeing it from Washington any better than it has been decreed from any throne anywhere in the world. It is ignorant of history, economics, and math.    And as an example, California was well below the threshold at 41. Do you know the median annual income in California?    Mr. DAVIDSON. It is $67,458 in 2014. That was number three.    Mr. DAVIDSON. And in the State of Ohio it is $45,000, which is down at number 35. So the idea that there could be some national edict, that is going to set a standard, is entirely market distorting. And when your solution, which is in line with the Administration's solution, is we will just confiscate it from the owners, is also ignorant.    Commissioner Tipton, thanks for your testimony. Who are the owners of your county that this would be confiscated as from?    Mr. DAVIDSON. Thank you.    Mr. DAVIDSON. Very similar for some of our counties in the Eighth District of Ohio. We have some great universities in the Eighth District of Ohio, and our country is blessed with some great educational solutions, not just higher education but skilled trades.    And who are the owners there? The bill payers are students. Students are the ones that are going to pick up this tab, and, you know, last I checked, students are really dealing with a way to pay for that tuition. So your solution is to give these researchers, who are benefiting from better tuition and degrees, bigger wages, which are really financed by student loans. Students, young people, 18 to 25 years old, generally are going to pay these wages, okay. And they have been decreed with very little input. So there is not a universal class warfare confiscation scheme that is going to work.    I think that the other thing that, Mr. Robinson, you touched on, and from SHRM, we have been members for a long time, so thanks for your work in the field of HR. One of the things that really this rule also seems very ignorant of is the changing culture. So you alluded to it with manufacturing and kind of the stereotypical things. And Mr. Robinson, you also alluded to it with the way people work. They are sending emails. FIB, also very active, small businesses in the State of Ohio in the west just as in east.    So if you guys could comment on the impact of culture and just, you know--I don't know how many people came to the room without some version of a smart phone. How does this rule affect the ability to do work in today's economy?    Mr. DAVIDSON. Thank you for that.    I just have one other thing. You talk about that and just to where this will lead us, well, just install an app for that. And that will be yet another encroachment into people's Fourth Amendment privacy rights. So we have all here sworn to support and defend the Constitution, and we continue to see people who have sworn that oath trample it. So thanks for any other feedback you guys can give.