    Ms. Chaplain. Chairman Smith, Ranking Member Johnson, and Members of the Committee, thank you for inviting me to discuss the Space Leadership Preservation Act. You've heard the policy and strategic perspective, as well as the operational perspective, and I'm here today to discuss the acquisition management perspective.    As you know, NASA's acquisition management has been on GAO's high-risk list for more than two decades because of persistent cost growth and schedule slippage. In recent years, however, NASA has made progress in reducing this risk. Specifically, in 2012, shortly after NASA re-baselined its largest project, the James Webb telescope, development cost growth averaged about 46 percent. This year, we plan to report that it is at 17 percent. And when James Webb is excluded, cost growth is just 1.3 percent, though that number is affected by the addition of Space Launch System and Orion to the portfolio.    NASA has made positive changes in the past five years that have helped contribute to the improved performance of its projects. These include better cost and schedule estimating, use of management reserves, and program monitoring. Moreover, many projects are able to demonstrate that they have closed gaps in knowledge about technology and design at key junctures in their development process.    This does not mean NASA's acquisition problems are solved. Several projects in the portfolio are experiencing significant problems that are not just the result of inherent technical risk. Programs still struggle with underestimating complexity and managing and overseeing contractors. Moreover, the most complex and costly development efforts, the human spaceflight projects and James Webb, are entering their most risky phases of development. Before we can take NASA off our high-risk list, we need to see how these projects perform in times when they are most tested.    Further, while initial estimates are more realistic, we are finding larger projects do not plan to update their estimates on a regular basis and that estimates are not always well supported by well-defined schedules. The baselines for human spaceflight projects also provide little visibility into long-term planning and costs.    Today, this Committee is discussing the concern that NASA needs more stability in order to truly thrive. That is what the Space Leadership Preservation Act is focused on. The concept of stability is an important one for NASA since projects require heavy investments both in terms of time and money, and they require the cooperation and support from a variety of communities.    We have not assessed the extent to which the act can insulate NASA from instability, but I do have a couple observations. First, if NASA were to implement a Board of Directors, that board must be willing to hold program managers accountable, as well as leadership, by cancelling or restructuring programs that do not perform well. I recognize there is a frustration that shuttle successor programs never seem to make it very far, and it's clear that these programs are impacted by politics. On the other hand, when projects prove to be too ambitious or poorly managed, not cancelling them or not changing them can be damaging to the rest of NASA's portfolio.    Second, the act emphasizes the use of longer-term or multiyear contracts. Multiyear contracts can potentially save money and improve the industrial base by permitting more efficient use of the contractor's resources. It's important to keep in mind, however, that they are generally used for more production items and low-risk technology. Not too many NASA projects fit this description. Multiyear contracts can also reduce Congress's flexibility, as well as the agency's flexibility in making changes to programs and budgets, so the decision to use them needs to be carefully considered.    Finally, as you assess these measures, I would like to emphasize that our examinations of complex acquisitions across the government continually show that acquisition success hinges on 1) having robust long-term plans to guide programs; 2) having a sound business case when starting a program; 3) providing the right support and oversight throughout the life of the program.    We look forward to continuing to work with NASA and the Committee in instituting these improvements.    Thank you. I'm happy to answer any questions you have.    Ms. Chaplain. I think the long-term planning is very critical here, and they do definitely need a strategic plan that, again, lays out how they're going to get there, also what technologies you need to get there. There's many more systems and subsystems that are going to need to be developed for the eventual trip to Mars, and to also have cost estimates at least in ranges for the different kinds of choices that you can make. At this point, we only have cost estimates going up through the second fight for Orion and nothing after that. And for SLS we only have cost estimates going up through the first flight, so there's a lot of important questions ahead about how much is everything going to cost and what else do you need to get in order to get there.    Ms. Chaplain. So that's a good question. I think it speaks to the levels of discussion that we're having. One is a good strategic long-term plan that helps provide stability, and the plan itself, if it has agreement from a lot of different communities, you have a better chance of maintaining support over the decades that need to happen.    But at the more tactical level, acquisition programs have to be well-managed, too, and Congress has done a lot for NASA in that regard by helping them get more transparency into costs and progress, instituting good metrics and project management tools. There's always more that can be done, especially in terms of holding programs accountable when they don't meet their goals and they don't have good plans for going forward. But I see the solution as being on both those levels.    Ms. Chaplain. So I'll be quick in light of that. To add to the conversation just to note that some of the largest programs will be entering their most difficult phases of development where we tend to see more cost growth and more problems. So getting through those couple of years and ensuring issues that happen on these huge programs don't affect and overwhelm the smaller programs that are equally important.    Ms. Chaplain. Most of the agencies with large acquisitions and complex ones like NASA do have political appointees. We don't get too much insight into the intel world, and that might be something to look at, but they're still political there, too. So I don't have a model there to look at.    There--other situations--agencies that have longer-term ten years for Administrators, GAO is actually one of them. We have a 15-year appointment for our Comptroller General, and the purpose is to keep the politics out of our work.    Ms. Chaplain. So there are other good models out there.    Ms. Chaplain. We don't have one that looks at that from an acquisition perspective.    Ms. Chaplain. There's also other space agencies internationally that have boards and different structures that could be looked at, but we haven't done that ourselves.    Ms. Chaplain. I'll just add that, you know, the government is usually the one to push technology and discovery, and in all those areas that's where the government's role should be. When you have lower-risk technology or something that's already proven that's needed, that is a good place to use pathfinder types of commercial efforts where they can prove themselves and even take over some kinds of operations.    If you look more broadly beyond NASA, commercial space is starting to play a bigger role in doing things like hosted payloads for government, providing bandwidth for DOD, and even running ground operations. There's all good areas for them to be playing in.    Ms. Chaplain. So typically, you do commit over time to any program. Even NASA does that. The contracts work year-by-year. The multiyear authority allows you just to go beyond that first span of time, five years, and to commit to buying a lot more items upfront. That does tie the hands of Congress, but it doesn't tie funding so much because that's still done on the year-to-year basis. So you're just making a longer-term commitment.    The issue in taking this authority and applying it to NASA is it works better in a production environment. Even DOD, before it can employ a multiyear contract, has to demonstrate that there's stable design, stable requirements, that there's going to be substantial savings achieved from buying in bulk. Instead of six airplanes, for example, you're committing to 30.    So we have some questions in our head about how this could work in the NASA arena. Most NASA projects are just one-off satellites, for example, and the cost-plus arrangements that they use for that because they involve a lot of discovery, are appropriate.    Ms. Chaplain. Usually, for long-term projects within DOD, money is dedicated up front. But again, if you're developing and researching a Joint Strike Fighter, all those contracts up until the point that you're ready to produce are sort of in that cost-plus range and they go year-to-year because you have a lot of unknowns and you kind of have to revisit things on a year-to-year basis. Once you enter the production phase, you're in a better situation to do fixed-price contracting that can actually go through many years.    So I don't know if what we have now would work ideally, the authorities now would work well for the Mars situation. If you committed everything up front, it would be an incredible amount of money that you would have to put aside to guarantee that it's all there for the 20-year effort.    Ms. Chaplain. And I would just add the bill talks about multiyear contracting. There are also options for multiyear funding and appropriations that work sometimes on the DOD side that wasn't mentioned in the bill, but there are some other mechanisms that could be explored on the appropriations side.