    Mr. Comey. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, Mr. Fattah, Chairman Rogers, members of the committee. I will be very brief. I want to start by thanking you for your support of the FBI over many years.    The FBI's budget request for 2016 is about maintaining the capabilities you have given us, which is mostly people. The magic of the FBI is its folks. Over sixty percent of our budget goes to agents, analysts, scientists and surveillance specialists. And my goal for 2016 is to be a good steward of the taxpayers' money, because I know the kind of times we face, and sustain that capability.    We have asked for two small enhancements, one that relates to cyber and the other that relates to our effort to integrate our systems better with the rest of the Intelligence Community. Each of those is about a $10 million request. But we are about sustaining what you have already given us. And you have supported the FBI in ways that we are extremely grateful for.    The threats that we face and are responsible for protecting this great country from are well known to this Committee and you have alluded to them in your remarks. Counterterrorism remains our top priority. The counterterrorism threat has changed dramatically since I was Deputy Attorney General in the Bush Administration. They have actually changed in the 18 months I have been on this job.    The shift has been the growth of the group that calls itself the Islamic State from a safe haven in Syria and portions of Iraq. They are issuing a siren song to troubled souls to travel to the so-called caliphate to fight in an apocalyptic battle, as they have styled it. Or if you cannot travel, kill someone where you are. And that siren song increasingly goes out in English. It increasingly goes out on social media, and reaches into our country where it is consumed by people who are very hard for us to see because they are in their basement. They are in some space that we do not have visibility into consuming poison, and either deciding whether they want to travel or whether they want to harm somebody here at home.    Increasingly the focus of this threat is on people in uniform. This week we saw ISIL calling for harm to be brought to over 100 members of our military services. And so the threat we face is global. It moves at the speed of light. And it is increasingly difficult for us to see because it goes through the complex spider web of social media.    We spend all day every day worrying about this and working on it. To answer Mr. Fattah's question, yes we focus an awful lot on trying to find those needles in our 50-state haystack who might be radicalizing and responding to this poison, and either planning to travel or planning to do harm here at home. We have investigations focusing on these people we call homegrown violent extremists in all 50 states. Until about a month ago, it was 49 states--no Alaska. That has changed. We have got all 50. And that is no cause for celebration. But we are working with our partners in state and local law enforcement and in the rest of the Intelligence Community to find these people and disrupt them.    Counterintelligence has been mentioned. A lot of folks tend to think the spy game is a thing of the fifties, sixties, or seventies. It is alive and well. That threat comes at us through human beings and through the internet. Nation state actors are trying to steal what matters to this country and we are about trying to prevent that.    And then you mentioned our criminal responsibilities. We are responsible for protecting children in this country, protecting people from fraudsters, protecting people from the ravages of drug abuse and drug dealing, and violent crime. And I have got folks all over this country, in 56 field offices, and in nearly 400 total offices, doing that work every single day.    And a word about cyber. Every single one of the threats I mentioned increasingly comes at us through the internet. Mr. Chairman, you mentioned the modern FBI in a way was born with the great vector change of the 20th Century. The automobile and asphalt made it necessary to a breathtakingly fast criminal element, 50 miles an hour, 60 miles an hour. We now face a vector change that dwarfs that. Because Dillinger could not do 1,000 robberies in the same day in all 50 states from halfway around the world. That is the threat we face through the internet. It moves at the speed of light. Everybody is next-door neighbors to everybody else on the internet.    So we are working very hard to make sure that my criminal investigators, my counterintelligence investigators, my counterterrorism operators, and all of our international operations are growing our ability to be good in cyberspace. Because to protect kids, to fight fraud, to fight everything we are responsible for, we have to operate there. So that is about people, training, technology, and smart deployment.    I will mention one thing that most folks do not know much about. I had a chance to visit our facility down in Alabama. Most people do not realize the FBI trains all the nation's bomb techs and we do that down at the Redstone Arsenal in Alabama. And we also spend time there building the world's greatest library of improvised explosive devices. Another thing the American people do not realize their hard earned tax dollars have bought, and it is worth the money. We now have the ability when a device is detonated or found anywhere in the world, to compare the forensics of the tool marks, the hairs, the finger prints to thousands of samples we have collected in the operation called TEDAC, which is also centered in Alabama. Work that is kind of hidden from the taxpayers, not intentionally, it just doesn't get a lot of headlines, but makes a big difference.    And then I will close, with what Chairman Rogers mentioned--state and local partners. They are essential to everything we do. I have been to all 56 field offices and I have met with sheriffs and chiefs in all 56 to build those relationships. And I do something else, which I think every member of a family, like the law enforcement family, should do. When an officer is killed in the line of duty, I call that sheriff or that chief to express our condolences and offer help. I make way too many calls.    I have had three officers killed in this country, two yesterday, another one earlier this week. Totally different circumstances; Navajo Indian Reservation; Fond du Lac, Wisconsin; and San Jose, California. Except united by the fact that they were all murdered by thugs and they are people who certainly did not deserve that and leave behind families. I mention this because it leaves me today with a heavy heart. And we are having important conversations in this country, especially about race and policing which I am a huge fan of having. But I am keen to make sure that when we have conversations about law enforcement, we understand what is at stake and the sacrifices made by the men and women in law enforcement, and the kind of people who sign up to do this sort of work. And especially today with the loss of so much life just in the last 24 hours, it is on my mind. So I thought I would mention it.    But I will close with thanking you for your support. The 9/11 Review Commission, as we told the world today, released 129 pages of their report. We declassified as much as we possibly could. And their message is, you have done great. It is not good enough. And that is exactly my message to the FBI. I said that is what it means to be world class. To know you are good, and never, never be satisfied with it.    So we have made a lot of progress in transforming our intelligence capabilities. We still need to go farther. And the American people deserve us to be even better than we are today. And my pledge is, I have eight and a half years to go, and I will work everyday to make us better. So thank you for your time.    Mr. Comey. Yes, thank you Mr. Chairman. The FBI did not have an intelligence career service as recently as 13 years ago. And so we have made great progress, but transforming an organization and creating an entirely new element to the organization, I believe, is a generational project. And Bob Mueller spent a decade on it.    I announced as soon as I started, I was going to spend my decade pushing on that same change. Because it is about attracting great talent, training them and equipping them right, but it is also about having the rest of the organization accept them and learn to work well together with them. And we are doing that extremely well in some places, other places not so much. And so what I am doing is a bunch of different things; but I am training our leaders on what effective integration between operations and intelligence looks like.    I am making it a personal priority so that I review monthly a series of projects to drive that forward. I grade our leaders on it and I am working very hard to make sure that people understand that this is something the FBI has always done. We have always been in the intelligence business. This is about making us better. It should not be a threat to anyone. It is about making this great organization better.    So it is one of my three personal priorities at the FBI, to make sure that I drive that integration between intelligence analysts and our operators, particularly our special agents, and make it good everywhere in the United States.    Mr. Comey. Yes, sir. One of the things I did again with the support of this committee when I started is create a separate Intelligence Branch. So the leader of the Intelligence Branch was much closer to me, I could see that person and drive it. I appointed a very talented Special Agent to that role. But I said I love him as a person, do not like him as a concept. Because that role should be someone who came up through the intelligence career service. And I have got talent coming up towards that but I will not know that we have made material progress until the Intelligence Branch is led by an intelligence career service professional.    Mr. Comey. Yes, that is one I told the Commissioners I need to give more thought to. I do not want to create plans just for the sake of creating five-year plans. I have been at a lot of institutions where people spend a lot of time writing them and then they sit on a shelf. We have got all kinds of plans in the Bureau. What I promised to do is go back and figure out whether there is a missing overarching strategic plan that ought to be written covering a five-year period. And so I told them I would get back to them on that. I do not know yet whether that makes sense for me.    Mr. Comey. Yes, that is a very good news story. We have, I think, broken down a lot of the barriers, both technological and regulatory policy between us and state and local law enforcement we share information with. Most of all, the culture has changed. We now lean forward and push things out as a matter of reflex, which is so great to hear.    I ask about it everywhere I go in the United States, all 50 states. I say how are we doing to the sheriffs and the chiefs, and the answer is you are doing extremely well. We have seen a dramatic change. And it is the right thing to do but there is also a very practical reason, we need these folks.    Our joint terrorism task forces are made up predominantly of state and local law enforcement that contribute their talent to us. So I do think that is a good news story. But as I have said to folks, look, I have a great marriage but I believe I can always find a way to be a better spouse. We have a great relationship with state and local law enforcement. I want to continue to try and improve that if we can.    Mr. Comey. Yes, thank you Mr. Fattah. The work involving kids, by the way, is some of the most important and meaningful that we do. As the father of five I have gone out and visited NCMEC. I have gone and met with all of my folks who do this work and told them there is nothing with deeper moral content than that work. And I tell them that I want you to take care of yourselves, because I worry that it eats my people up.    But the way we approach it generally is--this is kind of a homely metaphor and I was not a football player but I am a football fan and I view the FBI like a safety in football. We have certain assigned coverages, right? Counterterrorism, counterintelligence, non-negotiable, every game, every opponent, that is our responsibility. But beyond that, what I want to do is look to the primary line of defense and say ``where do you need us in this game?'' Do you need us in the flats? Do you need us over the middle? Should we play run support? Should we play deep? That is going to be different in every game against every opponent.    And so the way the metaphor works is, I have told my Special Agents in Charge, in the cities in which you operate, figure out where we can make a tackle. Right? I do not want to jump on piles where people have already been tackled. I do not want to be speared in the back. But figure out where we are needed, right? Because we are a big agency but we are small compared to state and local law enforcement. So figure out where they need us to make a tackle.    And that is institutionalized in a process we call Threat Review and Prioritization. It is a very disciplined and very, very complicated process where we figure out what threats to the United States we are needed to make a tackle on. And in Philadelphia where are we needed, in Phoenix where are we needed, and in Birmingham where are we needed? And then we come up with an annual list.    Mr. Comey. Well, the way in which we make a decision is sit down and talk to people like NCMEC; talk to social services agencies; talk to law enforcement and say, ``Okay, I am the Special Agent in Charge in Philadelphia. Who is doing what to address that problem here?'' Given that, I would rank my priorities,'' and align my resources against it according to where it fits on the priority level.    We do the same thing at the national level. In Washington, we sit there and say, What are the bad things that could happen in the United States that the FBI might be able to help with? Not to be depressing, but there are 304 bad things. Then we say, Okay, given who else is helping with those bad things and the harm that flows from those bad things, how would we rank them? And then we do that and come up with a national threat ranking of all the threats we could face; it is imperfect, but it is a way in which we try to balance it.    Mr. Comey. We do the work you are talking about in every field office.    Mr. Comey. Very much. The transformation that is happening in the FBI is one from a place where we were criticized with some justification for working our in-box. A call came in, we responded to it, and we investigated it. Now we step back and have lots of thoughtful people say, ``So what are the bad things that are going on here that might happen and how do we find out more about them so we can address it before it happens?'' And that is the intelligence transformation.    I am the director of the FBI and I say this with pride: I think we are the best in the world at finding stuff out. What we are getting much better at is being thoughtful about what stuff we need to find out, who else needs to find out the stuff that we found out, and what might we not know; what stuff are we missing, and being much more thoughtful about that. That is taking the intelligence talent and connecting it to the great talent resident in my Special Agents.    Mr. Comey. Yeah, there is not a magic bullet. To us, it is about a full-court press, making sure that we have sources where we need them to be; that we have both the know-how and the technical capability to play in the online space where they are meeting and recruiting and radicalizing; and that we are closely connected to state, local partners--I agree with the chairman, they are far more likely to hear about a guy thinking about leaving the community and going to Syria--and that we are connected with our intelligence partners and our foreign partners who are tripwires for us.    What happened with that guy is the Egyptians spotted him when he was sent back from Turkey, alerted us, and then we were able to lay hands on him.    Mr. Comey. I think you have identified something that does not get the attention that it deserves. DEA, obviously, has the lead here, but we do a lot to support them, so I know a fair bit about this. We see the Mexican traffickers increasingly shifting to heroin, white heroin--it used to be that brown heroin was coming out of Mexico--white heroin is highly pure, and is being pushed into the United States to gain market share. So what is happening is, as you said, Mr. Chairman, it is supplanting pill abuse because it is cheaper, easier to get, and it is extraordinarily deadly. The people using it--sounds like an odd thing to say--do not know how to use heroin, do not realize it is 93, 97 percent pure, and so kids and adults and people of all walks of life are dying all over this country. And as I travel the country, I see it sweeping south and west.    When I became the FBI director 18 months ago, I heard about it a lot in the Northeast and the North Central; now I am hearing about it everywhere I go. For economic reasons, it is cheap and the traffickers are pushing it in. So we are spending a lot of time to work, again, with DEA and our local partners, to disrupt the traffickers to impose costs on them so we can shorten the supply and then drive the price up so we do not have the--I think there were 6,000 deaths from heroin overdoses or more in the United States last year--so we can push those numbers of tragedies down.    Mr. Comey. Cyber is a feature of every threat that the FBI is responsible for. I describe it as an evil-layer cake. At the top level we have nation-state actors who are looking to break into our corporate systems and our government systems to steal all kinds of information for their commission advantage or for their intelligence advantage. Then we have organized criminal groups, very sophisticated hackers looking to steal Americans' information for criminal purposes. Then we have all manners of thugs and criminals and pedophiles down below, and the reason is obvious: Our lives are there. My kids play on the Internet. It is where we bank. It is where health care is. It is where our critical infrastructure is. So those who would do harm to children or money or credit card information or our banks or our critical infrastructure, that is where they come.    So, there is not a single cyberthreat; it is a feature of everything that the FBI is responsible for. The bad guys have shrunk the world, right, because Belarus is next door to Birmingham on the Internet, and so we are working very hard to shrink it back. I can forward-deploy my cyber experts to make the globe smaller so we can impose some costs. Because right now, everybody thinks it is a freebie to steal Americans' information. We have to impose costs on these people, so even though they are in their pajamas halfway around the world, they are afraid to break into an American's life and steal what matters to us.    Mr. Comey. Yes.    Mr. Comey. Yes.    Mr. Comey. Yes.    Mr. Comey. Military intelligence.    Mr. Comey. Russia is a significant player in cyber intrusions, as is China, obviously, two huge operators in that world.    Mr. Comey. Yes.    Mr. Comey. Well, a lot of different things, only some of which I can talk about here. One of the things that we are trying to do is name it and shame it. We did it last year by indicting five members of the People's Liberation Army and publicizing them on posters indicating they were stealing information from American companies, stealing our innovation.    And people say, well, indicting them is not going to do any good, you will never catch them, and I always say, we have more flaws at the FBI because we are humans. We are dogged and never say never. People like to travel, like to have their children educated in the United States or Europe. Never say never. We are trying to impose costs, and part of the costs, though, is the naming, the calling it out. The Chinese are stealing our innovation, our ideas, our creativity, our jobs.    Mr. Comey. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Comey. Folks should exercise the prudence wandering around the electronic neighborhood that they would wandering around any other neighborhood. I have tried to train my children on this, when they cross a parking lot at night in a shopping mall, they are alert. They are thinking about where they are going. They are walking a certain way. They lock their car. People should behave the same way on the Internet. It is actually a bigger neighborhood, a bigger parking lot.    Mr. Comey. And in some ways, more dangerous.    And so what I tell folks is very simple: An email is a knock on your front door. Opening the attachment to an email is opening your front door. You would never open your front door without looking through your peephole and seeing what is there, but all the time folks get an email, they open the attachment and their whole life can be stolen in that moment.    And also know where your children are. You know where your children go to play, right? At least I do. Folks need to know what their kids are doing on the Internet; where are they going; who are they interacting with? It is the kind of parenting and common sense that we seem to exercise in all aspects of our life, except when we are sitting at a keyboard, which makes no sense at all because we just made the entire world our neighbors when you are behind that keyboard.    Mr. Comey. Thank you, Mr. Honda, and thank you for your continued focus on the rape kit backlog. There are rapists out there who will victimize more women and the key to stopping them sits on the shelves in a whole lot of police departments, and so I appreciate your focus on that, and I promise that we will remain focused on it, as well.    With respect to rapid DNA, you are right, we are big fans of the idea of the capability being in booking rooms, that a sample can be taken when someone is arrested and uploaded to CODIS immediately. I have talked to my DNA experts. They have continued to work with the companies--it is a private-company enterprise, as you know, making these devices--to give them guidance on what will be needed to make it able to connect to our database in a way that preserves the sterling reputation of our database.    My folks tell me there are all kinds of challenges around making sure we have the right software and the right hardware to connect the devices, but good progress is being made. They think we are probably two to three years away, though, from being at a place where this is a common feature, even in our biggest cities. I understand that it does require legislative authorization. I do not know exactly sitting here today where that sits inside the Executive Branch. I think perhaps with the Office of Management and Budget being looked at for privacy reasons, but both are marching along at the same time, the technical fix and the legislative fix; that is my understanding today.    Mr. Comey. I agree very much, and it was not out of context. I think it is ridiculous that I cannot tell you with any confidence how many people were shot by the police in any period of time--yesterday, last week, last year--because we do not have uniform reporting that is universal. We have 17,000 police departments in the United States and they are not all reporting to us violent encounters with suspects, so I do not have any confidence in my data.    And what I meant was I think it is ridiculous that I can tell you how many books were sold on Amazon and how many people went to the hospital with the flu last week, but we do not have data. So every conversation about police encounters with citizens is, by definition, uninformed in this country, and that is a crazy place to be.    It is a voluntary system and it requires the support of local and state law enforcement, and so I am working with the sheriffs and the chiefs who all agree with me, to give us this data. What do you need for us to be able to help you give the data? We are going to be talking to Congress I think more down the road about are there incentives that Congress could offer to have folks give us the data, but we are not in a good place now, and it is one of the things I am trying to do, after the speech I gave, to try and improve the records.    Mr. Comey. Thank you. And I should have said--I may have misspoken--the three lives that were lost were police officers; one state trooper and two police officers. I agree, it does not make any difference, it is still great people lost in the line of duty.    With respect to China or any nation/state actor that is engaged in cyber intrusion activity in the United States, the question about what can be done more broadly about them is one that is both beyond the ken of the FBI and one that even if it was the FBI's, we would not discuss it in an open forum. But what we are trying to do is make sure--our responsibility is to investigate cyber intrusions to the United States to make sure that our government has a full understanding of who is doing what so we can figure out, as a country, what to do about it.    One of the things that we have been involved in is bringing criminal charges against some of those actors as part of a toolbox approach to try and change behavior with the Chinese. There are a lot of other things that are beyond the FBI, that I know have gone on, diplomatic, for example, and it is part of a lot of international forums, our government, I know, is working to trying to adopt some norms to try to get the Chinese to go along with them. But it is my function or the FBI's, to understand what they are doing, develop the facts, and then show our government, here is what we see.    Mr. Comey. In a way, I wish I could. That is one of the challenges of this threat. When we talk about travelers, the people that we know, who have gone to Syria to hook up with ISIL, the ages range from 18 to 62. They are from any part of the country, any background. They are or were raised in the Islamic faith or are converts--but they may have all different kinds of backgrounds, be in all different places in the United States, consume this, and develop this view that this is how they will find meaning in life. So the one common characteristic they have, which unfortunately is not a great marker for me finding them, is they are people who are troubled souls seeking meaning in life. But there is not a poverty marker, right? Some of them have jobs. They just have a misguided sense that they need to participate in the Apocalyptic battle. Some of them are kind of losers who have had trouble with jobs or petty crimes. But there is not a particular pattern. We have studied it pretty closely, very closely, and searched for the pattern, but so far I cannot offer you one.    Mr. Comey. We have a huge problem for law enforcement--state, local, and federal--and in national security work. We have court process, where judges issue search warrants or interception orders, and we are unable to execute on those orders because the device is locked or the communications are encrypted. And so we are drifting to a place where a whole lot of people are going to look at us with tears in their eyes and say, what do you mean you cannot? My daughter is missing, you have her phone, what do you mean you cannot tell me who she was texting with before she disappeared.    You know, I keep saying to folks, this is a democracy, we should never drift; maybe that is where we want to go, but I think we need to have a conversation in this country about where we are going. I do not want back doors, right? I want, with court process, the ability to gather evidence after I have shown probable cause to believe on that device there is evidence of a crime. The Fourth Amendment is clearly in play, and I follow it, and I get authority. We need to discuss if we are going to go to a place where we cannot get access.    So it is a huge feature. Sheriffs and chiefs raise it with me everywhere in the country and say, these are important in domestic violence cases, child exploitation cases, car wrecks, and I do not know exactly what the answer is, but it is something we have to talk about.    Mr. Comey. Yeah, we have encountered it in drug cases, all of our work we have encountered it. I am not in a position where I can sort of offer a percentage or a number, but it is a feature now, an obstacle, in a huge percentage of our criminal investigations and it will only become worse. You know, I have heard tech executives say, privacy should be the paramount virtue.    When I hear that I close my eyes and say, try to imagine what that world looks like, where pedophiles cannot been seen, kidnappers cannot be seen, drug dealers cannot be seen. So I do not have a number I can express it as, but I hear it, as you have heard it from the folks in Birmingham, I hear it all over the country. We are drifting to a place and not talking about it.    Mr. Comey. I think one of the things that the Administration is working on right now is, what would a legislative response look like that would allow us, again, not in a sneaky way but with court process, to be able to get access to the evidence. And it is complicated because it involves both communications carriers and device makers. I think ultimately it is going to require some sort of legislative fix that if you want to do business in this country, we are about the rule of law, but we do not want to create spaces that are beyond the reach of the law in the United States, right.    There is no safe deposit box that cannot be opened with authority, there is no car trunk that cannot be opened with authority. We are getting to a place where there are these huge spaces that are beyond the reach of court authority and I think it is going to take a legislative fix.    Mr. Comey. I think that is right. I think we, as a democracy, need to figure out so what are the trade offs associated with the privacy interests, and what are the public safety interests, and how do we reconcile them? It is really, really hard, but it is not splitting the atom. I mean, we do hard stuff and I just think it is a conversation that we have to have.    Mr. Comey. No, the iPhone 6 is designed so that Apple is unable to unlock it. So it becomes the safe deposit box with no second key. The bank cannot get into it, a judge cannot order access to it, so it is very, very----    Mr. Comey. That is correct. And Apple--I am not trying to pick on the folks at Apple or Google--their view is they are responding to competitive pressures. People want to have a zone of privacy, and so do I, but to have a zone of privacy that is outside the reach of the law is very concerning.    But, Mr. Chairman, with respect to the court case, the FBI--our practice has always been to get search warrants for devices. That makes good sense to me, especially given that I do not have a phone with me, but all of our lives are there. It is no longer just a phone, it is a suitcase that is carrying your kids pictures, and your documents, and so it was good sense to me in the Supreme Court's reasoning that this is different than it used to be.    And so it should have Fourth Amendment implications, and that is the way we treat it. If I want to look at your phone, without your consent, I will go to a judge, make a showing of probable cause, get a court order, and, if I can get the phone open, then look at it. The challenge is on our side is our inability to access it even with a court order.    Mr. Comey. Yeah, I do not know anything about that.    Mr. Comey. There is no safe like that in the world.    Mr. Comey. Thanks, Judge. Pretty good, but it is too early for me to give you a high confidence read. I have just been climbing out of my gap--my hole from sequestration, so we have been hiring lots and lots of people. So far so good, and they are staying. Because once you get to do public service it becomes addictive even if other companies are throwing a lot of dough at you.    So my cyber division attrition rates are very low. Folks are getting in and realizing it is fun to do good for a living. But it is early, I do not want to sound over-confident. We should talk again in a year when I have a full two years of data on my side.    Mr. Comey. It is a great question and a really important question because you are right, we are seeing an explosion of the abuse of kids through the Internet and the selling of kids through the Internet.    The answer is yes. We have prosecuted the people behind an outfit, I think, called Redbook, that was in California. We locked up the proprietor of it, running it, one of these backpage.com outfits, and that shut down the site. We may have taken civil action to shut down the site. So, yes, we have.    Mr. Comey. Yeah, we have task forces that focus on this, I am going to forget the number, but it is more than my number of field offices, so we have two in some places. We do this in every field office, we do an operation that I hope you have heard of called Operation Cross Country, where we work with State and local partners. It connects to this cyber stuff because a lot of the ways in which we find the people looking to exploit kids is through those advertisements, where we try to take down, in a swoop, a bunch of these people, rescue the kids, and lock up--I hate the word pimp, because it almost sounds like some sort of '70s comedy thing, these are slavers--we lock up the slavers, and to try and send a powerful message.    So I do not know the second part, I will have to get back to you on the second part of your question, where the funds--the Internet Crimes Against Children fund fits in, but I am sure I can find out quickly.    Mr. Comey. Yeah, thank you for that. I do not know the facts enough to know whether it was January to March at our request, but we do sometimes ask companies to hold off for a little while so we do not alert the bad guys. Because as soon as it becomes public, whoever was doing it goes to ground.    Mr. Comey. Yeah, I do not--the two month window seems odd to me, but it is more than a 24 hour period because often it is a search for the ground zero computer, to see if we can find where the digital dust is from and where the bad guys entered. And in a huge company, sometimes that takes more than just a 24 hour period. But two months I do not fully understand, so I will get smarter about that.    Mr. Comey. Yep.    Mr. Comey. Thank you so much for that. And I too visited there within the last eight weeks, I forget when I was there, and they were just--I could smell the fresh paint and----    Mr. Comey . It is very exciting, because it will make a big difference. It will save lives. That place will literally save lives.    The answer is I think we are doing okay in terms of recruiting and hiring back. We were down many, many, many vacancy slots in the FBI as a result of sequestration. We hired about 2,400 people last year. I am trying to hire 3,000 this year. And then my budget request this year is just simply about being able to sustain that, to hire those folks then be able to keep them on the job.    I do not think I am going to have a problem staffing TEDAC. I am going to transfer people, and I actually went down and met with our staff at Quantico and said, ``Wait 'til you visit Huntsville.'' You'll think, ``I do not want to be sent to Huntsville, wait 'til I try and get you out of Huntsville in about two years.''    So I do not think we are going to have a problem, I think the committee has supported us well enough, and--it sounds like a corny thing to say--I am lucky enough that the FBI has, justifiably, a very strong identity in American life. So people want to work for the FBI and they want to do the kind of work we are doing in Huntsville. Folks are banging down the door.    I advertise for Special Agents, and I get 20,000 applications in two weeks. And so I think we are going to be okay there.    Mr. Comey. The villages.    Mr. Comey. We blow stuff up in the village.    Mr. Comey. There is such a demand for that. Again, that is, as you said, where we, the FBI, train all State and local bomb techs in the United States. There are thousands of bomb technicians in the United States, they are all certified, and they have been trained at the Hazardous Devices School.    To be trained effectively, though, you need to work on buildings that have a real feel to them, that is what the villages are. There is a church, there is a little supermarket, things like that you can practice in.    Mr. Comey. Is it? They just showed me the church, they did not show me the liquor store.    Mr. Comey. But thanks to the support of this Committee and on the Senate side, Senator Shelby's Committee, we have gotten the funding, I forget the number, but to build a number of additional villages, which will really help us. How many additional villages?    Voice. Six.    Mr. Comey. Six additional villages. And people should not think that is a whole new town, it is just a little cluster of buildings. That will enable us to meet the demand.    The military, as it is downsizing, is shrinking its commitment to the Hazardous Devices School, and so we are using again the support we have gotten from Congress to try to make sure that we staff up to make sure that we have a net, that we stay the same. And I think we are going to be okay there was the verdict I got when I was there.    Mr. Comey. Yeah, thank you, Mr. Chairman. It is a big piece of our work and it is enormously challenging.    The number of 150 is the approximate number of Americans who have traveled to Syria in connection with the conflict. Some have gone for humanitarian reasons, some have gone to associate with ISIS, some have gone to associate with the Nusra front or other groups.    So one of our challenges is even with those we identified, try to understand, so what are they doing there? Because not everybody who has gone there went there to be a terrorist, but we treat them all like they are, and we cover them like a blanket when they come back 'til we understand it.    Our challenge is trying to make sure that with our partners in the Intelligence Community, and our foreign partners, we have the tripwires in place to spot Americans who might be, not just going towards that area of the world, but heading towards Syria. This is hard because there are thousands and thousands of Americans every day that fly towards, the Mediterranean Turkey for all manner of good reasons. So we need the help of our partners in the Intelligence Community and our foreign partners to spot those who might transit Turkey. The Turks have been a big help to us there, and that relationship has gotten increasingly better.    And then here at home, our challenge, to come back to State and local law enforcement is, I am not highly confident that 150 is 150 of 175, I am only missing 25, or 150 of 300, I just do not know because, again, it is so difficult in a wonderful free country like ours to know who might be traveling with that purpose.    So that is where it comes into the research we do online to spot them and our relationship with state and local law enforcement.    Mr. Comey. Yeah, we have got a great partner in----    Mr. Comey. I think we are in a good place, Judge, with respect to CBP. They are our key partner here. They are on our Joint Terrorism Task Forces. They are on our National Joint Terrorism Task Force. Because we all recognize that they have the eyes at the border, outbound and inbound, and so we are lashed up with them very, very closely.    One of the lessons of the Boston Marathon bombing was, we needed to make sure that we were even more effective in working with them. The TSA has a great relationship, but the key partner on this traveler bit, it turns out to be CBP. And I do not have a recommendation for improvement on that right now.    Mr. Comey. But if we have an interest in someone, we share that with CBP----    Mr. Comey . Systems----    Mr. Comey. And a flag goes up.    Mr. Comey. Yeah. That is working pretty well.    Mr. Comey. Yeah.    Mr. Comey. Yeah.    Mr. Comey. Yep, thank you, Mr. Chairman. I----    Mr. Comey. Well, I tell a lot of folks when I talk about this in public, Americans should be skeptical of government power. The country was built by people who were. I tell my British friends it is because of you people that we built it the way we built it, to set interest against interest. Because you cannot trust people in power. And so I tell folks, ``Look, I am a nice person. I am an honest person. You should not trust me.''    Mr. Comey. Yeah. You should want to know how is the design of the founders alive in my life? And so The Patriot Act is a great example. If we want to get someone's business records using our authority under Section 215, we have to go to a federal judge and get that authority. And then we have to make a regular report to Congress about how we are using Section 215, and we discuss it in oversight hearings repeatedly.    So the Executive Branch, the Judicial Branch, and the Legislative are working together, and then my work on 215 and all of our Patriot Act authorities is audited by an Inspector General on a regular basis, who reports to Congress. So that is great. I mean, that is burdensome, but that is the way it should be. And so there are judges. There is oversight in every piece of the work we do.    The reason that the Patriot Act authorities matter so much, especially the two that I will mention. Section 215 is the authority that allows us in our national security investigations to go to judges and get authority to get documents or tangible things or records. If that expires and we lose that authority, we will have a gap in our ability to respond to spies and terrorists that I cannot fill with grand jury subpoenas or some other manner or process. That is very, very worrisome. That is a part of The Patriot Act we do not talk about very much.    And the second I will mention is roving wiretaps. In criminal cases, if a drug dealer is swapping phones as they frequently do, a judge can issue an order that allows us to follow the person, so we do not lose him when he switches phones. The Patriot Act gave us that authority when we are fighting spies and terrorists. I think people would want us to have the same authority in spy and terrorism cases that we have in criminal cases. But, again, it involves the authority of a judge, where we have to make a showing to the judge or probable cause, written affidavits; it is all overseen by the courts.    So I think those are sensible things. The challenge is it just took me two minutes to explain it, and often people just sort of nod and say, ``It is terrible what The Patriot Act has done.'' I hope folks do not do that.    Mr. Comey. Yeah.    Mr. Comey. Now, I do not want to say too much, because I hope Mr. Snowden will realize that the greatest country in the world has the fullest and freest criminal justice system in the world. And he will avail himself for the rights and opportunities of being able to defend himself in our criminal justice system, and he will leave Russia and come back here. I want him to get a fair trial, so I do not want to dump on him too much.    I guess what I would say is, those who want to describe someone like that as a hero, need to take the corpus of his work and hug the whole thing.    Mr. Comey. A lot of records. And so you need to take a look at the entire damage to our ability to track terrorists, to track spies, all of the work--the whole corpus of work has to be looked at together.    Mr. Comey. Yeah, thank you, Mr. Fattah. It is something I spent a lot of my life thinking about. And I am still not sure I am expert enough to be useful to you, but here is my take on it. I think we can always be smarter about how we incarcerate, how we use the coercive aspects of the criminal justice system. I also think we can be a whole lot better at preparing people to re-enter society. That is something I think we as a country have done a very poor job of.    But I also want to make sure that if I am involved in an effort like that, that I am thoughtful about what connection, if any, there is between the incarceration rate and the fact that we have historical low levels of crime. I would not want to do anything--and I am not saying people are--but we do not want to do anything where we say 20 years from now, ``Gees, we really got that one wrong,'' because we had achieved a level of reduction that was unprecedented. So I would want to be thoughtful about that. A lot of people smarter than I should think about that.    And the second thing is I want to be data driven. I would want to know who are the people who are in jail in federal prison and why are they there and what are the risks associated with them? Because the reason I say that is, oftentimes I hear people talk about the low-level, non-violent drug offenders in federal prison. I have never put anyone there by that description. And I cannot find a whole lot of federal prosecutors who say, ``Yeah, I prosecuted a low-level, non-violent drug offender.'' And so there may be a lot of folks like that, but I would want to make sure that the data is scrubbed.    But other than that, I am agnostic. I am not a ideological person. I want to be effective.    Mr. Comey. Another big, hard question. Probably all aspects of that are beyond my expertise and my authority, except for one piece. I spent a lot of my life as a prosecutor trying to make sure that criminals were deathly afraid of getting caught with a gun. And that if a criminal is caught, obviously, committing a crime with a gun or just possessing it, there is severe, severe consequences.    I have long believed that most homicides are happenstance homicides. What would otherwise be a fist fight or a rock fight, becomes a shootout because the gun is an article of clothing. It is there in the waistband. The felon has it there or the drug dealer has it there. And that if we can make the criminal--criminals are very good at rational calculation--fear that as an article of clothing, then we will have more fist fights, more rock fights, maybe more stabbings. We will have fewer shootings.    So in Richmond, Virginia, we did an effort to really try and drive into the criminal mind that you should think more about your gun than about your socks and your shoes when you get dressed to go out and deal drugs or hang on the street corner. And I think that is very, very effective.    And so I am a big supporter--not a big part of the FBI's work--of maniacal enforcement of felon-in-possession, drug-dealer-in-possession crimes like that. Because there is no excuse for a criminal to have one. None.    Mr. Comey. Well, as I understand your question, it is just about the effectiveness of the criminal justice system in my experience.    Mr. Comey. (Indiscernible)----    Mr. Comey. Part of a harder conversation.    Mr. Comey. No, none.    Mr. Comey. None. Now, that doesn't mean that----    Mr. Comey . That doesn't mean that ends the policy conversation, which is one the FBI should not be involved in, but yeah, in my experience, our courts are very, very good at offering people a fair trial and then incapacitating them for the rest of their lives in a safe way.    Mr. Comey. Yeah, and I am sure that we can, Mr. Honda. This is something we have a lot of expertise----    Mr. Comey . Practice in, all aspects of the threats around a Superbowl, but we can equip you with that. We do a lot of work around Superbowl events. In fact, I would tell people come to the Superbowl for all kinds of good reasons. If you are coming to try and pick up kids or engage in prostitution involving children, we will be there, and we will be looking to lock you up. So we will get you what you need on that.    Mr. Comey. Sure.    Mr. Comey. I am too rusty.    Mr. Comey. Oh, I thought about it. From the private sector, where I was before coming back to this great job, and on the government side. The answer is we, as a country, cannot allow it. Right? It is against the law. And it, in my view, should remain against the law. It is great to build a fort, but if you start throwing rocks off the parapet or throwing barrels of oil down, it can have knock-on effects that are very, very hard to predict. It could drag us into a place we do not want to be.    So it is unlawful for a private entity to hack back, and it makes good sense to me. But I also agree that there is a crying need from a lot of private enterprise for our government, then, to fill that space. And that is a harder policy question. But we cannot have each of these castles start throwing stuff out into the square. That public space is a place where the government ought to be operating.    Mr. Comey. Right.    Mr. Comey. Yes, it is.    Mr. Comey. Yeah. Why is a criminal justice analog right in the Old West? If the marshal does not provide safety for the folks living in those communities, in those towns, well, then they are going to defend themselves to protect their families from the bad guys. So the government has to fill that public space and defend the citizens (indiscernible).    Mr. Comey. Yeah.    Mr. Comey. Hard question.    Mr. Comey. I do not know of a legal requirement. We could, with a court order, almost always get information from the manufacturer, or we just blow the door off.    Mr. Comey. Thank you.    Mr. Comey. Yeah.    Mr. Comey. But I'm hesitating, I do not know whether I have ever seen a circumstance where we use lawful process to compel a manufacturer to give us assistance. I just do not know enough.    Mr. Comey. Yeah.    Mr. Comey. No, no. Thank you. It is an important issue. I love my IG, as he knows. The only thing I clearly love more is the rule of law. And so I am in a situation where the FBI, Office of General Counsel, has given us legal advice over several General Counsels about what The Wiretap Act and The Grand Jury Secrecy Act provides with respect to our ability to give information to the Inspector General. And so we just have to solve that problem, which should be fairly easy. As you know, the Office of Legal Counsel is looking at the question. I think the new Deputy Attorney General is moving towards resolving this question. I just need someone at a high level in the Department of Justice to say, ``It is okay. You do not have to go to a judge before you can turn over wiretap information or grand jury information to the IG.'' And problem solved. But I have no interest in obstructing the IG.    Mr. Comey. But I also do not want to be--us just willy-nilly turning over stuff that might be protected under the statutes and then have someone say, ``Well, how did you do that? You were told by your General Counsel that the law required this.'' So I just need clarity there. And the other thing I am doing in the meantime is just trying to speed up our business processes.    Mr. Comey. So that we just do whatever we think we have to do (indiscernible) law, but much more quickly.    Mr. Comey. Yeah. I think that is literally a question of building better business process to quickly review and copy and produce and search for information. I will not go into all the boring details, but I have an internal consultant shop that are geniuses at business process. I have put them to work on that saying, ``Figure out how to do this faster.'' It is like making cars. Just figure out how we can do that much more effectively.    I think he will see dramatic improvement there. That is not going to solve this legal question, but I think I can solve the business process. Then, if I can get the leadership, the Department of Justice, to solve the legal question, then it might not all be love, I suppose, with the IG, but it will be in a much better place.    Mr. Comey. Yeah. I have not had situations where there has been problems with that.    Mr. Comey. Not that I can remember.