    Mr. Mulvaney. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Thank you, Mr. Secretary.    I want to come back to some of the discussions we have had earlier about the 2 percent capital requirements and the projections.    I hope you understand our frustration when we start talking about future trajectories and future projections. Before you were responsible, we got an estimate in 2009 that the 2 percent statutory requirement would be hit in 2012. In 2010, we were told it would be hit in 2014. In 2011, we were told again it would be hit in 2014. In 2012, that date moved to roughly 2017. Last year, we were told it would be hit in 2016. And, again, you are telling us here again today it will be hit in 2016, even with the change to the premium, which I want to talk about in a second.    I had a chance to look at the actuarial review and the assumptions that were made. Were you aware, sir, in the assumptions in the 2014 projection that you have used here today and relied on very heavily to say you will be at the statutory requirement by 2016, were you aware that the baseline study assumed no recession, ever?    Mr. Mulvaney. I am just asking you, Mr. Secretary, if you were aware of it or not.    Mr. Mulvaney. If the answer is no, believe me, it wasn't easy to find, so I am not going to think you are a bad person because of it.    Would it surprise you that the baseline assumption never assumes a recession? In fact, would it surprise you that the baseline assumption assumes that unemployment never goes down below 5 percent after 2018, ever?    Mr. Mulvaney. No, but it is what you are relying on when you come to tell us, don't worry, we are still going to hit our statutory requirement by 2016. Yes, it is performed by somebody else and it uses somebody else's analytics, Moody's more specifically, but it is the basis for what you are testifying to, to Congress.    So I am simply asking you if you knew that it assumed there were no recessions and that unemployment was at historic lows for long periods of time?    Mr. Mulvaney. So you were aware, then, in your review of the annual report that under three of the eight scenarios the Fund actually goes negative and needs another bailout at some point in the future?    Mr. Mulvaney. Let's talk about that, because you mentioned that to Mr. Duffy, and he asked you specifically a question of whether or not the premium reduction would materially change the date you expect to hit 2 percent. You said, no, not significantly.    So let's talk about that. How does it change the date?    Mr. Mulvaney. But it must change, right?    Mr. Mulvaney. So how much does it change by?    Mr. Mulvaney. And what is your basis for saying that, sir?    Mr. Mulvaney. Great. Because I couldn't find that on the Web site.    So you are saying you did do analysis, and the end result of that analysis was that it changed it by no more than a year, maybe only a couple of months.    Mr. Mulvaney. Thank you very much.    We have heard today--I heard Mr. Sherman talk before about endeavoring to follow the law. Maybe it was somebody else. Mr. Sherman said that we don't expect it to be immediate. And I think that makes sense.    When was the last time that FHA was in compliance with the legal requirement of the 2 percent capital reserve?    Mr. Mulvaney. I think that is right. Would you recommend to a private citizen that they come to an entity to borrow money that hasn't been in compliance with the law for 6 years?    Mr. Mulvaney. So you would recommend that they come to FHA even though FHA is undercapitalized by law?    Mr. Mulvaney. And you would recommend to them that they would come to FHA even though FHA right now, with the change in the premium, is offering what essentially amounts to and what many folks on both side of the aisle would have called several years ago teaser rates on the premiums in order to build market share.    Mr. Mulvaney. I appreciate that.    Let me finish with this--assuming that I can find my notes, which I can't.    You testified earlier that you threw a couple of lenders off the rolls at FHA. I assume you did that because they weren't following the rules.    Mr. Mulvaney. In order to make sure they are more financially stable, I guess.    Mr. Mulvaney. You also sued some of the larger banks in the Nation and won and received payments from them. I assume that was because they didn't follow the rules either.    Mr. Mulvaney. So I guess my point is this. And we have had this similar conversation in the past--in fact, the recent past with Mr. Watt at FHFA. And it seems like what we are seeing once again is a habit with the Administration, before you were here and since you have been here now, to not only not follow the law but to hold yourself to an entirely different standard than you are holding everybody else. And I just don't think that is appropriate.    But I thank you for your time.