    Mr. Shelanski. I do so swear.    Mr. Shelanski. Thank you very much, Chairman Marino, Ranking Member Johnson, and Members of the Committee, for the invitation to appear before you today. I am pleased to have this opportunity to discuss recent developments at the Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs, OIRA, and report on the progress OIRA has made on the key priorities I outlined when I first appeared before this Committee in July of 2013.    OIRA has a broad portfolio, but one of our main duties is to coordinate the review of significant regulations. The basic principles of regulatory development and centralized review have evolved in a bipartisan way over the course of the last few decades.    The structure of regulatory review that we follow today was established by Executive Order 12866, which is quite simple and straightforward: Regulations should be based on a sound analysis of their impacts. They should be developed with public input and subjected to public scrutiny before they are finalized, and they should be reviewed by a central office to ensure consistency with sound regulatory practice and Administration priorities.    OIRA does not review all executive branch regulations, nor would it be efficient for the office to do so. We review only significant regulatory actions. The most fundamental category of significant regulations are those that are economically significant, the threshold for which under the executive order is an annual effective on the economy of $100 million or more.    Typically, an agency sends a draft of a significant proposed or final rule to OIRA, after which OIRA coordinates an interagency review process. Typically, the agency will agree with some but not all of the comments that it receives from OIRA and the other reviewing agencies. Through discussion and deliberation with interagency reviewers, the rulemaking agency ultimately produces a proposed or final regulation to be published in the Federal Register.    OIRA works to ensure that the costs of new regulations that come to the Office of Review are justified by the benefits. To date, the net benefits of regulations issued through the sixth fiscal year of the Obama administration are about $215 billion. The benefits of these rules are not mere abstractions. They help American families every day by saving lives, preventing illness and injury, and protecting consumers.    As this Administration comes to a close, we intend to maintain the strong regulatory review standards that have guided OIRA's review of regulations throughout the Administration. In December of 2015, I issued a memorandum to deputy secretaries outlining these expectations. The memo asked agencies to adhere to dates established in their fall 2015 regulatory plan and agenda, and to update OIRA about any necessary changes.    The memo acknowledged that agencies will issue many needed regulations through 2016, but requested that agencies strive to complete their highest priority rulemakings by this summer, because OIRA needs sufficient time to thoroughly review all regulations for compliance with applicable statutes, governing executive orders, and OMB circulars.    When I became OIRA administrator in 2013, one of my goals was to increase the predictability of the regulatory review process by improving the timeliness and transparency of OIRA's key functions. Toward that end, and as I committed to do the first time I appeared before this Committee, we have published the regulatory plan and agenda each fall and spring, most recently on November 16, 2015, and May 18, 2016.    OIRA is committed to putting out another regulatory plan and agenda in a timely fashion this fall. OIRA has also worked to improve the transparency of regulatory review. When an agency submits a rule to OIRA for review, the submission appears publicly the next day on OIRA's Web site. This posting provides stakeholders with notice that OIRA is initiating review of a regulation and is available to meet with any party interested in providing input on a rule under review.    The entities with which OIRA typically meets include Members of Congress and their staffs, State and local governments, businesses, trade associations, unions, and advocates from a variety of organizations. OIRA posts a log of all such meetings on its Web site detailing the participants in each meeting, the organizational affiliation of the participant, and post any materials prior to OIRA at the meeting.    One hallmark of this Administration's regulatory policy is our retrospective review effort. Retrospective review, which the President has advanced through Executive Order 13563 and 13610, is a crucial way to ensure that our regulatory system remains modern and streamlined and does not impose unnecessary burdens on the American public. The essential idea is to scrutinize existing rules and assess whether in practice they are achieving their objectives without imposing unnecessary costs.    Agencies release their most recent reports on March 4, 2016, and will submit their next reports to OIRA this month. To date, this Administration's retrospective review efforts are expected to yield an estimated net 5-year savings of $28 billion.    In conclusion, regulations can and do bring great benefits to Americans, but they also carry costs. OIRA works every day to achieve the goals outlined in Executive Order 13563 to protect public health, welfare, safety, and our environment, while promoting economic growth, innovation, competitiveness, and job creation.    It is critical to ensure that Federal agencies base their regulatory actions on high-quality evidence and sound analysis. It is also crucial that a culture of retrospective review is sustained at the agencies as any healthy organization should scrutinize its current approaches to see if they are still relevant and effective in a rapidly evolving economy.    We look forward to continuing our efforts to meet these challenges. Thank you for your time and attention. I would be happy to answer any questions.    Mr. Shelanski. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I would like to take that request back and to see what it would take for us to compile that list, and we will get back to your office as quickly as possible with when we can reply.    Mr. Shelanski. Yes. I will get back to you before July 20 with an answer as to what kind of work I think will be involved with that and when we can do that.    Mr. Shelanski. The memorandum that I issued in December makes clear that we at OIRA need time to make sure that we have done a thorough review. And, we will uphold the standards of the executive order. The consequence that agencies will face if they come to us too late with rules is that we may not have time to do that kind of thorough review, in which case their rule would not be completed by the end of the Administration.    Mr. Shelanski. It's hard to know in advance of any rule being submitted what kind of shape the rule is in, or what the review time will be. Some rules can be reviewed thoroughly and completely in a relatively short period of time; others will take a lot more back and forth, will implicate a lot more of the equities of other agencies.    So it's hard to know in advance what the consequence of a particular late submission will be, but--so the operative principle that we're using is to tell them that if you submit us a rule late and it's a rule that will take more time to do a good job on, it won't be able to be concluded on. I can't tell in advance before I see a rule how long it will take to review or what the process will be, but they are on notice that, you know, we can't shortcut our process and we can't rush rules through at the end.    Mr. Shelanski. If an agency chooses not to send a rule to OIRA, that's something that's very much in their discretion. If it's not a rule that has a court order or a statutory deadline, I don't have any authority to issue a sanction because an agency doesn't send a rule over. But what I can do, and the authority that I do have is to make sure that my office operates in a way that it lives up to its authorizing executive orders.    And so, what I can tell agencies--and again, it's not my--you know, I can tell agencies, look, you are working on this rule and you say you want it done, we're running out of time. And, that's the kind of thing that I can tell them, and then they have to make a decision and be answerable to the public about whether or not they are going to continue with that particular rulemaking.    Mr. Shelanski. Thank you very much, Mr. Johnson. That's a very important question.    I do think it's very important to quantify as much as possible the costs and benefits of a regulation. I think it's important for the American public to understand what regulation is costing them. I think it's extremely important for the business stakeholders to have notice of what their compliance costs might be. It is important that our regulation remain consistent with economic growth and job creation.    On the other hand, we well recognize, and indeed, our executive orders well recognize that there can be limits in our ability to quantify benefits. So there is not a rigid requirement that quantified benefits exceed quantified costs, because there is a recognition that in some places, there are benefits, benefits that can be proven to exist but, as you say, are hard to put a dollar figure on.    So what we ask agencies to do is to quantify as much as available scientific evidence and health evidence will permit, what the reduced illness incidents will be, what the reduced death and injury incidents will be of a rule, and to quantify those by some very well-established techniques.    But we also recognize that in some cases, there will be--the evidence will be difficult to come by. And, there we look for a strong case that the rule will achieve its intended goal of, for example, clean drinking water or cleaner air, and that there is good evidence that those changes will be reflected in public health gains.    So I do not--I would not be in favor of reforming the executive orders and the cost justification principles that underlie them. I think they are very healthy, and I think that they are consistent with providing the kinds of benefits that you articulated, sir.    Mr. Shelanski. Thank you, sir.    My concern about judicial review is of the kind that has been suggested in some proposed legislation, is that it would put judges in the position of reviewing very detailed kinds of factual decisions that expert agencies typically make, and would really overturn decades of precedent about the appropriate scope of deference to fact-finding and decision-making in the agencies. And, the result would be that it would be very hard to move forward in rulemaking if at every given stage, every determination of the agency could be second-guessed, no matter how material on judicial review.    So I do have some concerns about judicial review of OIRA determinations, or a very granular kind of agency determinations for the reasons that you set forth.    Mr. Shelanski. Yes, sir, that is one of the concerns. I think that the system of judicial review that is in place over decades of Supreme Court precedent is designed to have courts take one step back from those kinds of very detailed, substantive determinations. And, my concern would be that agencies would find it very difficult to make progress on necessary regulations, regulations that respond to pressing public needs, if they would face that kind of judicial review.    Mr. Shelanski. Mr. Shelanski. Thank you very much, Mr. Ratcliffe. This touches on a very important issue. President Obama, in some of the executive orders that he has issued that govern OIRA, has actually very strongly encouraged the independent agencies to use some of the rigorous cost-benefit analysis that is--that executive branch agencies are subject to during OIRA review.    I do have some concerns, separation of power concerns and other concerns, about subjecting independent agency rulemaking formally to OIRA scrutiny. I do agree, however, that the principles of cost-benefit analysis are ones that are good for any agency, whether it's executive branch or independent; and that encouragement of those agencies to use those kinds of mechanisms would benefit the quality of their rulemaking and the American public.    Mr. Shelanski. I have not run my own business, sir.    Mr. Shelanski. That's correct, sir.    Mr. Shelanski. Just the household, sir.    Mr. Shelanski. Thank you. I think that that's a hard question. I will say this: Small businesses face unique challenges, and we have a system of regulatory review that is set up to try to take specific note of those. And, we do work closely with the Office of Small Business Advocacy to try to understand the specific effects that will occur on small businesses. So we certainly work to try to make it just about right.    Mr. Shelanski. I think that the problem you allude to is a problem of cumulative burdens of regulation----    Mr. Shelanski . That each regulation in itself may have a justification and may look fine, but by time you're a business starting up and you have got multiple regulations that you need to address, it becomes a very difficult enterprise. I think that to deny that this is a critically important challenge for regulatory review and for agency rulemaking would not be candid.    We do strive at OIRA, when we meet with stakeholders and when we work with agencies, to try to get agencies to look more broadly outside of their rule to understand what this rule does to add to the effects on profit margins in a particular sector.    So it is within our mandate, and it is something that we have worked very hard to do. The best answer I can give you is, this is an area in which we continue to work with agencies. I will agree with you that more attention needs to be paid to how we can account for cumulative burdens.    Mr. Shelanski. Yes, sir.    Mr. Shelanski. The Administration has issued its view on the REINS Act, and I think that what underlies that view is a concern that Congress has the authority already to disapprove any major regulation under the Congressional Review Act.    Mr. Shelanski. Yep. So one of the concerns is, under the REINS Act, an agency would issue a major rule, and then there would have to be a majority of Congress to ratify that rule. I think my concern is that this could really make it very difficult for important major rules to get done because they would--they could be done very well. They could meet a very specific need, and then still not marshal the necessary majority.    Mr. Shelanski. Thank you.    Mr. Shelanski. Thank you, sir.