    Mr. Yarmuth. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thanks to the witnesses. I want to get some clarification on this PERM rate, because I am not sure I understand it. If you characterize these as errors, are these errors that CMS made, or are they errors that--just some kind of incorrect payment was made? So you would have had, for instance, a bill come in that was coded incorrectly, wrong procedure, whatever it is, and--would that have been counted as an error?    Mr. Yarmuth. So it wasn't a mistake that you made, it was a mistake that somebody who was sending the bill in made, is that correct?    Mr. Yarmuth. I understand, but this is not necessarily an----    Mr. Yarmuth . Indication of negligence on the part of CMS.    Mr. Yarmuth. And I have got my problems, as everybody does, with CMS, but if somebody sent in a bill on a fee-for-service basis for $100, and they were actually only entitled to $90, that would be an error under this----    Mr. Yarmuth . Report? Now, would that total $100 be counted in the 14 billion? My point being that----    Mr. Yarmuth . I think there is the danger here--and I am a former journalist. There is a danger here that somebody would look at this report and say the mistakes cost taxpayers $14 billion in 2013, when, in fact, they didn't cost taxpayers $14 billion, they cost them some--could be a very small fraction of $14 billion. Am I analyzing that correctly?    Mr. Yarmuth. Right. I just want to make that clear, because, again, I think there is a danger in taking these numbers and blowing them out, at least not with a full understanding of what they represent.    And, Mr. Bagdoyan, looking at the numbers there, I did the same calculations that Mr. Kennedy did, and on the deceased question, looking at it another way, it was one out of every 46,000 beneficiaries. Just on the total beneficiary problems, it was one out of every 742, and on the provider problems it was one out of every 2,753. Now, I think, again, there is a danger in looking at it and saying, 8,600 beneficiaries got benefits in two states, but----    Mr. Yarmuth . It is a relatively small number. I would be negligent if I didn't spend time talking about the Kentucky experience, because I know my colleague from Indiana talked about how states are worried about paying for the Medicaid expansion. I think everybody has some concern over what the impact will be, but--in Kentucky--and I need to congratulate Governor Beshear and his team. Under the expansion of Medicaid, more than 520,000 Kentuckians now have insurance who didn't have it before. The ACA, the uninsured rate across the state has been reduced by almost half. In my district alone, the uninsured rate has been reduced by 81 percent, which is a phenomenal occurrence--I think a very humane one.    But more importantly, the governor just had the Deloitte Firm, highly respected accounting and business consulting firm, do an analysis and a project as to what the ACA would mean to Kentucky over the next 6 years. And, again, most of this is because of Medicaid expansion, but the vast majority of the newly insured are part of the Medicaid expansion. The Deloitte Firm concluded that over the next 6 years the ACA, in Kentucky, would create 40,000 new jobs, it would have a positive impact on the economy--additional impact on the economy positive of $30 billion, and would have a positive impact on Kentucky's budget over the next 6 years of $819 million.    So, I think that it is easy to sit here and say, gosh, what are states going to do when they have to pay 90 percent in 2021, or 95 percent in 2017 or '18? But, in fact, an analysis of our situation shows that it is going to have a positive impact well into the 2020s. So I wanted to get that on the record as part of this discussion, and with that, Mr. Chairman, I yield back.