    Sheriff Brown. The difference is exactly that. Much like all of you are elected and you have a responsibility to the citizens that put you here in Washington, I have that same responsibility. When there are problems in my county, those phone calls come to my office.    I cannot deal with either disciplinary issues or officer conduct issues with the Forest Service LEO in my county. However, if we have a good relationship, and I will tell you that I do today; and I can tell you that 15 years ago I did not. Things have changed for me in my county, and I have the ability to work with the Special Agent and the ability to speak directly with the Director here in Washington.    If there are issues, we can talk those things through; and I have to be able to assure the people that elected me, that put me in the position that I am in, that those issues are being addressed. Much like I would hold my deputies accountable, I expect the Forest Service to hold their officers accountable as well.    Sheriff Brown. Well, I think everything that they do that is consistent with their mission. There is no imaginary line where the national forest starts and the county ends. The county's boundaries surround the national forest. The sheriff has complete authority and jurisdiction on all state laws within that national forest.    We typically will not enforce Code of Federal Regulation; Forest Service will do that. It typically and traditionally was timber theft, resource protection issues, especially when there was a great deal of logging occurring, which there is not today. So, one might argue there is not a great deal of timber theft, but there are a lot of resource issues.    In addition to that, I think sheriffs across the West concur that these armed officers--and by no means are we suggesting we disarm the Forest Service--but these armed officers have responsibility if they are going to be out there to make sure that if something is happening that is a detriment to a forest user or forest visitor, that they are authorized and trained to take action.    But, we also want recognition of the sovereignty of the Office of Sheriff, and we want the Forest Service to recognize and work with sheriffs and communicate with sheriffs. I think that the suggestion of the local oversight, the law enforcement councils for local oversight are going to give us that opportunity to work together and communicate very specifically on issues that have come out of Montana on this trail ride.    If law enforcement is communicating with the users of the forest, with the sheriff in that county, we are going to have a much, much better working relationship.    Sheriff Brown. Two things. The local councils are the first thing. If the Special Agent in Charge in my particular case has Oregon, Washington, and Alaska. If we are regularly meeting, and through the Western States Sheriffs' Association we created a Memorandum of Agreement, the Forest Service has signed onto it, and it calls for that accountability issue.    When a sheriff can make a complaint to a captain or a SAC, and that SAC or captain comes back and says, ``Sheriff, here is how we have addressed it. Here is the resolution.'' We then can go back to our constituent and say, ``Listen. It is taken care of. I can assure you of that.''    Those are the kinds of things I think through local oversight that we will be able to resolve much quicker than we have in the past.    Sheriff Brown. The issue really stems, I guess, or goes back to the basic understanding of our community--what does the sheriff do and what does the Forest Service do? When it comes to safety, the calls that I am getting, the calls that I have received have been, ``Sheriff, I got stopped,'' or, ``I was stopped,'' or, ``I was contacted by a Forest Service guy wearing a gun. Does he have jurisdiction? Does she have jurisdiction?'' It is that confusion in some of the minds of the people that have had to deal with that.    Then an explanation, I think, that is warranted that says, ``OK. Let me try and explain to you. Here is what they can do. Here is how they enforce it under Code of Federal Regulation, and here is where their authority starts or stops.''    Well, if that continued contact, in my particular case, rises to a point where somebody feels they are being harassed or constantly picked on, et cetera, and I cannot get resolution through the local patrol captain or the local SAC, which for a lot of years we could not, then I think it creates a safety issue.    Until we open up those lines of communication and we get an understanding from all sides that are involved in this, we will not resolve these issues. Things are better today than they have been in the last 5, 6, 7 years, and I think it is directly tied to the relationship that the Western State Sheriffs has developed with the Director of Law Enforcement for the Forest Service.    We have a new Director at the BLM. We are working on that relationship as well. Ninety percent of the public lands in this country are out West. I think things for the most part are good, but there are places where we have to work on relationships, communication, and an understanding of authority.    Sheriff Brown. It is not structural because the Forest Service structure for their command has not changed in 15 years. It is people.    Sheriff Brown. In my case, it is a person. There was no accountability for that person in my county. That person has since retired, and things began to get a little bit better.    Sheriff Brown. That is right.    Sheriff Brown. That is a great question. I am not, and in fact, that is something the Western Sheriffs have begun talking about, and especially with a service provider that may be able to assist us in establishing either on-line or in-person training courses that will talk about that very thing, that interaction, that scope of authority, the jurisdiction, how we intermingle within our public lands, within our counties.    Sheriff Brown. My first thought about that is one more layer of bureaucracy is going to muddy the water even more than it may already be. I think the best chance for oversight comes at the local level; and I think establishing these law enforcement councils at the local level where the sheriff, Special Agent from the BLM, Special Agent from the Forest Service, the patrol captains and commanders from both of those public agencies are involved are going to be our best opportunity for oversight.    Sheriff Brown. My answer to that is back when the Forest Service was, I guess, a strong agency both financially and people-wise--the district rangers, the Forest supervisors, the regional foresters, those people lived in our communities; their kids went to school with our kids; they went to the same churches together. We knew each other, we worked with each other, and who best knows what needs to happen on the national forest or that particular ranger district than a district ranger or a Forest supervisor?    Those people used to be within the line of authority of the law enforcement component as well. When the structure changed, that changed, and our relationships began to change. We no longer negotiate co-op agreements with our district ranger. We no longer sit and talk about operational planning for law enforcement or functions on the national forest with our Forest supervisor or our district ranger. They are not in that chain of command anymore.    I know there are particular reasons why maybe ``de-stovepiping,'' if you will, will not work; but I think that there has to be a reintegration somehow at the local level of the law enforcement.    Sheriff Brown. There are models across, I am sure, many states. In my particular region, we have two law enforcement councils that the membership is made up of all of the local police departments and the county sheriffs within a three- to four-county region. And those issues are really to talk about common problems.    In one particular county, it is a county with nine different police departments with one prosecuting attorney. That particular prosecuting attorney is dealing with various issues, whether it is tied to pursuits, or drug cases, or child sex abuse cases; so there is some uniformity in discussions at these local law enforcement councils.    I am suggesting we can accomplish much the same thing if we are meeting with our Federal land manager or law enforcement agencies to talk about operational planning--whether the Rainbow Festival is coming to your county next year, or whether it is off-road vehicle use, or trail use, or trail construction, that's happening a lot in my county that is illegal.    But those things, I think, have to be talked about. I do not want to do the job of a Federal law enforcement officer. I do not want to do resource protection issues. By default, we do some of that under state law, but I do not have either the resources or the time to do that.    But if they are going to be out there doing it, there are going to be times when they are coming across things that are primarily and traditionally the role of the sheriff, and we need to de-conflict those.    Sheriff Brown. Not only would I be willing, but I would demand it in my county.    Sheriff Brown. Yes, sir.