    Mr. Ratcliffe. The Homeland Subcommittee on Cybersecurity, Infrastructure Protection, and Security Technologies will come to order.    The subcommittee meets today to hear what the Department of Homeland Security is doing to secure U.S. Government networks from cyber hackers. The magnitude of the latest breach at the Office of Personnel Management, or OPM, and the impact that it will have on tens of millions of Americans and our National security for decades to come is simply unacceptable.    OPM was warned about its poor IT security. Yet, we still found them asleep at the switch. To put it in perspective, OPM was responsible for safeguarding extremely sensitive data, personnel files, and security clearance information for tens of millions of Federal employees. Yet, OPM's efforts to secure its networks were frankly laughable. The stakes were immense. Yet, the cybersecurity efforts were pathetic. In my opinion, this could be classified as cybersecurity malpractice.    The Federal agency guarding this sensitive information demonstrated gross negligence and willful disregard of earlier warnings. We need to know who in this administration is really in charge and who is truly responsible for securing our Federal Government's civilian information systems.    The nature of the compromised data is particularly concerning because it contained the personally identifiable information, or PII, of what is now known to be at least 14 million Federal and Congressional employees and military personnel. Not only did we fail to protect that PII, we failed to protect the security clearance background check information contained on the Questionnaire for National Security Position form, also known as the SF-86.    The individuals who serve our country, often risking their lives, disclose substantial personal information on these forms to get special clearances to handle our Government's secrets, and they have every right to expect that their information will be safe. But, as we have learned, OPM struggled to implement even the most basic network security protocols.    This was spelled out in the November 2014 inspector general report 1 month before the breach occurred. The Government Accountability Office has drawn similar conclusions. Specifically, the inspector general found lackluster information security governance and even recommended that OPM shut down all of its information systems that lacked the valid authorization.    Additionally, in 2014, DHS presented to OPM a mitigation plan with recommendations for improving its information security. The question then is why the recommendations from DHS and others were not required and fully implemented by OPM.    Unfortunately, the White House response to the OPM breach has been incredibly disappointing. The Federal Government was attacked. Yet, there is no indication that there will be any consequences from these actions. In addition, the U.S. Chief Information Officer, Tony Scott, has called for a, ``30-day cybersecurity sprint,'' for Federal agencies to secure their networks and data.    So the White House is essentially calling on Federal agencies to step up and do in the next 30 days what they were already required to do. Our country's cybersecurity shouldn't be a 30-day sprint exercise, but, rather, a dedicated marathon, a long, sustained, and comprehensive effort to protect our country from escalating and rapidly evolving cyber attacks. This administration's response is superficial. It is not serious, and it doesn't reflect the gravity of the threats facing our Nation right now in cyber space.    It is clear that the Nation is under attack, under siege, by state and non-state actors and our defenses at OPM and in the Federal Government are woefully inadequate. As such, in this hearing today, we will examine the cyber capabilities that DHS is providing to OPM and to other Federal civilian agencies, how quickly these tools are being deployed Government-wide, and, ultimately, what vulnerabilities and gaps remain in our cybersecurity posture.    Last December Congress passed the Federal Information Modernization Act, or FISMA, to give DHS the authority to carry out the operational activities to protect Federal civilian information systems from cyber intrusions. Now that DHS has these authorities, we want to hear how DHS plans to execute the new law and rapidly implement its binding directives and other Federal information security capabilities to more quickly secure the .gov domain.    Additionally, DHS' EINSTEIN and Continuous Diagnostics and Mitigation program, or CDM, were designed to protect Federal civilian agency systems. Yet, not every Federal agency has adopted them. Why is that the case?    Although these programs aren't a silver bullet to prevent further cyber attacks, both play a vital role in what should be a defense-in-depth cybersecurity strategy. Now more than ever DHS needs to rapidly deploy its cyber capabilities and show strong leadership to protect our Government's networks and most sensitive information from cyber hackers.    I also hope that, if nothing else, this latest attack on OPM servers will prove to be a catalyst to get the United States Senate to act and pass the strong and bipartisan House-passed cybersecurity information-sharing legislation.    These bills would, in part, authorize DHS' EINSTEIN program and allow for greater sharing of cyber threat indicators so both the public and private sectors can more effectively block known and malicious cyber intrusions.    From my vantage point as Chairman of this subcommittee and as a former terrorism prosecutor, cybersecurity is National security. The United States Government is under cyber attack from nation-states and criminal groups, and I look forward to hearing from our witnesses today on what the Department of Homeland Security is doing about it.    Mr. Ratcliffe. The Chairman now recognizes the Ranking Minority Member of the subcommittee, the gentleman from Louisiana, Mr. Richmond, for any statements that he may have.    Mr. Ratcliffe. The gentleman yields back.    The Chairman now welcomes and recognizes the Chairman of the full committee, the gentleman from Texas, Mr. McCaul, for his opening statement.    Mr. Ratcliffe. I thank the Chairman.    Other Members of the committee are reminded that opening statements may be submitted for the record.    Mr. Ratcliffe. We are pleased to have with us today a panel of distinguished witnesses on this important topic.    Dr. Andy Ozment is the assistant secretary for the Office of Cybersecurity and Communications within the National Protections and Programs Directorate at the United States Department of Homeland Security.    Welcome back, Dr. Ozment.    Mr. Greg Wilshusen is the director for information security issues at the Government Accountability Office.    We're glad to have you with us today, sir.    At this time I will ask both witnesses to stand and raise your right hand so that I may swear you in to provide testimony.    Mr. Ratcliffe. You may be seated.    The witnesses' full written statements will appear in the record.    The Chairman now recognizes Dr. Ozment for 5 minutes for his opening statement.    Mr. Ratcliffe. Thank you, Dr. Ozment.    The Chair now recognizes Mr. Wilshusen for 5 minutes for his opening statement.    Mr. Ratcliffe. Thank you, Mr. Wilshusen.    I now recognize myself for 5 minutes for questions. As I mentioned in my opening statement, the OPM servers that were breached contained National security clearance information and other highly sensitive personal information.    When asked why that information was not encrypted, OPM administrators have testified that the servers in question were obsolete and would have crashed had that been attempted.    Dr. Ozment, if that is the case, it begs the question: Why on earth would OPM be storing such sensitive information on obsolete systems that cannot be encrypted?    Mr. Ratcliffe. Let me ask you about that, Dr. Ozment, because I have two questions that relate to that.    I read a summary of your testimony last week, and it appeared that it was your opinion that, even had this sensitive information been encrypted, it wouldn't have made a difference in the breach for that reason that you just mentioned.    But isn't it true that, had there been multi-factor authentication in addition to encryption, that this breach could have been prevented?    Mr. Ratcliffe. Right. But I am asking for your opinion.    Do you think, had there been multi-factor authentication at OPM, that this particular breach could have been prevented?    Mr. Ratcliffe. Okay. So let me ask you about this authorized credentials that you just mentioned.    So, as I understand that, the user, if you will, on its face was authorized to be there. That being the case, what cybersecurity measures or best practices are intended to specifically identify anomalies in the behavior of purported authorized users?    In other words, some authorized users might be in places or using devices that they typically wouldn't be using. Isn't that right?    Mr. Ratcliffe. Were those employed at OPM?    Mr. Ratcliffe. Okay.    Mr. Ratcliffe. All right. Very quickly, Mr. Wilshusen, the Chairman referenced the enactment of FISMA back in December 2014.    Do you think that the Department of Homeland Security has the necessary authorities right now to be successful in carrying out its mission of protecting Government networks?    Mr. Ratcliffe. Terrific. I think Dr. Ozment commented on the information-sharing bill that passed the House that the Chairman referenced earlier. I would like your opinion.    Do you agree with Dr. Ozment that that bill could help block future threats?    Mr. Ratcliffe. Thank you. My time is expired for this round at least.    I would like to recognize the Ranking Member for 5 minutes for his questions.    Mr. Ratcliffe. The gentleman yields back.    The Chairman now recognizes and welcomes to the subcommittee the former district attorney from New York and gentleman from New York, Mr. Donovan, for 5 minutes for his questions.    Mr. Ratcliffe. The gentleman yields back.    The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Rhode Island, Mr. Langevin.    Mr. Ratcliffe. The gentleman yields back.    The Chair now recognizes my colleague from the great State of Texas, Ms. Jackson Lee.    Mr. Ratcliffe. I thank the gentlelady. The gentlelady yields back.    I now would like to recognize my friend and colleague from Florida, Mr. Clawson, for his questions.    Mr. Ratcliffe. The gentleman yields back.    The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania, Mr. Perry, for his questions.    Mr. Ratcliffe. The gentleman yields back.    Like Congressman Langevin, I was hoping that we might get to a second round of questions. But based on the updated vote schedule and out of respect to our witness on the second panel, we will move now to that second panel.    So I thank the witnesses for their testimony and the Members for their questions at this first part of our hearing today.    As was indicated, some of the Members have additional questions for the witnesses. We will ask you to respond to those in writing. The committee will now take a very short break so that the clerks can prepare the second panel.    Mr. Ratcliffe. I would like to welcome our second distinguished panel today, Dr. Daniel Gerstein, with The RAND Corporation and former acting under secretary for the Science and Technology Directorate at the Department of Homeland Security.    Welcome, Dr. Gerstein. At this time I will ask you to stand and raise your right hand so that I can swear you in to testify.    Mr. Ratcliffe. You may be seated.    Dr. Gerstein's full statement will appear in the record.    The Chair recognizes you now for 5 minutes for an opening statement.    Mr. Ratcliffe. Thank you, Dr. Gerstein.    I now recognize myself for 5 minutes for questions.    So, Dr. Gerstein, you were in the room today and had a chance to listen to the testimony of our first panel. So I want to start there.    Obviously, we spent some time in this hearing and much of last week talking about the OPM breach. As a former DHS officer now on the outside looking in, I would like to get your perspective on that and specifically whether or not you have an opinion to the question that I was asking earlier about whether or not there is any legitimate excuse for why encryption and multi-factor identification shouldn't have been deployed at     Mr. Ratcliffe. Well, you mentioned underinvesting. But Federal agencies face similar problems with budgets and resources all the time.    I guess I would like to know if you have any recommendations for Federal CISOs with respect to devoting those resources to combat this particular threat.    Mr. Ratcliffe. So, Dr. Gerstein, you heard Dr. Ozment's testimony. I asked him specifically about--and he was able to confirm--the published reports out there that this breach was accomplished by using authorized credentials.    So, in effect, the user here with respect to the network appeared to be an authorized user. We seem to be increasingly seeing that as a cyber intrusion method in other places besides the OPM attack.    So I guess I would like to hear your perspective on what cybersecurity measures and best practices can be employed to identify those anomalies where you have authorized users in places where they shouldn't be.    Mr. Ratcliffe. Thank you, Dr. Gerstein. My time has expired.    The Chair now recognizes the Ranking Member, Mr. Richmond. The gentlemen yields.    The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Rhode Island, Mr. Langevin.    Mr. Ratcliffe. The gentleman yields back.    The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania, Mr. Perry.    Mr. Ratcliffe. The gentleman yields back.    The Chair now recognizes the Ranking Member, the gentleman from Louisiana, Mr. Richmond.    Mr. Ratcliffe. The gentleman yields back.    I thank Dr. Gerstein for his valuable testimony. I thank the Members for their questions today.    The Members of the committee may have some additional questions for you, Dr. Gerstein. If that is the case, we will ask you to respond to those in writing.    Pursuant to committee rule 7(e), the hearing record will be held open for a period of 10 days.    Without objection, the subcommittee stands adjourned.