    Mr. Kerlikowske. Chairman McCaul, Ranking Member Thompson, distinguished Members of the committee, I returned on Sunday morning from California, where CBP had an integral role in safeguarding the Super Bowl. I witnessed the numerous aspects of CBP's broad and complex mission all in one place, providing security and surveillance on the ground and from the air, screening cargo and deliveries for weapons and other dangerous items.    CBP has a critical role in securing international travel against the threat of terrorists and their supporters, while facilitating lawful travel and tourism. Every day, we process 1 million travelers.    As you know, before boarding a U.S.-bound flight, most foreign nationals must obtain a non-immigrant visa, issued by a United States embassy or consulate, or the traveler must apply for travel authorization through CBP's ESTA program.    Through ESTA, CBP conducts enhanced vetting of these applicants, in order to assess whether they are eligible to travel and whether they pose a potential risk to the American people. Over the last 15 months, we have worked with the DHS, under Secretary Johnson's leadership, to strengthen the security of the program, through enhancements to ESTA, in order to identify those who may pose a threat to the United States.    We have introduced additional data fields that have increased the ability of CBP and the National Counterterrorism Center to identify applicants with potential connections to terrorism. In addition to these enhancements, this past August, DHS further announced security measures for Visa Waiver Program countries, including increased traveler data collection, analysis, and reporting, the requirement that INTERPOL's lost and stolen travel document database be used, and the required use of electronic passports, which contain additional security features.    On December 18, the President signed into law the Consolidated Appropriations Act of 2016, which includes the Visa Waiver Program Improvement and Terrorist Travel Prevention Act of 2015, with some exceptions for official military and Government law.    The law prohibits VWP travel for individuals who have been present, at any time, on or after March 1, 2011, in Iraq, Syria, or countries designated as state sponsors of terrorism, which currently includes Iran and Sudan. It also prohibits VWP travel for the individuals who are dual nationals, as of one of these countries and a VWP country.    Well, we began implementing some of the changes required by the new law very quickly. We have already revoked or cancelled 17,000 ESTA travel authorizations. We have established, in conjunction with our interagency partners, a terrorist travel prevention cell at our National targeting center.    The cell will enhance the Department's efforts to identify and prevent foreign terrorist fighter travel. A subset of that cell's mission will be to scrutinize individual waiver requests on a case-by-case basis that is permitted under the new law.    Additionally, CBP will add new fields to the ESTA application by the end of the month, and we will ask additional questions to further improve our ability to vet individual travelers and make decisions about their eligibility, in accordance with the recent changes.    Well, as terrorists change their methods and tactics, and DHS is going to continue to work with our Federal and international partners to counter foreign fighter threats to the homeland.    We will continue to strengthen our travel security programs and systems, enhance our capabilities to secure international air travel against terrorists and others who threaten the safety of the traveling public and the security of our Nation.    Chairman McCaul, Ranking Member Thompson, and Members of the committee, thank you for the opportunity to testify today. I look forward to answering your questions.    Mr. Kerlikowske. I was not consulted concerning the letter that went out shortly after by the Secretary, by Secretary Kerry. I can tell you that there has been a huge amount of consultation and work, in a team effort, every moment since.    Mr. Kerlikowske. I would say the assessment is more of this, is that Secretary of Homeland Security, Secretary Johnson, made it explicitly clear to me 2 days ago, until there is a process in place in the cell, that absolutely no waiver would be granted.    Further, I think that the fact that we will work together and even though, as Hillary mentioned, these--this framework provides information, it doesn't mean that someone that applies as a journalist, or as some type of request in that way, will actually even be granted that. Of course----    Mr. Kerlikowske. I think there are two issues that are really important in this, and one is that many of the organizations, people that are from Visa Waiver partners, Germany, Sweden, France, et cetera, either as dual nationals, who, by the way, have already been cancelled, but many of those individuals in those countries want to do or are going to do work.    We share vital security information every day with those Visa Waiver Program countries. Keeping good communication, good relationships, the ability to sign those international agreements with them is critical.    So I certainly see the nexus with the National security interest in some parts. But, again, I would go back and say it doesn't mean that if an application is received in one of those framework areas that it would necessarily be granted. We would look at it very carefully, and Secretary Johnson would look at it very carefully.    Mr. Kerlikowske. Correct.    Mr. Kerlikowske. So, I can't tell you the number of people or what the number of applicants would be, or what the number actually would be expected. I can tell you that the National Targeting Center, and particularly by standing up this cell with our partners at the Department of State is helpful, but that National Targeting Center is incredibly flexible and agile.    If you go back to the Ebola crisis with well over 30,000 people then with travel from one of those Ebola-affected countries, our Customs and Border Protection people, an organization of over 60,000 personnel, could move very quickly to address these types of things.    Whether it was in the air cargo attempted bombing, or others--but I don't know the numbers.    Mr. Kerlikowske. I don't know what we would expect, and then how long it would take to carefully and thoroughly vet or screen anyone who made that request.    Mr. Kerlikowske. In the President's budget request that has gone up, there is a request for 40 additional personnel for the National Targeting Center. Now, I would tell you that that is not based upon, particularly, this, which came about very quickly.    But the fact that that National Targeting Center has proved invaluable, whether it is for Ebola or whether it is screening foreign fighters. It is--as many Members of Congress have visited it, it is a very important and necessary organization that needs to be adequately staffed.    Mr. Kerlikowske. I did not.    Mr. Kerlikowske. Well, I think there is a very--I would tell you that many people within Customs and Border Protection--I have broad authority over a very large number of issues. Our people, as she stated, our people participated very closely and worked on all of the aspects that have been mentioned. I did not, myself.    Mr. Kerlikowske. I have been aware of the--certainly, of the law as it was being debated, yes.    Mr. Kerlikowske. I was not involved in the drafting of the press release, but I certainly have been involved in how CBP would work to enforce the new law passed by Congress and signed by the President.    Mr. Kerlikowske. After the fact.    Mr. Kerlikowske. I was not involved in the drafting of the categories or the framework.    Mr. Kerlikowske. So the process that would be outlined for us, standing up this cell at our National Targeting Center, would be this. The request would come in. For example, if it is a non-governmental organization doing humanitarian work, that Electronic System for Travel Authorization, ESTA, has a new series of questions.    Those questions will be ready and be on-line by February 23. The questions involve not only, of course, have we identified that person, but what organization do you work for. Is the organization noticed by the United Nations for humanitarian work?    Who would be the person that would say that you are an employee and that the work that you were doing in that country is part of that nongovernmental or humanitarian organization? What--you were there, in fact, on their behalf and doing their work.    Any derogatory information would result in a default position, where they would be denied travel and then told to go to a United States embassy or a consulate. So that is an example of the kinds of questions we would ask.    Mr. Kerlikowske. From the Customs and Border Protection standpoint, the information that we get from ESTA, which has been around many decades and 90 million people have traveled, many more people--many people, of course have been denied entry, as a result of that information.    All of that combines together. These countries that have been talked about that are members of VWP are great partners. We secure information and share information with them. We depend on them. We are only going to be a safer country when, in fact, we engage in those kinds of things.    I would think the suspension of ESTA, the suspension of VWP, would have some significant effects on those relationships and that ability that we have now to share information. At our National Targeting Center, we have members from--who have been fully vetted from other organizations in other countries.    So working together is critical, and I think the VWP program is a security and safety program, as much as in the past, when it was designed to facilitate tourism and the ease of travel. It is a security program now.    Mr. Kerlikowske. I think the law enforcement interest is a narrower interest and would be involving where someone is coming back into the United States, and, as the Chair mentioned, would be under surveillance, or we would want to have, because that person is being targeted. Perhaps, that person is also being part of extradition.    The National security interest, as has been explained, in keeping Visa Waiver Program countries in partnership, in collaboration with us on information sharing, on using these finite resources to take a look at that.    Mr. Kerlikowske. Remember, these are just frameworks.    Mr. Kerlikowske. Sure. Okay.    Mr. Kerlikowske. No, ma'am.    Mr. Kerlikowske. I have heard it, yes.    Mr. Kerlikowske. So the agreement and the understanding that I have had from Secretary Johnson is, certainly, and, certainly, not one to be pushed or pulled into any one direction, since the day we met when we were both awaiting confirmation, the protection of the American public is first and foremost with him.    So putting these--this framework to be helpful, even though no waiver has been granted and no request has been made, putting this framework together with his partner at the Department of State, is one that, I understand, we will continue to push forward and develop processes to make sure that someone is thoroughly, completely, and absolutely vetted before any waiver would ever be granted.    Mr. Kerlikowske. No, ma'am.    Mr. Kerlikowske. No.    Mr. Kerlikowske. So on February 23, Congressman, there will be a series of questions on that Electronic System for Travel Authorization. In particular, will be questions for not only the humanitarian organizations, that I outlined earlier, but, for example, on businesses.    If you were doing business in Iran under--and, of course, they would get you would have to have a visa from that country. You would have a specific business visa. So we ask for that information.    I would tell you, we have also reached out to multinational organizations, multinational businesses that we know already have interest or are doing, or would like to do, business in that country, and asking them for information about, well, who is going to be there from your organization.    Who can we be in contact with or get information from, so that we can verify that that person is, in fact, who he or she says they are, is doing business there on behalf of your company or--and is an employee of your company? So there is a whole series of vetting.    Mr. Kerlikowske. Yes.    Mr. Kerlikowske. Yes, it is.    Mr. Kerlikowske. I think there are a couple of things that are helpful. One, I wouldn't know what it would take for the State Department, with resources, personnel, et cetera, and where those locations of consulates and embassies are.    I do know that we depend very clearly on a close working relationship with these Visa Waiver countries under all of the different guidelines that are now, or restrictions that are now in place to share information, and that by telling them that a number of people would not be considered, or would be considered at a heightened risk and additional security could have a negative impact on that communication that we value, very clearly, with them.    So I would--and remember, too, even though we have not had a single application, if there is any information that would be of a derogatory nature or cause us concern, we will default, at CBP, to denying admissibility and requiring that that person show up at the embassy or the consulate for, in fact, a visa application.    Mr. Kerlikowske. Mr. Chairman, I couldn't answer that, but I could tell you that in all of the conversations and the discussion, the many meetings I have had with Secretary Johnson, he is going to be assured of a narrow interpretation of reviewing these--the process and to make sure that the process is in place.    I know you have made it very clear about the oversight that you and the committee will provide on this. So, I would tell you that even though we have never entered into a process yet, or had a request for a waiver, that the Secretary has no interest or intention of issuing a waiver, if that should come about, without making sure that----    Mr. Kerlikowske . It is foolproof.