    Mr. Weiss. Thank you for that.    Mr. Weiss. Chairman Bishop, Ranking Member Grijalva, and members of the committee, thank you for inviting Treasury to testify today. We commend this committee and its staff for its leadership in response to the March timetable for action set by Speaker Ryan. We look forward to working together on a responsible solution to this crisis. There is a growing recognition that we need to act now. We are encouraged by the positive, bipartisan discussions that are taking place.    This is a Puerto Rican crisis, which means it is an American crisis. Puerto Rico is home to 3.5 million Americans whose economic well-being and safety are at stake. In the many months that we have been traveling to Puerto Rico and meeting with government officials, business leaders, and workers, there is a growing sense of fear and a more urgent call to action.    Puerto Rico is already in distress. What started as a recession has turned into a fiscal and liquidity crisis that shows signs of becoming a humanitarian one, as well. Health, education, and public safety services have been curtailed because the government simply cannot pay all of its bills.    The government remains open only because the Governor has authorized more than $1 billion in onerous and unsustainable emergency liquidity actions. Tax refunds have been withheld from citizens. Pension assets, already severely depleted, are being sold to fund central government operations. Money dedicated to one group of creditors is being taken to pay other creditors. The inevitable defaults and litigation have already begun.    Without action, this crisis can only escalate. The Government Development Bank, which is at the heart of the financial system, is dangerously under-capitalized. Debt payments in May and July, including more than $800 million of constitutionally prioritized debt, are unlikely to be made. Mounting litigation will flood the courts and the central government itself could be forced to shut down entirely.    There is no room for error in this economy. Fifty-seven percent of children live in poverty. Unemployment is 12.2 percent, which is more than twice the national average. The population has dropped by 10 percent in the past decade, including 2.5 percent last year alone, as young, working-age Puerto Ricans leave the island with their children in search of opportunity. Their departure leaves behind an aging population and further erodes Puerto Rico's long-term growth prospects.    Under any realistic scenario, Puerto Rico's $70 billion of debt is not sustainable and markets know this. Puerto Rico bonds trade between 10 and 70 cents on the dollar. The debt is enormously complex, with 18 different issuers and 20 creditor committees already with competing claims. As the cascading defaults and litigation unfold, there is real risk of another lost decade, this one more dangerous than the last.    What is the solution? In October of last year, the Administration released a comprehensive plan to stem the crisis and to restore economic growth. While we believe that all elements of our plan are essential, I would like to focus today on the most time-sensitive components: debt restructuring and fiscal oversight.    First, restructuring. We propose a restructuring authority pursuant to the territorial clause of the U.S. Constitution, that would apply to all of the Commonwealth's liabilities. Importantly, this authority would expressly not apply to states, who have an entirely different relationship with the Federal Government under the 10th Amendment.    In our view, all creditors must be at the table to reach a comprehensive and sustainable solution. But we are not advocating a one-size-fits-all approach. Restructuring legislation can be designed to consider existing priorities and claims. We would also favor allowing for an initial period of voluntary negotiations with creditors, facilitated by a stay on litigation.    Second, oversight. We propose strong, independent Federal oversight to address the Commonwealth's long history of fiscal mismanagement and inadequate financial disclosure. Access to a restructuring authority should be strictly conditioned on acceptance of this oversight. But to be effective, oversight should be structured in a way that respects Puerto Rico's self-governance, while assuring implementation of required reforms.    We believe Federal legislation can be crafted to achieve that balance.    Pairing restructuring and oversight is a tried and true combination to resolve debt crises, both domestically and abroad. However, these two proposals must be enacted together. One without the other will not work, and these two provisions would cost U.S. taxpayers nothing.    Municipal bond investors tell us that an orderly restructuring under clear Federal guidelines is also the surest way to restore Puerto Rico's market access, and it is the best outcome for municipal markets, far preferable to a protracted, disorderly series of defaults of unprecedented magnitude and complexity. The question is not whether the Commonwealth will emerge from this crisis, but when, and at what cost to the 3.5 million Americans on the island.    In closing, we look forward to working with this committee on legislation that will protect our fellow citizens in Puerto Rico.    Mr. Weiss. We are proposing a legislative act pursuant to the territorial clause of the Constitution, and it is meant to be customized to the unique conditions that face Puerto Rico in this crisis.    It is not necessarily a version of Chapter 9, or an expanded version of Chapter 9. It is, rather, a pairing of oversight authorities and restructuring, which would travel together. So, no, it is a legislative act that is tailored to the territories.    Mr. Weiss. Well, our proposal is that Puerto Rico would have the option to elect oversight, and that, as I said earlier, there should be an initial period of negotiation. But if that negotiation fails because of the enormous complexity of the debt stock and the competing claims, or if that negotiation fails to get all of the creditors to agree to the same terms, then it would go to a court of supervision which would adjust the remaining claims.    Mr. Weiss. Well, the authorities would be enacted by Congress, the U.S. Federal Congress. But, it is our judgment that to be effective, we need to achieve two objectives. First, the authorities need to be respectful of the Commonwealth's self-governance. We think anything that falls short of that will fail.    At the same time, there needs to be enough strength in the oversight to remedy what is a long history of fiscal mismanagement, inadequate financial disclosure, and to ensure that in the initial restructuring of debts, all stakeholders would be assured that, over time, promises would be kept, needed reforms would be made, and that the Commonwealth would ultimately emerge from this authority with a sustainable level of debt and a real economic future.    Mr. Weiss. Congressman, thank you for the question. It is something that we would look to work on with this committee to craft in a way that would be effective.    It is our judgment that, given the gravity of the crisis in Puerto Rico, the benefits of this authority would lead to its being broadly accepted if it is properly crafted.    Mr. Weiss. I would be----    Mr. Weiss. The only durable comprehensive solution to this crisis is for the Administration to work together with Congress to implement oversight with restructuring. Anything that falls short of that will not provide a durable remedy, in our judgment. We have spent the better part of a year analyzing every option that is available to us, to the Administration, or to Congress, and restructuring paired with oversight is really the arrangement which provides the best chance for Puerto Rico to emerge from this crisis.    Mr. Weiss. Thank you. Two questions which I would like to take in order.    Mr. Weiss. I think the second one comes back to the question of the Congressman, as well.    As to the first question, the Puerto Rican people have already confronted a financial crisis that has gone on for the better part of a decade. The Commonwealth has lost access to traditional municipal bond markets 2\1/2\ years ago, and today has access to no financing, is out of cash.    And we are really confronted with a choice between a cascading series of defaults and intensifying litigation that, in our judgment, could last a decade, or an orderly framework under clear Federal guidelines that would permit the Commonwealth to negotiate with all of its stakeholders in order to emerge with a sustainable level of debt.    When one analyzes this from a market perspective, and you know, we at Treasury have, obviously, given this a lot of thought. It is our judgment that the best of the two options, a disorderly default that cascades over time or an orderly framework designed by Congress and federally mandated, that of those two options, it does not come close. The best thing for municipal bond markets is for this crisis to be brought to an orderly resolution. Traditional investors tell us this all the time.    Just yesterday, one of the most prominent municipal bond investors issued a report in which they said, ``Without Federal action that offers oversight and restructuring, there is a risk of a decade of litigation and default, that the economy, already strained, would be weakened, and that it would be far preferable--and they say this as a municipal bond investor--for there to be order restored in Puerto Rico, and that there would be limited, if any, precedential spillover effects to the broader municipal market.'' We share that conclusion.    Mr. Weiss. We think that that is a necessary condition to restart growth, that there will be other measures needed in such vital areas as health care and incentives to work, and potentially others, but that if we want to arrest the crisis and create that opportunity, we need to start with oversight and restructuring.    Mr. Weiss. Thank you.    The Chairman. Mr. LaHood.    Mr. Weiss. We share your frustration on this point in the sense that there is an enormous amount of capital, in our judgment private-sector capital, that is ready to invest in Puerto Rico, be that in alternative sources of energy generation or be that in modernizing the electricity grid, which is terribly out of date.    The problem we run into time and time again when we talk to investors is that this uncertainty that the economy faces makes it impossible for private-sector participants to invest and plan over any meaningful time horizon.    So, I am not saying it will solve all the problems, but if we do not clean the debt structure and put this economy back on a track toward a sustainable amount of debt--right now, 35 percent of central government revenues are being spent on debt service. Out-migration has more than doubled in the past 2 years. Unless we can stem this tide and create a base for the government and the private sector to plan against, we are deeply concerned that all of that third-party capital will never come into the island.    Mr. Weiss. Congressman, again, the biggest barrier to investment today is the uncertainty and crisis that the economy is facing.    As to the regulatory aspects that you are referring to, again, it comes back to a key component of our proposal, which is to say that we believe that it is for the Puerto Rican legislature and the Governor to identify the reforms that are needed, the elected representatives to identify the reforms that are needed, structurally. But we think it is equally important--and that private capital would value this--that the oversight board make sure that those reforms identified by duly-elected representatives are implemented.    There is an enormous problem of over-promising and under-delivering that has gone on for many years in Puerto Rico. In our judgment, marrying the self-governance of elected officials with the oversight of an independent board is exactly the structure which can remedy this.    Mr. Weiss. On the first point, by far the biggest barrier to investment in Puerto Rico--and we have spoken with capital providers, we have spoken with potential lenders, and we have spoken with companies which would be interested in participating, for example, in the energy sector--the first and most important aspect is that the economy needs to be stabilized. No one invests in an economy that is in free fall. We need to stabilize the economy.    Second, the Puerto Rican legislature and Governor are in an election cycle--there will be a new governor. The current governor has said he will not run. And those duly-elected representatives will identify what it is that needs to be done.    But this interaction with an----    The Chairman. Mr. Weiss, I need to cut it off here, I am sorry.    Let me just give warning to all Members. We are slipping over time here, and that just cannot happen. So, in deference to the witness, if you are going to ask a question, give him enough time to answer it. If we run over the 5-minute mark, I am going to cut you off. So a lot of yes/no answers from here on in.    Mr. Pierluisi.    Mr. Weiss. No.    Mr. Weiss. Congressman, you have been a leader on this topic and have introduced many potential legislative acts that would make a difference, and we have greatly appreciated our work with you.    I want to highlight something you said, which is that if you go to Puerto Rico and you spend time with the Americans who live in Puerto Rico--and I said this in my opening remarks--there is actual fear of the future. The payments which are coming due--$400 million on May 1, $2 billion on July 1--no one knows where the money will come from to fund those payments. And, faced with this enormous fiscal uncertainty, with diminishing health care provision, with no jobs available on the island, Puerto Ricans are leaving.    And it is the young, working-age Puerto Ricans who are leaving for the most part, and they are joining us on the mainland. On the mainland they find that they have access to jobs, opportunities for employment, a future for their children, and better health care. What that is doing is dramatic. I should mention there is 2.5 percent annually in out-migration of working-age citizens. Ten years from now, if we do nothing to stop this, there will be no revenue base against which to construct a viable economy.    So, we fully agree with you, Congressman, that we need to take these actions today, and that the time for action has really already passed.    Mr. Weiss. Congressman, the immediate problem is the unsustainable debt. There is nothing that can be done with respect to tax policy or even health care, as dire as that is, that will remedy the fact that $70 billion of debt against a $70 billion economy that consumes 35 percent of revenues has to be reset.    Mr. Weiss. As to the opportunities to promote growth, once that has been done and there is an oversight board in place, we would be happy to work with you and your staff about potential solutions that could attract jobs, that could incentivize----    Mr. Weiss. The District of Columbia was a fiscal crisis, as opposed to a debt crisis. Mayor Williams has testified----    Mr. Weiss. They got a fiscal control board, because that attacked the problem they had. Here we have an economy drowning in debt, which requires restructuring along with oversight.    Mr. Weiss. To be clear, we are not proposing Chapter 9 or any new chapter of the code. We are proposing a territorial act, which would allow for restructuring authorities, only by acting through and with an oversight board. It is our judgment that that is the only combination that can produce a durable solution.    We do not want to be sitting back here July 2 or July 5, after Puerto Rico has failed to pay $2 billion, including $800 million of constitutionally prioritized debt, which would provoke a constitutional crisis and litigation. Our interest is in designing a permanent solution.    And it just has to be said, yes, there has been fiscal mismanagement. Yes, there is need for oversight. But this debt has to be reduced.    Mr. Weiss. It needs to be done fairly.    Mr. Weiss. We believe an oversight board coupled with restructuring would be effective.    Mr. Weiss. We agree that the fiscal transparency is totally inadequate. One affirmative obligation we would put on the oversight board, if Congress agreed, would be actual powers to make sure that the financial reporting systems are integrated, modernized, and that audits are produced on a timely basis. We think that that is necessary for all stakeholders--debtors, investors----    Mr. Weiss. Absolutely.    Mr. Weiss. Our understanding is that there has been a draft audit released, and that the auditors have announced that they need 2 months to review it.    It should be no surprise that an entity in distress has difficulty getting going concern opinions for its subchapters. This is the set of issues that Puerto Rico is facing. It is a distressed entity.    Mr. Weiss. We are deeply concerned about the pensions in Puerto Rico--330,000 current and retired Puerto Rican employees, public employees, depend on it. The pensions are, essentially, unfunded. We are this close to being under a regime where it is the Commonwealth itself which would have to fund pension payments.    Mr. Weiss. As to the other territories, we would be happy to work with you to look into the particulars around Guam.    Mr. Weiss. Again, our proposals are with respect to the territories as a whole, and we would be prepared to work with you on the particulars of Guam and the other territories.    Mr. Weiss. We would be happy to come meet with you and discuss the ways in which that would be possible with the appropriate staff.    Mr. Weiss. As I mentioned earlier, the debt service figures are approximately a third of central government revenues. The Commonwealth itself has proposed a voluntary exchange offer----    Mr. Weiss. Depending on the year, it is about a third, or higher than a third.    Mr. Weiss. Thank you, Congresswoman. That is the right way to frame the question in our judgment.    So today, without any tools to restructure the debt, Puerto Rico is faced with 20 different creditor classes and 18 different issuers with competing claims.    On December 1, just to take one example, the Governor decided to not pay three debts in order to pay other debts. This has immediately prompted litigation by the three creditors who were not paid. As this unfolds and the maturities come that Congressman Pierluisi was referring to, this will magnify and intensify.    There are really two major problems in a voluntary discussion. First is that there is no stay on litigation. So, litigation as to priority of payment, as to eligibility for any particular agreement, will ensue. Second is that there is no way to reach agreement with a majority of creditors in any given class and know that the minority creditors will go along. And there have been many examples of this around the world.    And we do worry that the compounding effects of litigation and an inability to conclude agreements with any creditor class could turn a purely voluntary process into a decade-long crisis. So that restructuring authority that you mentioned is really what is needed at the back end.    We support an initial period of voluntary discussions. We think that those voluntary discussions can only succeed with this kind of back-end authority.    Mr. Weiss. The Governor has already been forced to curtail services, as I mentioned in my opening remarks. As the debt payments become larger, as the most senior debt becomes due, $800 million of constitutionally-protected debt on July 1, the decisions become more difficult and the litigation becomes more severe.    And this is not lost on the citizens of Puerto Rico. And you have them in your district, but I can tell you that our fellow citizens in Puerto Rico are acutely aware of the kind of trade-offs that the government could face if these maturities come due, litigation builds, and the services need to be traded off against constitutionally-protected debt.    Mr. Weiss. I am going to give you a couple of examples of this, and thank you for the question.    We totally agree that an advisory board is insufficient, and we totally agree that a takeover of the Commonwealth through direct control will be ineffective.    So, in that middle space the concept is that the elected officials of Puerto Rico would retain their rights to tax, spend, and govern the Commonwealth. They are closest to it, and there is enormous complexity in the existing economy. But the oversight board would ensure that whatever promises are made, those promises are adhered to.    They would provide guardrails on the economy such that, for example, if there is an initial plan to restructure the debt based on 5 years of projections and the first budget comes up and that budget is not consistent with that 5-year plan, then the oversight board should get involved and enter into discussions such that that budget conforms to the 5-year plan.    If into that year actual performance is short of budget, again, the oversight board should make it known that there needs to be action. But we do not believe in an oversight board deciding which taxes to adjust or which expenses to cut. Those are decisions that need to remain with the Commonwealth.    Mr. Weiss. If this is where you are going, we agree that we think there needs to be an ability to audit independently at the level of the oversight board, and to produce revenue forecasts that are independent. What this does is it respects the political process of the elected officials in the Commonwealth, but also creates a second board which is outside of the political process and will last through election cycles, and which will produce credible, independent revenue statements.    One thing I mentioned earlier is, we also think that that board has a role to play--there have been a lot of comments on audits and financial systems and such, which we agree are antiquated. That is fixable. And that oversight board should be charged with making sure that that gets fixed.    Mr. Weiss. You know, we agree. The power generation in Puerto Rico is really oil and coal, very little else. But the good news here is there is serious appetite on the part of companies and investors to invest in Puerto Rico to modernize the sources of power generation.    So, we do believe that the private sector has an important role to play. If we fix the level of debt and we create durable fiscal governance, we think private capital will come.    Mr. Weiss. Congressman, we believe that status has played a role in the development of the fiscal crisis over many, many years in Puerto Rico. And we believe that status should be determined by the people in Puerto Rico in a process, and we have supported that in the President's last budgets. But, why are we proposing restructuring authorities, EITC, and Medicaid funding as part of our comprehensive plan? Well, it is because the Commonwealth status has not afforded it equitable treatment in those three areas.    That said, this crisis is upon us today. And today, in order for Puerto Rico to have any long-term future under any status, we do need to act in the two ways which I have mentioned earlier: oversight with restructuring authorities.    Mr. Weiss. Again, our basic philosophy on this is that the restructuring should include all of the debt, that all of the debt is part of the unsustainable $70 billion. But we are not proposing a one-size-fits-all solution. So, we are not saying that the GO debt, which has a Puerto Rican constitutional priority, or some of the revenue bonds which have a claim on certain streams, that those all need to be treated equally. This is not one-size-fits-all.    So, what we can do, working together, is to design a restructuring authority whereby everybody is part of the discussion, but that there is a differentiated treatment per existing priorities and plans----    Mr. Weiss. We believe that we can construct this under the territorial clause.    Mr. Weiss. We are not proposing that the Federal Government take on liabilities of the Commonwealth, or guarantee liabilities of the Commonwealth. They did lose access to that financing. It is not that they elected not to use it, they just did not have any access.    Mr. Weiss. I am aware of it, but I would have to come back to you with the appropriate----    Mr. Weiss. I will just read a couple sentences from a report issued yesterday, and it will not take more than 20 seconds. This is from a Nuveen report issued yesterday. They are one of the largest traditional municipal bond investors, and they say that Puerto Rico--and I quote--``Without some form of bankruptcy, Puerto Rico is destined for years of litigation,'' and they say that ``the restructuring provides greater value to creditors than maintaining the status quo, and that municipal investors rightly continue to differentiate among individual credits, and we see no reason this will change based on how Congress addresses Puerto Rico's situation.'' They see no spillover effects.    Mr. Weiss. I would like to come back to you with HHS personnel for the detail. I will give you a general point of view.    That ACA funding is a fiscal issue, in the end. The reason that we have proposed that Medicaid funding be included is that, as best we can tell, the allotment that Puerto Rico received at the time of the passage of the Affordable Care Act is going to be fully exhausted by March of 2018, if not sooner. So, this does need to be addressed urgently and it is a key component of our legislative package.    Mr. Weiss. Congressman, we believe just the opposite is true. We believe that this is a choice between no access to credit, which is Puerto Rico's current state; a cascading series of defaults; mounting litigation; and an inability to conclude a voluntary negotiation or an orderly process under Federal guidelines, such that there is an end to this fiscal crisis; and that there will be market access, as there has been in many regions that have gone through the same problem.    Mr. Weiss. We see no access without it.    Mr. Weiss. Thank you, Congressman.    Mr. Weiss. We don't think Chapter 9 solves the problem.    Mr. Weiss. Thanks for the question. I tried to provide a partial answer to this earlier. In essence, the elected government of Puerto Rico, in our concept--and this is a principle--should continue to set forth the major taxing and spending decisions that are necessary to run the economy. No Federal authority can stand in the place of these duly-elected officials to determine what is required.    But, due to the long-standing nature, and I have to go back to the fiscal mismanagement which has taken place in the sense of systematic under-estimating of expenses and over-forecasting of revenues, investors have lost confidence in the numbers; the people have lost confidence in the numbers. And we actually think getting the numbers right makes a different here and can lead to greater opportunity, greater investment, and greater job employment.    Mr. Weiss. So, we see that the oversight board plays that essential function.    Mr. Weiss. May I cede my time to Senator Bhatia?    Mr. Weiss. I think that the legislature does not fully understand what this oversight authority would consist of, nor do the people of Puerto Rico, for one simple reason: we have not presented it to them. I mean we are talking about it.    We are very appreciative of Chairman Bishop and his staff, and we are actually starting to put some details in place. But we will have to design this all the way into its detail, and convince the legislature and the people of Puerto Rico that it can be effective.    Mr. Weiss. We do, and we are open to other ideas than the ones we have proposed. But we have looked at various levers. The Earned Income Tax Credit is one we think would be very effective.    Mr. Weiss. We think long-term growth cannot. We think that long-term stability, the Number One important element is to restructure the debt and to do it with an independent oversight board. It is necessary, but not sufficient for growth. Other things have to be enacted for growth.    Mr. Weiss. Medicaid funding will run out by most estimates in March 2018. This does create a hole in the numbers that is considerable and it is why we have included it in our plan.    Mr. Weiss. No.    Mr. Weiss. We would not prescribe what gets written off, what gets reprofiled, what gets restructured, and other means. But the absolute debt burden is clearly unsustainable, uncontroversially unsustainable.    Mr. Weiss. Well, we have with us a Congressman of Puerto Rican descent who is deeply familiar with the heritage and self-governing authorities of the Commonwealth. It would simply be rejected, in our judgment. A takeover of Puerto Rico by the Federal Government, we think, would be universally rejected. The reforms would never be implemented. So, it is simply not an option that Congress should consider.    Mr. Weiss. As I said, this is a tried-and-true combination. To pair oversight with restructuring has worked domestically many times. It has worked internationally many times. Cities like New York City, Washington, DC--notwithstanding that it was a fiscal, rather than debt crisis--and Philadelphia. Major companies, by the way, have gone through a restructuring and re-accessed markets. Markets inherently look forward, and what markets see when they look forward in Puerto Rico today is 10 years of cascading defaults, litigation, out-migration, and economic decline. No wonder Puerto Rico lost access 2\1/2\ years ago to traditional bond investors.    This needs to be stabilized. Once it is stabilized, and with the additional credibility afforded by independent oversight, it is our judgment that the credit markets will reopen.    Mr. Weiss. Thank you.    Mr. Weiss. Well, Congressman, it is definitely the case that we see Puerto Rican citizens moving for opportunity. I mean they are clearly moving for opportunity, because the vast majority are working age with families. These are not mainly retirees. They really see opportunity throughout the United States.    I would be happy to come back to you with a list of the states which are attracting the most Puerto Rican citizens, but it is really broad spread. It is everywhere from Florida, to New York, to Pennsylvania, to Texas, to Ohio. It is really quite a long list, and what that means is that the opportunity pretty much anywhere outside Puerto Rico is far greater than what is available in the Commonwealth.    Mr. Weiss. We believe that there needs to be two phases to this. In the first phase, the debt needs to be restructured and there needs to be oversight. That will restore confidence in the numbers and it will stem the crisis. But in the second phase, there needs to be greater economic opportunity for the people in Puerto Rico, because we would like to not just see out-migration stop, but to see the many Puerto Ricans who live on the mainland have the opportunity to move back to Puerto Rico.    There are 5 million-plus Puerto Ricans in mainland United States versus 3.5 million on the island. Success here means that the flow moves in the other direction. So, yes, we have proposed an EITC. We think there are things the Puerto Rican legislature can do. As I mentioned earlier, we think there is a substantial role for industry and private capital, but none of those are going to get in place unless we stop this free fall of the crisis that we are in today.    Mr. Weiss. Congressman, not only are there ideas, there are proposals. There are companies, investors, who would like to help migrate from oil and coal to alternative energy and modernize the grid. We agree, it is a dire problem. None of those investors and none of those companies are going to invest in the chaos of the current economy. It needs to be stabilized, but we do think that there is capital that can come in to solve this.    Mr. Weiss. We would be open to working with you on additional ideas.    EITC does three things in Puerto Rico. Number one, it puts money in the pockets of hard-working families. The average wage in Puerto Rico is $19,000. This would be spent. Second, it provides an incentive to join the formal workforce. There is a 40 percent labor force participation rate in Puerto Rico. And, third, we talked about long-term revenues. Over time it expands the revenue base as people join that workforce.    But we don't mean to propose this to the exclusion of other creative ideas, and we would be happy to work with your office in identifying other options.    Mr. Weiss. In our judgment, those payments in July, if they are not made, will provoke chaos in the Puerto Rican municipal bond market. At the same time, I should mention there is a history of setting aside monthly amounts to build up these lump-sum payments as they come due. One of the actions that the Governor and the local legislature have taken was to stop making those set-asides. So there is no assurance that that payment can be made.    And I should mention this is why we need to act now--because the consequences of a non-payment of that debt in July would be devastating for the economy of Puerto Rico. And this talk of audited financials, I would like to be clear, we do not need the audited financials to know that there is a crisis. There is a crisis.    There is plenty of information that has been released by forensic accountants. There is no doubt, even by bond investors, that there is default risk. All of the rating agencies have put these bonds at the lowest possible rating as prime for default. So yes, we need to produce audited financials. But there is a crisis, and we need to act now.    Mr. Weiss. I mentioned a report that was issued by Nuveen, one of the largest municipal bond traditional investors, just yesterday. They say very clearly that the best thing that can happen for municipal markets is for the Puerto Rican crisis to be resolved quickly, in a framework of Federal restructuring, and that the worst outcome for municipal markets is a protracted, disorderly default.    Mr. Weiss. In our written testimony, we gave some particulars--we think that a majority of the board should be Puerto Rican residents, and that there obviously needs to be substantial expertise, not just in financial restructuring but economic expertise should be representative of stakeholders. And importantly, it should be fully independent of the political process, which is to say not elected officials, and no real or perceived conflicts of interest.    Mr. Weiss. I mean----    Mr. Weiss. Based on all of our interactions with the Puerto Rican business leaders and workers, we believe that there is a real and deep base of independent problem-solving Puerto Rican residents who would be ideally suited to this kind of responsibility.    Mr. Weiss. Thank you for that question. The urgency could not be more apparent. When I testified before the Senate in October, I said that there could be a humanitarian crisis. I said today that I think there are already signs of humanitarian crisis. Out-migration has doubled in the last year. Again, it is 2.5 percent, as 85,000 Puerto Ricans are out-migrating today, versus 40,000 just 2 years ago. There are hospitals that have been forced to close doors.    And again, the Government Development Bank is dangerously under-capitalized. The payments which are coming in May and in July are unlikely to be made. There has already been default, there is already litigation----    Mr. Weiss. There is no ability to delay.    Mr. Weiss. Yes. The necessary conditions are restructuring and oversight, but we are open to other ideas that would stimulate long-term growth.    Mr. Weiss. Over a cliff?    Mr. Weiss. We are deeply concerned with the same payments. Just last week, Secretary Lew has convened creditors in different bonds to send the message that we are determined to see a solution here. The Puerto Rican people have sacrificed, and for there to be a viable solution, there needs to be broad sacrifice across all stakeholders. It cannot just come on the back of the Puerto Rican people.    And I would say that those discussions were constructive, but there will be no substitute, for the reasons that I have articulated earlier, for a comprehensive restructuring authority across the debt.    The Chairman. Thank you.    Mr. McClintock.    Mr. Weiss. Respectfully, Congressman, we do not share that analysis. As Treasury, we have given this substantial thought.    First, Puerto Rico, to state the obvious, is not----    Mr. Weiss. Again, traditional municipal bond investors--Nuveen, Blackrock, agencies such as Moody's--nearly universally say that the healthiest thing that could happen for municipal bond investors would be for there to be a federally legislated restructuring----    Mr. Weiss. Congressman, there are material differences between Puerto Rico, states, and municipalities. First, it is completely cordoned off by investors. There have been no traditional municipal bond new issuances----    Mr. Weiss. We face----    Mr. Weiss. Congressman, what are we to do when the $2 billion of debt comes due on July 1?    Mr. Weiss. Yes.    Mr. Weiss. Oh, I actually did not hear the example you gave.    Mr. Weiss. A lot.    Mr. Weiss. Yes.    Mr. Weiss. With my sons, yes.    Mr. Weiss. Tens of thousands.    Mr. Weiss. I think so.    Mr. Weiss. Yes, sir.    Mr. Weiss. Congressman, this is an enormously difficult problem, but it is also a great opportunity. And what I have said, and what the Administration believes, is this is one of those rare chances where we, working with Congress, can actually solve something, which no governor of the last five has been able to do on their own.    If we restructure the debt under appropriate oversight with real fiscal planning, real budgeting, and performance in line with budgets, that is what is going to get stability back on the island.    Mr. Weiss. Yes, sir.    The Chairman. Mrs. Lummis.    Mr. Weiss. Thank you, Congresswoman.    The Chairman. Mr. Serrano, before I ask my questions, let me yield to you so you have a chance to talk to the witness.    Mr. Weiss. Congressman, thank you for your compliments at your opening. I would like to return them. I have learned an enormous amount in our interactions with you.    Status is vitally important. Where I would like to disagree, respectfully, this is not a Band-Aid. This is a life-saving procedure that we are discussing. If we do not restructure this debt, if we are faced with the events that Congressman Pierluisi described in May and July, Puerto Rico's very survival is at stake. We don't think about this as a Band-Aid, we think about it as an absolutely necessary action.    Mr. Weiss. We believe that all of the debt needs to be part of the discussion, but that we would be open to respecting existing priorities and claims within that.    As to pensions, it was incorrectly reported this morning that we thought that should be prioritized above everything. But I do need to say these pensions are completely unfunded, and we are deeply concerned that they be protected. There is about a 2 percent funding ratio on a pension that supports 330,000 Americans working for the public municipalities and government in Puerto Rico. That is a completely unheard-of funding ratio. And these are not gold-plated pensions. The average monthly payment is around $1,200, sometimes less.    So, yes, we believe pensions need to be protected, but we would like to work together with you, and we really have had good bipartisan discussions with the Chairman and his staff about how to put all of the pieces of this together such that there is the most fair and equitable treatment we can design for all stakeholders.    Mr. Weiss. Yes, the PREPA debt is around 11 or 12 percent of the total debt. There is a voluntary agreement that is in place that has been worked on for about a year-and-a-half. It has, I believe, 70 percent creditor approval. And it would be helped by orderly restructuring, because they could then go on and finalize it. They would not face the problem of having to deal with the remaining 30 percent who are holding out, hoping for a better deal, or hoping for some other outcome.    So, we think our restructuring authority could be used to help solve PREPA, and we discussed earlier that we do think that the energy grid and the energy generation sources in Puerto Rico badly need to be modernized, upgraded, and diversified away from oil, gas, and coal. But we also are optimistic on that score. We think, if we pursue this plan and stabilize the economy, that there will be ample third-party capital and third-party industry that will be interested in investing in those areas.    Mr. Weiss. You know, we have heard the same, anecdotally, complaints from investors in respect of the permitting and bureaucratic process. But the real problem that investors face today is like in any case: nobody is going to put money to work in an economy that is in free fall and in full-blown financial crisis.    We need to stem this crisis. Once we stem the crisis, there is capital. There are people of good will who want to invest in Puerto Rico, and there is a future for the people of Puerto Rico. There are going to be new jobs. There will be new investment. And it is ultimately our hope that all of those who have out-migrated will see that opportunity and will begin to return.    Mr. Weiss. We believe that we all must be prepared to question our basic tenets. We appreciate the bipartisan spirit of the discussion that we have had with you and your staff. We would not want to compromise the self-governance of Puerto Rico in the process. We would not want to put at risk the payments that are due to pensioners.    The Chairman. OK, we have that down well, yes.    Mr. Weiss. But fundamentally, we think this has required enormous sacrifice on the part of the people of Puerto Rico, and that all of us who are part of this solution should work in an open-minded way in order to construct something. Time is the chief enemy of this crisis.    The Chairman. In regard to the bonds that are outstanding, does Treasury have any estimate as to how many of those bonds are actually held by pensioners in the United States?    Mr. Weiss. There are not precise estimates of this. We think that a substantial portion are held through a couple of mutual funds who have stayed substantially invested in Puerto Rico. Most mutual funds, when non-investment grade happened 2\1/2\ years ago, sold out. We think that there are about 30-35 percent of the bonds there held by hedge funds.    The Chairman. You noted in your testimony, as well, that Puerto Rico's debt is unusually complex. In your experience, how would you rate that complexity with debts to other situations in which you have encountered.    Mr. Weiss. Very creative.    The Chairman. Well then, we will be creative when we come up with something here.    In a previous hearing, Mayor Williams was asked how a strong oversight board could respect Puerto Rico's self-government. We have touched on that with many Members here today. In essence, his answer was the oversight board needed to hire good people who will work with the Commonwealth's government and its affiliates to promote the trust that is required for a good working relationship. Do you agree with that assessment?    Mr. Weiss. We believe that there are people of good will across Puerto Rico and across the United States in general who would feel a mission in solving this crisis that is of such historic magnitude. We think that there is an ample talent pool, both on the island and across the mainland, of people who would feel extraordinarily motivated. Because again, this is not just a crisis, it is an amazing opportunity. It is one of those rare cases where we, collectively, can put an end to this crisis. That is a calling that we think that many would respond to.    The Chairman. Thank you. I appreciate that. Let me ask one last question, if I can get it in here.    Based on Treasury's analysis, is it clear how the debt would be classified? Like, Commonwealth debt versus public corporation debt.    Mr. Weiss. Yes, we think that there is about $50 billion of debt that is supported by the taxing authority of the Commonwealth, that there is a little under $20 billion that is either public corporation, like PREPA and the municipalities. And it is that $50 billion where there is the biggest problem, because it is the $50 billion that is paid out of the general fund.    So, all of the debt needs to be restructured within the $50 billion. There are revenue bonds, there are general obligation bonds. We would be happy to send you our schedule of what we think is outstanding.    The Chairman. All right. I appreciate that. Mr. Weiss, I appreciate you being here, for your patience with us, answering all the questions that have been thrown at you. It is also very difficult, I realize, because you are the only person on the panel. Usually you have a chance to take a breather and let somebody else answer a question, eventually. But you did it all.    Mr. Weiss. May I exceed by 10 seconds to thank you, this committee, and your staff? I opened on a note of optimism. I hope I may close on a note of optimism. We think there is broad recognition of this crisis today, and we do think there are very positive discussions taking place. We may have disagreements amongst us, but there is a sense of urgency. If there is a will, there is a way.    The Chairman. If you are going to thank us, I will give you another 10.    The Chairman. That is OK, we got it. There are a couple of documents that were presented that need a unanimous consent to be added to the record. We have the documents here.    The Chairman. If there is no objection, great.    We do have a Committee Rule 4(h) that is--yes, 4(h), cute name--that says that the Committee Record is going to be held open for at least 10 business days. If other Members have questions, we may be asking you to respond to those questions that are submitted in writing.    If there is no further business, with my appreciation to the witness, appreciation to the committee members, as well as our guests for being here, we thank you. This committee stands adjourned.