    Chairman CHABOT. Good morning. The Committee will come to order.    Before we begin today's hearing, I want to take a moment to remember one of our colleagues. On July 20th, our friend and fellow member of this Committee, Congressman Mark Takai passed away. Mark spent much of the past year undergoing treatment for cancer, but he still managed to serve his constituents with dedication and enthusiasm, and every time we saw him, he had a smile on his face. He was ranking member of the Subcommittee on Contracting and the Workforce where he did a lot of great work for the people and small businesses of Hawaii and for the whole country for that matter. His presence and aloha spirit will be greatly missed by all of us.    And I would now like to yield to our ranking member, Ms. Velazquez.    Chairman CHABOT. Thank you very much, Ranking Member.    And Mark Takai will be greatly missed and long remembered by, I think, all the members of this Committee and all of Congress.    Today, our Committee will examine the historically underutilized business zones or HUBZone program. This program run by the SBA seeks to incentivize small business development in economically distressed areas by providing access to government contracting opportunities.    We are pleased to welcome back to the Committee Mr. Bill Shear from the Government Accountability Office, GAO, and Mr. John Shoraka, from the Small Business Administration--the SBA.    Since its inception nearly 20 years ago, the goal of the HUBZone program has been to boost economic growth and business development in the areas of this Nation that are most in need. If this goal is to be achieved, the program must operate in the most efficient and effective way possible.    In the past few years, GAO has performed several reviews of the program to examine how it is working. Through these reviews, GAO had identified several areas where the program needs to improve. One of the chief concerns identified by GAO, a concern that this Committee shares, is making sure that the opportunities provided by the HUBZone program are being utilized by small businesses who actually qualify for the program. The sole-source contract awards and 10 percent evaluation preference provided to HUBZone firms are significant incentives to companies, encouraging them to locate and hire employees in areas of significant need. The HUBZone program cannot fulfill its mission if the opportunities provided by these incentives are being taken by companies that do not actually qualify for the program.    In response to their concerns, GAO has put forward several recommendations. Among those recommendations are increased and improved communications between HUBZone firms and the SBA, as well as steps to make it easier to verify information from HUBZone firms. SBA has accepted some of these recommendations, but others have not been adopted. We are here to look at how the HUBZone program has adapted to those recommendations and to examine other ways the program could improve.    It is crucial, however, that any efforts to alter or expand the program are made by working through Congress and with this Committee. Actions that could change how the program has been run or how effective the program will be must be done in the open with the public debate afforded by the people's branch.    This Committee sees on a daily basis the tremendous impact small businesses can have in providing jobs and lifting the economic outlook of an entire community. The HUBZone program is intended to help these small businesses, but can only succeed if the program is run in a way that actually helps the areas most in need.    We want to thank our witnesses for being with us here today. We are looking forward to their testimony and also asking questions. And I would now like to yield to the ranking member for her opening statement.    Chairman CHABOT. Thank you very much. The ranking member yields back. And if members have opening statements, we would ask that they be submitted for the record.    We have got a couple of veterans before us here today, so I do not have to take a long time explaining our rules. We operate by the 5-minute rule, as you both know, and there is a lighting system to assist you. The green light stays on for 4 minutes; the yellow light, 1 minute; and then the red light will come on and we would ask you to wrap it up by then if at all possible. We will give you a little time if you need a little extra. Then we will stick to the 5 minutes ourselves in asking questions, and we will alternate back and forth between Republicans and Democrats.    So I would now like to formally introduce our two witnesses here today just briefly. Our first witness today is Mr. William Shear, who is the Director of Financial Markets and Community Investment Team at the Government Accountability Office, the GAO. In this role, Mr. Shear has appeared before the Committee on a number of occasions, and so we welcome him back today.    And our second witness is another familiar face, Mr. John Shoraka, who serves as the SBA's Associate Administrator for Government Contracts and Business Development Office. And included within this office is the office of the HUBZone program. So he is the person to talk with about this, and so we welcome you back again as well.    And so without further ado, Mr. Shear, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman CHABOT. Thank you very much.    Mr. Shoraka, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman CHABOT. Thank you very much.    I now recognize myself for 5 minutes to begin the questions.    Before I ask my first question, I was just looking at our names and it just hit me: Shear, Shoraka, Chabot. It sounds like an impressive law firm or something, does it not? Or a new disease to be avoided or something. But in any event, I will get on to my questions.    Mr. Shear, I will begin with you. Through your reviews, what have you seen as being the specific problems with the current HUBZone certification tracking system, and what would be some of the features of a new system that would correct these problems?    Chairman CHABOT. Okay. Thank you very much.    Mr. Shoraka, I will turn to you now. When did discussions begin on the idea of ignoring the 20 percent cap for qualified census tracks?    Chairman CHABOT. Let me follow up on my question, and you talk about expanding, and I agree. It could potentially dramatically expand the program. But going, blowing past the 20 percent cap could result in potentially thousands of new HUBZones, and arguably perhaps weaken its effectiveness in perhaps some of the existing HUBZones themselves. And what makes you all think that the SBA is able to take this step without congressional action? How can you do that on your own?    Chairman CHABOT. Okay. Well, if you could get that to us, we would like to take a look at that. Thank you very much.    Let me go back to you, Mr. Shear. Have there been other challenges within the HUBZone program that you have seen but have not had the time or opportunity yet to highlight today? Are there other things that you would want to point out?    Chairman CHABOT. Okay. Thank you very much. My time is expired. The ranking member is recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman CHABOT. Thank you. The gentlelady's time is expired.    The gentleman from Missouri, Mr. Luetkemeyer, who is vice chairman of this Committee, is recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman CHABOT. The gentleman's time is expired.    Chairman CHABOT. Thank you.    The gentlelady from California, Ms. Chu, who is the ranking member of the Economic Growth, Tax, and Capital Access Subcommittee, is recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman CHABOT. The gentlelady's time is expired.    The gentleman from California, Mr. Knight, is recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman CHABOT. The gentleman's time is expired.    The gentlelady from California, Ms. Hahn, is recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman CHABOT. The gentlelady's time has expired. Thank you.    The gentleman from Mississippi, Mr. Kelly, is recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman CHABOT. Thank you. The gentleman's time is expired.    The gentlelady from New York, Ms. Clarke, is recognized for 5 minutes.    I have been misinformed by my crack staff, so let me get the right one here.    We will go to the gentlelady from North Carolina, Ms. Adams.    Chairman CHABOT. Thank you. Thank you, the gentlelady's time is expired.    The gentleman from Ohio, Mr. Davidson, is recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman CHABOT. Thank you. The gentleman's time has expired.    The gentlelady from New York is recognized, Ms. Clarke.    Chairman CHABOT. The gentlelady's time is expired. Thank you.    The gentleman from New Jersey, Mr. Payne, is recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman CHABOT. Thank you. The gentleman yields back. The gentleman's time is expired.    We would like to thank both of our witnesses for being here with us today. I think the importance of the HUBZone program and the concerns that some members had are reflected by the heavy attendance that we saw really on both sides of the aisle here today with, I thought, a lot of good questions.    The SBA's HUBZone program began with a goal of promoting economic growth by incentivizing small businesses to locate in areas most in need. This cannot be achieved, however, unless the program is properly managed and the benefits are not being taken up by nonqualified firms. The work GAO has done to identify specific ways in which the program should be improved has been invaluable. I thank this Committee and I would urge the SBA to take immediate steps to fully adopt all of the recommendations of the GAO. And we owe it to America's small businesses and America's taxpayers to ensure that the opportunities provided by the HUBZone program are utilized in the most efficient way possible.    I would ask unanimous consent that members have 5 legislative days to submit statements and supporting materials for the record.    Without objection, so ordered.    And if there is no further business to come before the Committee, we are adjourned. Thank you very much.