    Secretary Perez. Good morning. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. It is a pleasure to be here, Ranking Member Polis, Chairman Kline, and other members of the Committee. It is an honor to be here, and thank you for allowing me to come to discuss the Department's important efforts to help ensure that your constituents and all Americans have access to sound investment advice that a middle-class retirement requires.    Merlin Toffel did everything right. He was a veteran of the U.S. Navy and an electrician. He and his wife, Elaine, raised their four kids in Lindenhurst, Illinois, and instilled in them those middle-class values befitting of their greatest generation.    They loved to travel. They worked hard and they took care to save wisely. Over four decades, they built up an impressive portfolio with Vanguard: Merlin at the helm managing the account and Elaine, an accountant, keeping the books.    Life took its toll. Merlin was diagnosed with Alzheimer's. When Merlin could no longer manage their finances, Elaine made an appointment at the local retail bank. This is the bank they had been using for years. They trusted them.    The bank's investment broker told her to liquidate the impressive Vanguard portfolio and sold them variable annuities to the tune of $650,000. Elaine trusted that advice. It was in her best interests, she thought.    But those variable annuities charged nearly 4 percent of the investment per year, or $26,000, the rough cost of buying a new car each year. And if the Toffel's needed to access the money right away, as all too many families face when their loved one is in decline, a 7 percent surrender charge would cost them more than $45,000.    In the end, the broker's conflicted advice cost a hardworking, middle-class family more than $50,000.    The Toffel's story is tragic, but regrettably is it not unique.    Conservative estimates by the Council of Economic Advisers place the cost of conflicted advice at more than $17 billion annually. Our economic analysis shows that conservatively the amount that savers would benefit from our rule, and this is only based on a slice of the IRA market, would be $40 billion over 10 years.    For families like the Toffels, families who have done everything we ask of the American middle class, the stakes could not be higher.    ERISA is over four decades old. In my parents' generation, average Americans retired after working their entire life in the same company. Their retirement was met by with both a commemorative pen and a concrete pension. Because that pension was a defined benefit, the only thing at risk of running dry was the ink in the pen.    But times have changed. Defined benefit plans have given way to defined contribution plans. Now consumers are in control of making their own investment decisions through from 401(k)s and IRAs. We can still count on that commemorative pen, but a secure retirement is less predictable.    For the majority of Americans without a finance degree, the market is, at best, a confusing place.    I appreciate the fact that you are a very distinguished doctor in addition to a member of Congress, Mr. Chairman. I have four siblings and they are all doctors. And you know, I am a lawyer, and I promised them I would never be a plaintiff's personal injury lawyer, and I kept that promise, no disrespect to any plaintiff's personal injury lawyers around the table.    But you know what? As I said, three of the most important decisions that people make in their lives are medical, legal, and financial. And I know my siblings, the doctors, they understand that they have a very concrete obligation to put their patients' best interests first, just as I as a lawyer have an obligation to put my clients' best interests first. That is clear.    And most people assume that the same holds true for their financial professionals. But that is not necessarily the case.    Indeed, many of those working in the retirement space are in fact doing the right thing. Many of them are fiduciaries already, having taken an oath to serve in the best interests of their clients.    Yet many more are not fiduciaries, and despite marketing that might suggest otherwise, they operate under no such commitment to do what is in the best interests of their clients.    When seeking advice on retirement, consumers are at an informational disadvantage. This playing field is not level.    But this is not simply about people who do bad things. I actually think, and I agree with both the Chairman and the Ranking Member, that the vast majority of people who provide advice are trying to do the right thing. I have not heard from anyone who said that I don't do anything but try to put my customers' best interests first.    But the challenge is that the system is flawed. They are operating within a structurally flawed system, a market that sees the personal financial interests of the adviser and the firm all too frequently misaligned with the best interests of the customer.    So the Labor Department's conflict of interest proposal has a singular goal: to align the best interests of the customer with those of the adviser and the firm. Simply put, we want to create an enforceable best-interest standard so that you can have certainty that your financial adviser is working for you first and foremost.    This proposed rule is a product of lengthy, exhaustive outreach. It includes extensive consultation with the SEC, whose expertise has been invaluable as we have developed this rule. Our outreach to the SEC was not a box-checking exercise, it was critical to the rulemaking and it has helped us make a better proposal.    The proposed rule was also following very significant outreach to representatives of consumer groups, the financial services industry and members of Congress. And we appreciate that input that we have gotten throughout the process.    We have established a lengthy comment process of roughly 140 days, which is one of the longest that we have done in a rule, and for good reason.    Throughout this outreach process, I have been very heartened by the calls that we have gotten from many in the industry to establish a best-interest standard.    So for instance, John Thiel, the head of Merrill Lynch Wealth Management, said, ``Since 2010, we have supported the notion of a consistent and higher standard for every professional that deals with the American investor and those that deal with retirement plans. As an organization, we have provided input to policymakers in Washington. We believe we were heard and we will have an additional opportunity to comment.''    The CEO of Bank of America, Brian Moynihan, said, and I quote: ``We believe that doing what is in the best interests for your customers is absolutely the right thing to do. We have been clear that we see the industry moving and we expect to help it move there.''    There is an increasing recognition inside and outside the industry that the best-interest standard is in fact the right way to go. The debate has shifted unmistakably from what problem to an acknowledgment of the problem that people providing investment advice should have an enforceable obligation to look out for their customers' best interests.    And now the important questions that remain, and I agree with the Ranking Member, is how do we operationalize this standard?    And we look forward to the feedback and constructive dialogue that we continue to have so that we can get ideas on how best to operationalize this because leaders of large and small businesses alike have recognized not simply that this is the right thing to do, but it is the smart thing to do.    Jack Bogle, the founder of Vanguard, said, and I quote: ``For as long as I can remember I have pressed for a federal standard of fiduciary duty, a simple rule that stresses that clients come first.''    Mr. Bogle has 64 years in the business and he said, ``I learned early on that when you put your customers' interests first it is great for your customer and it is great for business.''    He has retired, but Vanguard's competitiveness has not.    And while Jack Bogle, who built Vanguard, understands the importance of acting in the best interests of his clients, so do many small- and medium-sized companies.    Wealthfront is a relatively small investment adviser just shy of four years old. And they wrote to us recently to say, and I quote: ``We were built from the ground up to operate under the full fiduciary standard despite serving small accounts and charging incredibly low fees. Thankfully, our effort to serve the small investor has been rewarded with unprecedented growth. Wealthfront is living proof that not only is it possible to provide fiduciary service at low cost to small investors nationwide, but also that the market greatly rewards these efforts.''    This is what we are hearing from members of the industry. And what we are hearing is that the rule is good news for both American workers and retirees and everyone who is leaving a job and deciding what to do with their hard-earned money.    But ultimately, it is not about simply the firms, it is about the people. The middle-class life rests on five pillars: fair pay, a roof over your head, health care for your family, education for you and your children, and the ability to save for you and your family's retirement.    I totally agree with you, Mr. Chairman, that we have a retirement crisis. We have got to save more. And what we are trying to do in this rule is to ensure that the hard-earned money that people have saved throughout their career can go to them and at the same time making sure that we have an industry that continues to be able to do good and do well. You can do both.    And I look forward to hearing your questions and concerns. And I look forward to continuing the outreach because it has been a very, very constructive process for the two years, or roughly two years, I have been in this job. I have appreciated the input from many members of this Committee who have helped us frame an even better rule.    So thank you, Mr. Chairman, for your courtesy. And I look forward to your questions and those of everyone on the Committee.    Secretary Perez. I think it makes it easier for both workers and for employers. And let me talk about workers first.    It is a very confusing world for people who want to get advice, because some people that give advice have taken an oath to have a fiduciary obligation, some people are broker dealers and they are under a suitability standard, and some are actually dual-hatted. So depending on where you are in the conversation, they are a fiduciary one minute and they are not a fiduciary the next minute.    That is remarkably confusing for consumers. And that is not the case for a doctor or a lawyer. When you go in there, your doctor is always looking out for your best interests and your lawyer is looking out for your best interests.    So, this rule makes it simpler by making sure we have one standard.    As it relates to businesses, businesses are often victims. And I have spoken to a lot of small businesses who, you know, they know how to make widgets, they are not experts in investing. And what they are often getting is advice that also has the same structural flaws.    So when small businesses who are trying to do well by their employees are looking for that advice, this rule is going to ensure that businesses and consumers alike are going to have access to that same non-conflicting advice.    Secretary Perez. Well, I can tell you that we have also spoken to a lot of small businesses as well. And one interesting one--    Secretary Perez. I think, sir, this rule is very straightforward. You have an obligation, if you are providing advice, to look out for your customers' best interests.    Secretary Perez. Well, that is what the rule says. And that is what the proposal says. And what we heard in our feedback was we don't want a straitjacket. We want to make sure that we don't have to ban commissions, for instance. And the rule doesn't ban commissions. We want a flexible road map for compliance that enables us to design what works best for our business, and the best-interest contract is exactly responsive to that.    Now, if there are questions about how to operationalize it, as the Ranking Member said, we are having that conversation right now. And we are having very productive conversations about how to make it work.    The issue you said about publishing fees, I believe in transparency, the problem right now is that the system is really, really opaque. You don't know what your fees are because there are a lot of hidden fees. And when you publish these and have that sunshine, there will be, I predict, third parties that are going to emerge that are going to start the consumer reports of financial advice. And so consumers are going to be more empowered when you have that transparency.    Secretary Perez. Sure. We have had extensive conversations with the SEC. We detailed this in a letter. I have had, I think, eight different, either face-to-face or calls, meetings with Chair White throughout this process.    We provided the day before yesterday roughly 800 pages of documentation to note and document the extent of the coordination. And it has been very helpful. Our career staffs have met countless times over the last four years. And as the materials describe, you will see that they had helped inform our judgment in every aspect of the rule.    This Committee has helped inform our judgment as well. And I want to thank Congressman Guthrie.    We had a provision in the old rule that related to ESOPs. And there were some concerns raised by Congressman Guthrie and some of his constituents with whom we met. And as a result of that, we took that out of the current proposal.    And so we are going to continue to listen and learn, whether it is from the SEC, whether it is from members of Congress, whether it is from industry. All the stakeholders have really helped us make this a better rule. And I am confident that the final rule will be even better because we continue to get good input.    Secretary Perez. Sure. The best-interest contract is our way of making sure. This is our Ronald Reagan provision in the rule, which is that we want to trust and verify.    I have yet to meet somebody who is an adviser who hasn't told me that they put or they think they put their clients' best interests first.    And so what we are saying in this rule is we agree with you, that is the rule and it is now enforceable. And the best-interest contract is a way to make sure that you have a flexible road map for compliance and that it is enforceable.    There are a number of disclosure requirements that we believe are very discrete and very targeted. You ought to know how much, you know, what the fees are. I think that is a good idea so that you can make informed judgments because, you know, an educated consumer is the best consumer.    Secretary Perez. And that is part of the education that they can absolutely get, because you want to comparison shop. There is a lot of modeling that you can do to figure out, well, what are the fees for a similar product elsewhere? And those are the types of things that this rule would permit and, actually, good practice would dictate.    Secretary Perez. Sure. One of the main things we did, and this was responsive to the feedback we got, is to clarify and really explain the line between education and advice, because we all agree that education is exceedingly important. And this rule establishes very broad parameters for education.    So one of the most important things that you can do in education is talk about asset allocation. That is totally education, nothing kicks in there. You know, you should have some of your money in, you know, equities, bonds, cash. That is education.    Tradeoffs between risk and reward are education.    We had 1996 guidance that we put into the rule, the proposed rule, so that we are operationalizing something that the industry has been using for some time.    We clarified that employers can provide advice because employers are trusted advisers that people go to. And they are not generating a fee so they are not fiduciaries, so we clarified that employers can provide advice.    And we welcome your comments on whether the line is drawn in the right place or whether we should do something different and better.    Secretary Perez. Could you repeat the question, sir? I am sorry.    Secretary Perez. No. We have had an extensive conversation with your staff. And I am a big believer in the importance of oversight. And I think you and I have had this conversation in many contexts. And we look forward to continuing to work with you.    We also had agreed--we offered, I am sure you are aware, to provide a briefing about the extent of the coordination. The materials were due the close of business yesterday; we provided them to you at the close of business Monday so you would have an extra day to review them in preparation for today.    And we will continue to work with you on this.    Secretary Perez. We are still reviewing everything. This process has taken place over five years. And so we wanted to demonstrate our good faith in the work that we are doing. And so we turned over the 800 pages.    Secretary Perez. No. We are continuing to work with your staff, and I think we are working in a collaborative fashion. And again, we offered up a briefing to show the coordination.    And with all due respect, the documents demonstrate, because all of the areas of discussion for a particular meeting are noted on the document, so the issue that was presented in the oversight request was are we collaborating with the SEC. The documents that you have, I would respectfully assert, clearly demonstrate both a wide breadth and depth of collaboration with the SEC.    Secretary Perez. Well, I look forward to our staff oral briefing because I think you will get even more depth about what we have been doing.    And again, the documents that you have now and the proposed rule, you will see that virtually every section of the rule, there were conversations with us and the SEC.    So if the question is, were we talking? The answer is, a lot.    Secretary Perez. Good morning, Congressman.    Secretary Perez. I think we have come a long way, in short. And we have come a long way because I am a big believer, and we had this chat yesterday, Mr. Chairman, when you are in the regulatory process, number one, you have got to build a big table, you have got to make sure you are listening to every stakeholder. You have got to understand what the consequences of your proposed actions are, intended and unintended.    And the best way to learn about the latter is to make sure you have a big table so that you can hear and learn from people who have been in it. And that is what we have done.    And I am heartened by the fact that this conversation has evolved from a there really isn't a problem to address to an increasing recognition that we have to have one standard and it needs to be a best-interest standard because we don't save enough.    And when a family works hard to save $50 or $100,000 or a few hundred thousand in the case of the example I cited, we need to make sure that the advice they are getting is in their best interests. And that is what this is about.    And the question of how to operationalize that, we asked literally dozens of questions in our proposed rule about precisely that, because another principle of effective rulemaking is humility.    We have ideas about how we think you can operationalize it. But we also recognize that so do others. You know, we have met with, and I have personally met with CEOs of Fidelity and others, and their input is invaluable to us. And we will continue to have those meetings.    I have met with small businesses who are in this space, who, frankly, they tell me with regularity anyone who says that they are going to get out of the $11 trillion market, could you give them my email, because I am serving a lot of small savers, and I am making good money using technology and looking out for their best interests. So there is a way to do it.    And so, I think we have improved the rule as a result of that listening, whether it is a more robust economic analysis, whether it is the ESOP issue that Congressman Guthrie addressed and we took it out, whether it is the best-interest contract exemption, which is an effort to make sure that we have guardrails, the best-interest rule, but we have flexibility and compliance.    There is no bar on commissions. That was an issue that we heard and feedback we got and we listened.    And we clarified the line between education and advice. And as I said earlier, if people think that further clarification is necessary, give me chapter and verse because we are all ears.    Secretary Perez. Absolutely. We are having a public hearing in August. The comment period closes, then we have a public hearing, then we publish the transcript of that hearing, and we invite comment on that transcript. So we are going to end up having roughly 140 days of formal comment, and that is on top of the 2 years or so of outreach that we have done to date.    Secretary Perez. Good morning. It is great to see you again.    Secretary Perez. The short answer is you don't have to sign a contract before you have a conversation. And we understand that the proposed rule and part of our feedback that we have heard, this issue has come up with some frequency. And there have been concerns raised about the timing of when the contract requirement would go into place.    And so your question is a perfect example of the issue of, how do we operationalize this, because we have a shared goal in making sure that you can go out and get access to advice, shop around.    You know, I want to know what you are telling me, , and I want to make an informed choice. Just like if I buy a car or I buy a refrigerator, I want to do some comparison shopping.    And our goal is to make sure that comparison shopping is facilitated.    So we have heard that and that is an issue that we, I am confident, are going to clarify because we want to encourage shopping, we want to encourage informed consumers.    And there is a lot that you can go to now and not have a contract. You can go and see somebody and talk about asset allocation. You know, what should my asset allocation be? You can look at interactive modeling and plug in a number of different assumptions and you don't need a contract. That is all a part of the shopping.    The most important part I have learned from talking to folks in the industry about the conversations is the asset allocation conversation. You know, what is your risk tolerance threshold? And my wife and I have different risk tolerance thresholds in this, and we learned that during the course of meeting with our financial planner.    And those are the things we want to facilitate. And those don't require a contract to have those conversations.    Secretary Perez. I am not concerned because everybody that I have spoken to has said that I put my customers' best interests first. I haven't met anybody who says they haven't. And so what we are trying to do is operationalize and memorialize that.    And as it relates to your question about--    Secretary Perez. Because we are trusting and verifying. Because I am sure that when, you know, the Toffels went in they thought they were getting advice that was in their best interest.    But there is a structural problem here. And it isn't about bad actors as much as it is about the fact that when you have a suitability standard there are five different products that are suitable, but many of those products get you a better commission. And it is completely appropriate for you to steer someone to a product that gives you a better commission and does so at the expense of the consumer.    I think that isn't in the best interests of the consumer, and so that is why we are trying to change it.    And by the way, there is a substantial percentage of folks who are already fiduciaries. There is no evidence of a litigation boom with folks who are already fiduciaries.    And we also have a provision in the rule, for your information, that allows a best-interest contract to have a mandatory arbitration clause for individual claims. So a firm can put that in if they want. And it was designed to get at the concern that you address.    Secretary Perez. Good morning, good to see you again.    Secretary Perez. Absolutely. And you are addressing two issues; one is the line between education and advice, and we have a proposal out there, we think it is broad, but we are hearing feedback about how we can make it even clearer. And that feedback is really helpful.    Secondly is the issue that Congresswoman Foxx raised about when you execute that. And again, we have heard that and that is why I keep coming back to why I love this process because you have to have humility to understand that, you know, you have done your best to integrate the feedback you have gotten and folks are going to help you make it better.    And your question, Congresswoman Foxx's question, other questions about the operational aspects of this are very important.    Secretary Perez. Sure.    Secretary Perez. No. I mean, the good news is that we have heard from various stakeholders every one of those items. And again, they are all in a bucket of how do you operationalize this.    One of our goals is transparency. Right now the system is very opaque. You don't know what the precise fees are. Actually, people think it is free. And it isn't free. And so that is why what we are trying to do here is to make sure that, you know, by publishing what various fees are then you can have, as I said before, a consumer reports of apples to apples comparisons that will help consumers make informed judgments.    But all of the issues that you raised are absolutely things that we have been thinking about.    Secretary Perez. Well, that is another area where we are hearing a lot of feedback on. And there have been a number of suggestions that have been raised about phase-ins or, you know, how you can make sure that the rule is in effect. So that is an area where we invite, we affirmatively ask for comment about that. And we are getting a fair amount of it.    So I hope that we can have more conversation about that.    Secretary Perez. Sure.    Secretary Perez. Well, it is an honor to be here. And I learn a lot. You make me smarter, all of you, so I appreciate it.    Secretary Perez. Good to see you again, Mr. Chairman.    Secretary Perez. Absolutely.    Secretary Perez. U.P.    Secretary Perez. I don't have a Harley, though.    Secretary Perez. Yes, I will borrow yours.    Secretary Perez. Well, again, there is a provision in the proposal that allows for mandatory arbitration clauses in the best-interest contract. And that is a provision actually that we took from I believe it was SIFMA or FINRA.    And so in the area of trying to make sure we are harmonizing our rules with other rules, we put that in place because we recognize that was a concern people brought to our attention.    Secretary Perez. Well, we certainly have considered that. I would observe that we now have a controlled experiment going on because there is a substantial subset of people in this space who are already fiduciaries. So if your theory is correct that if you are operating under the best-interest standard you are more susceptible to litigation, that hasn't been borne out.    There is no evidence that folks who are fiduciaries get sued more often. What the evidence shows is that when times are good, there tend to be less lawsuits against advisers. And when times are bad, there tend to be more lawsuits, regardless of whether you are a broker dealer or whether you are a fiduciary.    Secretary Perez. Well, again, you know, the premise of increased litigation risk, I mean, the evidence to date has shown that folks who are fiduciaries aren't dealing with increased litigation risk.    And everybody who has come in, including broker dealers, and said I would like to think that I put my customers' best interests first, if they are in fact doing that then they have little to worry about.    Secretary Perez. Well, again, if there was evidence that fiduciaries were facing increased litigation costs, then that is something we would have flagged. And there is no evidence of that.    So the notion that this is going to trigger a litigation bonanza when you have a mandatory arbitration clause in there and when folks are already doing this, presumably, you know, I respectfully take issue with the premise.    Secretary Perez. There is the real cost of the status quo, sir, as well. So I mean, and we have that.    Secretary Perez. Well, if you look at our budget request for the fiscal 2016 budget, we have a very robust request for IT. And it is not simply for this, but it is to make sure that our IT infrastructure is as impermeable as possible.    And so I look forward to citing you during our budget deliberations about the need to have our IT requests--    Secretary Perez. In the same way you would manage every account. And that is, you know, small investors are the ones who are most vulnerable.    Secretary Perez. Because you know, if you have a 1 percent loss, let's say you invested, you know, I think it is $10,000 and you have it in for 35 years, if you as a result of conflicted advice see a 1 percent diminution in your return, that translates to almost $10,000 less. So it would be about $35,000 over time and instead it is $25,000.    And so, I think that this rule is most designed for small investors.    Secretary Perez. Well, one thing that has been really helpful, and I have certainly learned a lot about this industry over the course of the last two years, is that technology is a huge ally. It is a huge ally in rural America, it is a huge ally in the CNMI.    And I mentioned in my opening remarks a company out of California Wealthfront. They are a startup. They are four years in. They have now over about $2 billion in assets. They don't charge a fee for anyone who is under $10,000, and that is because they believe that--they have a platform that enables them to significantly lower the fees, operate as a fiduciary and do well by doing good.    And so I think technology is a big ally for the residents of the CNMI because--    Secretary Perez. Well, I look forward to talking with you about the various vehicles that are accessible as we speak right now.    Secretary Perez. Good to see you, Congressman.    Secretary Perez. The myRAs are not covered in this rule. And the Treasury Department controls all aspects of the myRA rule.    Secretary Perez. MyRAs are not covered under our rule.    Secretary Perez. Yes. So that wouldn't kick in at all.    Secretary Perez. Well, again, the myRAs as I understand it, and again, I am outside my lane here, so I want to note that at the outset, the purpose of the myRA was to encourage auto enrollment in a different way so that we can help more people who are trying to save.    And when the Treasury Department put those in place, you know, as a result of the fact that it is kind of a startup, that was the decision that was made. And I think it makes sense. And so that is the situation there.    I can get you more information because I don't want to misrepresent anything. And at the moment, you know, what I do know is that the myRA isn't covered here. You know, what I don't know are the nuts and bolts of the myRA.    Secretary Perez. Right. Yes.    Secretary Perez. Well, there is also no referral fees for myRAs. So you aren't falling into any of the tests that would come under here still. That is kind of a biggie.    Secretary Perez. Sure. Well, an employer, if you are talking about an employer, I have 50 people in my business, I have a grocery store, I think that was the one we met--    Secretary Perez. Right, exactly.    Secretary Perez. Anything else that comes up, feel free to give me a call to my cell.    Secretary Perez. We won't be able to?    Secretary Perez. Right. Commissions are not banned under the rule.    Secretary Perez. Right. And as I said, I think, in response to a couple of other questions, we want to make sure that we are facilitating advice and that conversation and the shopping that is critically important for consumers. And so that is an area that people have said it doesn't feel clear enough to me when I have to sign the contract.    And so we are working together to make it clear. And our goal is to make sure that we can facilitate the shopping and that we are talking about it.    And one thing I think that is clear in the rule is that there is a heck of a lot that you can do right now. So you can go to your adviser and he or she will tell you, you know, what is your asset allocation and what is your risk tolerance threshold and let's go online and, you know, we can plug in some assumptions and you can see how if you go more equities versus bonds and given your risk tolerance threshold how it will affect you.    All of these things are in the realm of education. We have a whole group of folks that do a steady diet of educating, including seminars and things of that nature, because we recognize, again, as I have said, an educated consumer is the best customer.    At the same time, I am confident that line is going to be drawn even sharper as a result of the input that we are getting right now. And we welcome that.    Secretary Perez. I look forward to it.    Secretary Perez. Good morning.    Secretary Perez. Well, the rollover market is a huge market. And that is where you really need the right advice. And one thing that our rule does is clarify that employers are very much able to provide advice, including keep your 401(k) with us even after you leave. Because we are talking about, you know, a trillion-dollar impact here.    And so the standard, whether it is the rollover, whether it is, you know, how do I invest my 401(k), is the same. You have to make sure you are looking out for your clients' best interests.    Secretary Perez. I would agree from the circumstances that you have described. And again, that insurance agent sounds to me, at least from the limited facts that we know, has been already looking out for people's best interests, which is why compliance with something you are already doing is very readily attainable.    Secretary Perez. Well, I actually think that the implementation of this is a lot simpler, sir, especially for those like the person you described who is already doing the job and is already abiding.    Because folks, whether it is a large firm, they already have in place policies and practices to make sure that they are mitigating conflicts. And so what we are saying now is, you know, you have an obligation to do that.    And so if they are already doing it, I think compliance is very workable.    Secretary Perez. Yes.    Secretary Perez. Well, you have to make sure that you are putting your clients' best interests first. And so, you know, the situation that we deal with now is under the suitability framework. You may have four or five different options that are suitable, and two of those options get you a significantly higher fee than the other two options.    Well, if under a review of the circumstances that is reasonable, well, then, you could do it. But chances are, you know, the thing we are trying to do is correct the malalignment right now because I want to make sure that when that person is making the decision, making the recommendations to me, that he or she is motivated by my best interest as opposed to I have got four products here that are suitable and I want you to take these two products, even if it gets you 1 percent less.    I don't think that is right. And I think that has real costs for people.    And we have prepared a toolkit for every member of Congress who wants to use it so that they can help educate their constituents on the questions to ask. Because this is a complicated world and there is an inequality of information and we want to empower consumers.    Secretary Perez. You would do pretty good at it, sir.    Secretary Perez. Well, let me take the example of Wealthfront. Wealthfront is a California-based company. They started roughly three years ago. And this is actually a letter from their CEO.    They were built from the ground up to operate under a full fiduciary standard, despite serving small accounts and charging incredibly low fees. And they have now become a $2 billion asset management company.    They don't charge management fees for accounts under $10,000 because ``we do not believe we need to make money on those in the beginning stages of saving and investing. We charge a fraction of what others charge for accounts over $10,000.''    ``And we know that there is a significant debate regarding ways to increase the protections and requirements around providing high-quality fiduciary service. We believe technology can dramatically aid in this front.''    ``Wealthfront is living proof that not only is it possible to provide fiduciary service at low cost to small investors nationwide, but that the market rewards these efforts.''    ``And we believe that technology can not only improve the quality of service provided to small investors, but also lower the barriers and costs that have limited their access in the past, whether they are in California''--they have a 50-state footprint. I don't know whether they are in the CNMI.    But we have spoken to folks like Wealthfront. We have spoken to individual broker dealers who are doing this on the front lines. I think technology is a real ally in this.    Secretary Perez. Well, Wealthfront is not the only company that has figured out how technology can be your ally in helping to serve small-, mid-sized, large-sized savers. I mean, technology is, I think, a linchpin to the innovation that is enabling more people to get access to advice. And that is why I think this is so important.    An equally important fact here, and I think this is something that often gets overlooked, is a lot of people don't seek advice right now because they don't trust the advisers.    Secretary Perez. And what we are trying to do by establishing a best-interest rule is to help bridge the trust gap that currently exists. Because there is a lot of marketing out there, but sometimes the marketing and the reality, there is a little bit of a gulf between the two.    And so when we can have, you know, increased trust by having a best-interest standard, I think we help everybody, including small savers and large savers, get access.    Secretary Perez. Well, we currently, our Employee Benefits Security Administration, EBSA, we have right now a robust docket of enforcement cases. Bernie Madoff, we were part of that prosecution team. The Enron case, we were part of that effort.    We have a steady diet of cases right now involving folks who have breached their fiduciary obligation to the detriment of individuals. And so that will continue.    In this particular rulemaking, you know, what we are trying to do is to create for the individual who has been wronged potentially a remedy through the best-interest contract. The proposition that we are putting forth here is that you now have an enforceable contract, so that looking out--    Secretary Perez. I am done, sir.    Secretary Perez. Good morning, sir.    Secretary Perez. Actually, it doesn't, sir.    Secretary Perez. Well, again, you aren't a fiduciary, sir, because you are running a business.    Secretary Perez. If somebody is giving you advice or there is somebody, your employee, has $100,000 in their 401(k) and they want to know how to invest it and they go to an adviser and he or she gives that person advice, they simply have to look out for your best interests. Just like if you go to the doctor, they have to look out for you.    Secretary Perez. Well, again, you have a duty to act with reasonableness and prudence, just as a lawyer has a duty to look out for their clients and a doctor has a duty to look out for her client, her patient.    Secretary Perez. These are rules. Reasonableness and acting with prudence, this is a construct that has been in place in the financial service industry for literally decades, just as in other contexts, whether it is, you know, in the medical malpractice context, the duty of care. That is not a new concept.    And so the notion that you have to look out for your customers' best interests isn't anything new. And in fact, you know, again, many people are already doing it.    Secretary Perez. For some, but not for everyone. And that is why it is really confusing. Because if your constituents, when they go in, they think that everybody is looking out for them and some have a legal obligation to do it and some don't. That is a problem. That is confusing.    Secretary Perez. Well, no. What we are establishing is that the adviser that they seek out has an obligation to look out for their best interests. I cannot, we do a lot of education and outreach and we hope that people will take the due diligence that they need.    But what we are doing is making sure that the people they go in to see, we are taking out the uncertainty. Is this person looking out for my best interests or does this person have other options? I don't think that is good for consumers. That is why we are doing this.    Secretary Perez. Good to see you.    Ms. Wilson of Florida. I know that you are just as concerned as I am about the economically vulnerable. I represent one of the most economically depressed districts in the country and these individuals I represent work extremely hard to provide for their families, but they struggle to make ends meet. The median household income in my district is $36,748 a year, 30 percent less than national average.    South Florida also has a high cost of living which is growing faster than the national average. These economic realities make it extremely difficult for my constituents to save at the levels that guarantees a secure retirement.    In fact, on average, south Floridians have saved 20 percent less in their 401(k) retirement accounts than the average American.    For example, as a former educator I worked with many teachers who lived on limited wages for years, but were given lump sums out of DROP, sometimes as much as a half-million dollars to last them through retirement. They did not know what to do with all of that money.    Because there is so little margin for error for those with limited savings, I want to be sure that they have access to sound advice from financial professionals, trusted.    My late husband was a financial adviser, so to speak, back in the 1980s. He sold tax-sheltered annuities to first-time people who had little money, but were able to save.    So I know there is going to be a rule. I know there is a proposed rule. And I am hoping that this rule will make sure that, when it is finalized, that people are not intimidated and will find the process access-friendly, that they will want to save and be given that sort of financial assistance.    I want to thank you for responding to my letter and extending the comment period so stakeholders have the opportunity to submit comprehensive feedback.    And under your leadership, I am confident that the department will continue to engage with stakeholders and the public and really look at the feedback that has been provided, because it is my understanding there has been a lot of feedback.    I know how committed you are to making this rule work for all investors. I have heard your life story and I know where you come from and how you have achieved.    Can you speak more about the process that will ensure that all interested parties are heard in the formation of the final rule?    Secretary Perez. Certainly. We are in the middle of the formal comment period. One of the things that we don't generally do, but we did here, was to have a public hearing in August so that we can take additional comments on the rule. Following that public hearing, we will publish that transcript of that hearing and invite comment on that.    We continue to do regular meetings. And I am working not only, you know, with our team, but a lot of other folks have been involved in this effort. My colleague Jeff Zients at the White House has been very helpful.    And our goal is to get it right. I think we can thread this needle. Your concerns that you have expressed about small savers, everybody, that is a concern we all share. And I actually think that small savers can least afford the consequences of conflicted advice. And you know, places like Wealthfront and others are serving every corner of this country now.    And I look forward to learning from you and others about how we can use this as an opportunity to actually enhance access to services for everyone, but in particular for small savers, because I think we can. Because when we increase trust in the people from whom you are getting the advice, then we can increase access even greater.    Ms. Wilson of Florida. Just one final comment. Technology is very intimidating to many people in our communities. It is something that we feel comfortable with because this is what we do. But people who don't have access to technology, it is intimidating. So let's be sure that we don't eliminate them from the equation because they are thrust into a pit that they don't quite understand--    Secretary Perez. The human element, absolutely.    Ms. Wilson of Florida.--but that when this rule is finished, they will have the same opportunities.    I want to make sure that not only people with small amounts of money, but first-time investors, people who find themselves with DROP, a half-million dollars and not know what to do with it. These are the people I am concerned about.    Thank you.    Secretary Perez. I did not coordinate with that particular commissioner because I coordinated with Mary Jo White. She was the one commissioner because she is the chair, just as when I coordinate with the EEOC I go through the chair.    And the documentation--    Secretary Perez. Pardon me?    Secretary Perez. No. If I could finish, sir. The documents, the 800 pages of documents that we have provided demonstrate the dramatic and extensive coordination between our staffs. And you will look and see that there is, you know, page after page of documentation relating to meetings, relating to calls, relating to conversations about various aspects of the rule.    I also traveled, sir, to the U.K. because I wanted to learn from their experience as well. And what we learned, we learned a lot about how the U.K. experience can inform our judgment.    I have also spoken to the Consumer Protection--    Mr. Messer.--specifics about what was--    Secretary Perez. Pardon me?    Secretary Perez. Well, it is interesting that the former chair of the SEC is very supportive of the Department of Labor moving forward. And actually, the current chair has indicated publicly that she thinks the best-interest standard is the right way to go for the SEC regulatory agenda.    So actually, she is saying conceptually that they should be doing the same thing that we are proposing in this rule.    Secretary Perez. Well, actually, what is interesting to note, if you look at the totality of Mr. Ketchum's comments, he says now that a best-interest standard is indeed the right way to go, and I appreciate that. He says a requirement, and he talks about the solutions, requirements that firms carefully design structures and procedures to minimize conflicts, that is what we are trying to do in this rule. Adherence to existing security laws, more effective disclosures.    So actually, there is a remarkable amount of overlap between what our rule says and what he stated.    And we met with FINRA staff as recently as last week. And we met with the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau.    I personally traveled to England to meet with regulators over there and learn from them. We have done a lot of outreach and will continue to because it is important in this process.    Secretary Perez. Yes, that was 2010.    Secretary Perez. It was withdrawn and then we re-proposed it earlier this year after a lengthy period of outreach.    Secretary Perez. Sure. One of the issues that was raised was there was a concern about having a more extensive economic analysis. So this rule contains a much more extensive economic analysis.    There was a concern that Congressman Guthrie and others addressed about a provision we had in the 2010 rule about employee stock ownership plans. And the recommendation was to take that out, and we took that out.    There was a concern about giving more flexible exemptions from the rule that you have to put your clients' best interests first. And the best-interest contract exemption is the attempt to do just that, so that we have created guardrails, but not straitjackets. So that is a new feature of this rule.    We clarified the line between education and advice and we continue to take comment on that to see what the reaction is to where the line is drawn. And we have had some discussion about that today.    So those are some examples of, I think, material changes from now as opposed to 2010.    Secretary Perez. Yes.    Secretary Perez. Well, I think the SEC, our interaction with them, especially I had interaction I think there was eight different times with Chair White, our staffs have been together innumerable times, and I can certainly tell you with confidence that I think the rule, the proposal is a better proposal as a result of that interaction. It was a soup-to-nuts interaction talking about, you know, so many aspects of this process.    Secretary Perez. Again, you know, we had a consistent back-and-forth. And again, we welcome that. And I had a consistent back-and-forth with Chair White. I didn't participate in the career-level meetings and those were the ones where there was a lot of good discussion and good feedback under way.    And again, I think as a result of that feedback you will see there are provisions in the rule that I think are very, very, you know, informed by our judgments and our feedback, not only from them, but from the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, from members of Congress, from consumer groups, from industry stakeholders.    Everybody has an expertise to bring to bear in this. And our goal was to make sure we built a big table so that we could take all that advice to bear.    Secretary Perez. Well, what I said before was that what Brian Moynihan said was we believe that doing what is in the best interest for your customers is absolutely the right thing to do. We have been clear that we see the industry moving and we expect to help it move there.    And so, you know, the fundamental tenet of this rule, which is that you have to act in your clients' best interest, is a tenet that has increasing support.    Now, we are getting a lot of feedback from everyone, including but not limited to B of A, about the questions of operationalizing that and making sure we give it good meaning and that we address the issues of unintended consequences, things of that nature.    But a really important part of this rule, a linchpin if you will, is making sure that when you walk in and your constituents walk in to get advice that they don't have to wonder whether that person is operating under one standard, a higher standard or a lower standard or maybe both.    Secretary Perez. I think any investor who is going to have greater assurance that his or her person giving the advice is looking out for their best interests is going to be benefit.    And you know, small, medium, large is kind of in the eye of the beholder. You know, I have spoken to people who have clients that have $5-$10,000 in their portfolio. I have spoken to people with clients who have millions. And the rule is the same.    Secretary Perez. Okay.    Secretary Perez. The short answer is we have had discussions with fraternal organizations. I think that is 501(c)(8) of the Internal Revenue code.    And what we did in the rule, we ask a number of questions in the rule, and one of the questions that we ask is: do you have a unique set of circumstances that dictate that we should be taking a different approach as it relates to your circumstance? And this is an example.    The meetings that have been taking place with fraternal organizations, that is the issue that we invited. And I welcome that and we are having that discussion as we speak. And I look forward to your more specific observations about what you think should be done in relation to them.    Secretary Perez. Oh, again, we have already met, we will continue to meet. And the purpose of meeting with people is to learn from people and figure out what changes are called for in a final rule.    And as you have seen, the current proposal is far different from the 2010 proposal. And that is because we sat down, we built a large table and we listened to folks. And we are continuing that process now.    And so I appreciate the fact that folks have been taking us up on it. And anyone who comes to see you to say I have a challenge, I would encourage you to send them our way because we want to listen and learn.    Secretary Perez. There is a transparency provision that is designed to get at the following problem. Compensation schemes are very opaque right now because you can legally get your fees from different sources in this. And what we want to make sure is when consumers are making judgments they understand how much things cost and so they can make an informed judgment as to whether this is a good deal for them.    Secretary Perez. Well, the database isn't public. I think the one you are referring to is not a public database.    Secretary Perez. But it is not a public website.    Secretary Perez. Well, again, these are definitions that have been part of the practice for literally decades. You know, acting with reasonableness and prudence under the circumstances.    Everything is a case-specific determination, but these principles of acting prudently and looking out for your consumer, your customers' best interests have been well-established. This is not something that is drawn out of thin air.    Secretary Perez. Why didn't you call me, sir? I could have followed suit.    Secretary Perez. I don't, for all the reasons that I have discussed. Small investors are the ones who can least afford the consequences of conflicted advice.    Secretary Perez. Well, I think it is not going to be in your best interest. I would rather have more money in my pocket when I can get a better return. And the challenge right now is that the system is misaligned and too often advice is motivated by the fees it generates for the person giving the advice as opposed to what is in the best interest of the customer.    Secretary Perez. I have one sentence.    Secretary Perez. Well, sir, we have many people in the industry who are saying that we need to have a best-interest standard because the system is misaligned. When I go in to see my doctor, I know that he or she is looking out for my best interest. I have got cancer, you are going to tell me what is best for me, you aren't going to tell me what is suitable for me.    And when I go into a doctor or when I go into a financial adviser and they are telling me what is suitable, well, what that means is that there may be four or five products that are suitable.    Secretary Perez. Well, with all due respect, sir, in my opening statement I explicitly said that most of the people in this business are trying to do the right thing. There are a few bad apples.    What we have is a structural systems problem. People are rational, they respond to the incentives that are there. And it is perfectly legal right now to steer someone to a product that maximizes your return as the broker dealer at the expense of the return of the individual investor.    And that is what we are trying to change. We are trying to change this malalignment and make sure that every time I walk in and every time your constituent walks in, they can have confidence that their adviser is going to do that.    Secretary Perez. The Toffel family couldn't disagree with you more, sir, because the Toffel family lost $50,000 as a result of conflicting advice.    Secretary Perez. Well, sir, one thing I can wholeheartedly agree with you on is we will not agree on this.    Secretary Perez. Well, the free market didn't quite work for the Toffel family, congressman. And it didn't work because the system right now creates incentives and it is perfectly legal for people to give advice that is motivated not by a concern first and foremost for your clients' best interests, but by the fee structures. That is what we are trying to change.    Secretary Perez. I fear we would have more Toffels.    Secretary Perez. Well, it affects, you know, 401(k)s, it affects IRAs, it affects rollovers. Trillions of dollars is what we are talking about right now.    Secretary Perez. Correct.    Secretary Perez. Well, Congress made a judgment to give tax-preferred treatment, and that was a good judgment, that was a sound judgment. I don't think Congress made a judgment to give tax-preferred treatment so that people who are then trying to make sure they have a healthy retirement, like the Toffels, then get themselves into the circumstances they have found themselves in, which were totally preventable.    Secretary Perez. There is a suitability threshold that must be surmounted. But within that suitability threshold, you can have a number of products that have different commission or other fee structures for the person selling that.    And the current system does not prevent you from taking advantage of that incentive. And I think that is wrong, and that is what we are trying to change.    Secretary Perez. You would want to look at not simply price, but return and things of that nature.    Secretary Perez. The premise of your question, yes, I mean, assuming all things are equal, then that is the challenge that we are trying to address in this rule is to make sure that we are putting your clients' best interests first.    Secretary Perez. That is a huge part of the challenge that we confront, because people are unaware. You don't know what you don't know. There is a very significant inequality of information here. And that is why this rule is necessary.    Secretary Perez. Well, and they assumed that they were trustworthy. They read the marketing materials. And in fact, most are very trustworthy, but we are trying to do the Ronald Reagan trust but verify by having an enforceable contract.    Secretary Perez. Well, if you are like me you don't know a heck of a lot about it. And I feel like I am a fairly educated person, but I also when I go to my financial adviser I feel the same way as when I go to my mechanic. These are two areas where I know very little about and I want to trust somebody else and I want to make sure that trust isn't misplaced.    Secretary Perez. That is pretty good. I agree.    Secretary Perez. Thank you for your time, sir.    Secretary Perez. And I always appreciate your courtesy.