    Mr. Foster. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank you to the witnesses for coming here today to talk about this very exciting discovery. As the only Ph.D. scientist in Congress, I'm probably more excited about this than most others who've come to hear this today.    A century after Einstein theorized the existence of gravitational waves, 50 years after Rai Weiss began thinking of an interferometric gravitational-wave detector as part of a class exercise at MIT, 40 years after the spin-down of orbiting neutron stars starting giving the first hints that gravitational waves were being emitted from astrophysical sources, and 25 years after the National Science Foundation began courageous and sustained funding for an international collaboration of hundreds of scientists to begin constructing this large and technically risky project, physicists have spectacularly confirmed Einstein's theory. This is a discovery that will live on in the science textbooks forever.    And with this discovery, we have opened a new window onto the universe and we have verified that our new telescope is working and now the fun begins.    Thank you, and I yield back.    Mr. Foster. Thank you all again.    And just in terms of technology, I bet you have some fun facts about your mirror specifications and how that compares to the sort of mirror that you look at every day in the bathroom.    Mr. Foster. Thank you. So cooling the mirror is not going to get around the coating problem?    Mr. Foster. And what do you think are the ultimate capabilities of ground-based versus space-based and what are the sort of sources that you can hope to see with each? And in particular, what would it take to get to the sensitivity where you could have seen SN1987A, the supernova that was detected in my--the detector built for my Ph.D. thesis?    Mr. Foster. Do you have any graduate students where that's going to be their Ph.D. thesis?    Mr. Foster. And so do you have an easy way to explain to this Committee what squeezed light is?    Mr. Foster. Thank you. I yield back.