    Mr. Royce. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I appreciate it.    I am increasingly concerned about what Mr. Harris described as the diminishing returns of increased regulation. When a regional bank is spending $200 million on compliance projects, and hiring 500 additional non-loan-officer staff, it really makes you question who is benefiting. Certainly not the customer looking for a loan to build a home or start a business or pay for a child's education.    And a lot has already been said today by Members on both sides of the aisle about how the current $50 billion threshold for enhanced prudential standards is the wrong one. And I would like to ask Mr. Kini: You, in your testimony, describe how this is not the only place that the number has been applied. In fact, it has become what you termed a ``systemic risk lodestar'' for the Federal financial regulatory agencies.    Where else has this been applied, since you raised that issue? And under today's regulation, what is the difference between being a $49 billion bank and a $51 billion bank?    Mr. Royce. So you are saying that regulators have used the flexibility given to them under current law to apply the $50 billion threshold on this elsewhere, even when not required, and they have not, as some have suggested, used the flexibility to tailor the regulation based on the risks posed by the bank?    Mr. Royce. Right.    So here is my question, could the Federal Reserve, on its own, raise the CCAR level to $100 billion or $250 billion? If, as Dr. Johnson suggested, the $50 billion threshold is not a systemic risk designation, then wouldn't a higher number make sense for stress-testing?    Mr. Royce. Okay.    My last question to you would be, have other countries around the world adopted the bright-line $50 billion asset-based threshold here?    And, also, did the Federal Reserve advocate for this approach when the Basel Committee was designing its methodology for determining systemic risk regulation?    Mr. Royce. Thank you, Mr. Kini. I appreciate it.    And thank you, Mr. Chairman.