    Chairman Chaffetz. Good morning. The Committee on Oversight and Government Reform will come to order. Without objection, the chair is authorized to declare a recess at any time.    Today's hearing is the third in a series examining the State Department's construction of diplomatic facilities overseas. In July, we learned how State failed to properly acknowledge known risk in the construction of the new embassy in Kabul, Afghanistan. Building the embassy in Kabul has taken longer and cost hundreds of millions of dollars more than budgeted, leaving embassy staff in less secure and temporary facilities. In September, we saw how a long delay to design and build consulates in Matamoros and Nuevo Laredo, Mexico, exposed personnel to some unnecessary risk. And today we hope to understand the State Department's progress in the building a new embassy in London, perhaps the single largest expenditure we've had on such a building.    Obviously, the United States needs a large, secure, and functional embassy in the capital of one of its oldest and most important allies. Certainly, our presence in London is noteworthy and it needs to provide a variety of functions, above and beyond what other embassies, I'm sure, are called upon to do. But one of the things we're concerned about is the State's gambling with Federal dollars to get the embassy that our diplomats need.    Over the summer, the State Department inspector general issued a report on its findings regarding the London embassy construction. The inspector general found that while the agency has certified to Congress its plan for a new embassy would be secure, in reality that was not necessarily the case at that time. In fact, State had no idea that the embassy had met security standards, but it started the construction anyway.    State's premature certification and construction violated Federal law and its own internal policies, which required State to prove the new embassy would be safe before construction began. Construction in London began before State even blast tested the embassy's outside wall, a test designed to ensure the safety of the building and its personnel.    Rather than admitting that it violated Federal law, State doubled down. Outside the building, called the curtain wall, had failed several computerized blast tests. In fact, let's put up a picture of the rendering. This is just a rendering, not a picture, but a rendering of what the new embassy is supposed to look like in its finality. The outside of the building, called the curtain wall, had failed several computerized blast tests.    Thank you. You can take that down.    State's Diplomatic Security Bureau required Overseas Buildings Operations to do full-scale blast test using explosives rather than a computerized simulation. That blast test did not start until at least 3 months after State certified to Congress that the curtain wall was safe. And the curtain wall did not actually pass blast testing until approximately 6 months after the certification and construction had begun.    Proceeding without knowing whether the building would be safe was gambling with the government's money, and we're concerned about that long term. State is freely spending tax dollars on its embassy and consulate construction around the world, yet asserts it is, quote-unquote, self-funding the London project through sales of other properties in London.    But that's part of the problem with the London embassy construction. State sold its current embassy in London to a group of investors, and under the deal State has to leave its current space by early of 2017. Significant financial penalties to State and ultimately the taxpayers will be incurred should construction run over schedule. As we've learned over several past hearings on the subject, most of the time, at least our experience, that has happened.    Fear of those penalties drove State to take significant risks to meet its aggressive schedule. These risks include contracting vehicle never before used by the State Department. According to the inspector general, the contracting officer did not fully understand the contract. That lack of understanding resulted in the Overseas Building Operations office and the inspector general's inability to account for roughly $42 million. The IG does not believe the money is missing. It's just not accounted for due to mismanagement.    Quite frankly, I can't tell the difference. If they can't account for it and they can't find it, I just don't know how it's not missing, and that's part of what we're hoping to clear up here today.    Even accepting the IG's conclusion, this shows that State, trying to meet perhaps too aggressive a construction schedule, made another gamble by using a contracting vehicle that it did not understand. State did accept the inspector general's recommendation that it offer additional training for future contracts of this sort, but there are some other challenges and questions we have that we hope to have clarified regarding the London embassy project.    The State Department spent $1 million, evidently, on a granite sculpture that was too heavy for the new embassy. However, no one figured that out before spending the money. In addition, the glass for the curtain wall should have been earning some frequent flyer miles as press reports indicate the glass was manufactured in Europe, shipped to the United States under guard for framing, and then sent back across the Atlantic for installation in London. State's under secretary for management, the same person who certified the construction could begin before the blast testing, dismissed the criticism, saying, quote, ``Sometimes you have to move things, sometimes you don't,'' end quote.    And finally, the documents produced to the committee show that State authorized what appears to be $12 million in soil remediation. As we have discussed in other hearings this year, particularly in Mexico City, State apparently doesn't mind building embassies in places where the soil is contaminated. We would like to learn more about what's happening there.    We need to get our people in safe facilities as quickly as possible. We don't need to take wild risks and freely spend money that could otherwise be used to get other folks in high-risk places into safer facilities.    Building and construction is a volatile situation. There are many, many moving parts, and things change and adapt as they move over time. We understand that. There needs to be some degree of flexibility. But with two outstanding recommendations from the inspector general, we would like to have those resolved and have this discussion.    This is a billion-dollar expenditure and we need to get it right, because London is one of our most important embassies on the face of the planet, and we need to make sure that it's done right and properly and we account for, in this case, tens of millions of dollars that we can't seem to find.    So, with that, I would now like to recognize the distinguished member, the ranking member, Mr. Cummings, for his opening statement.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentleman.    I will hold the record open for 5 legislative days for any members who would like to submit a written statement.    Chairman Chaffetz. We'll now recognize our witnesses. I'm pleased to welcome back Ms. Lydia Muniz, director of the Bureau of Overseas Buildings Operations at the United States Department of State; we have Mr. Gregory Starr, assistant secretary of the Bureau of Diplomatic Security at the United States Department of State; and Steve Linick, inspector general of the Office of the Inspector General at the United States Department of State.    Welcome all.    Pursuant to committee rules, all witnesses are to be sworn before they testify. If you'll please rise and raise your right hands.    Do you solemnly swear or affirm that the testimony you're about to give will be the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth? Thank you.    Let the record reflect that all the witnesses answered in the affirmative.    We would appreciate your limiting your verbal comments to 5 minutes. Your entire written statement will, obviously, be entered into the record.    Ms. Muniz, you're now recognized for 5 minutes. Bring those mics right up close. We need the projection, plus we need it for the--there we go. Thank you.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you.    Mr. Starr, you're now recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you.    Mr. Linick, you're now recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you.    I'll now recognize myself for 5 minutes.    Ms. Muniz, how is it that OBO started construction on this facility prior to having the security parameters in place? And how is it that the under secretary of management certifies to Congress that it's safe and secure but when they haven't completed all the security tests?    Chairman Chaffetz. Why did you start construction prior to the DS certification?    Chairman Chaffetz. When do you think we----    Chairman Chaffetz. When did you think we started construction?    Chairman Chaffetz. Okay. So let me run you through a couple pictures. These are pictures provided by State Department on your Flickr account.    Chairman Chaffetz. Are you telling us that that's not construction?    I have three pictures here I would like to show you. And what we've been told is these pictures are dated by State Department on the State Department Web site prior to the certification. And that's what the inspector general's--I mean, it didn't come to our attention but for the inspector general, and you don't seem to agree with it, and we're confused by that. We're supposed to believe that that's not construction.    Go to slide number 2.    Chairman Chaffetz. That to me seems like an awful lot of work going on and a lot of construction, and you don't believe that that's--you telling us that's not construction?    Chairman Chaffetz. Go to the next slide.    Chairman Chaffetz. We've never built a building like this. You've never used a blast wall like this. It had not been certified, it had not gone through the testing. When I went to London and talked to the people on the ground, they said we've never built anything like this.    And the point the inspector general is making, I'd like to get his comments on this, is you're taking a huge risk. That, to me, looks like construction. And you're saying that, well, it's done in the past, it's not construction.    Mr. Linick, is that construction? Does that put us at risk? What if that hadn't passed this test?    Chairman Chaffetz. Go ahead, Mr. Linick.    Chairman Chaffetz. And that is the key to why we're here.    Mr. Starr, I'll give you a chance to answer. My time is expiring. But this picture was taken weeks before you even started your testing.    Chairman Chaffetz. Keep going.    Chairman Chaffetz. Was your blast test--let me--was your blast testing done before that date?    Chairman Chaffetz. But that's the point. That's the point.    Chairman Chaffetz. You're here to tell me as the head of Diplomatic Security you're not required to do blast testing?    Chairman Chaffetz. You need a piece of legislation that tells you we're going to have to do blast testing?    Chairman Chaffetz. Yes. But don't come before us and tell us that you had certified that building. That's not what the inspector general had found.    Chairman Chaffetz. You had not done the blast testing when that--look how far developed that was. They didn't whip that up in 2 weeks.    Chairman Chaffetz. When was that?    Chairman Chaffetz. Then why didn't you do any blast testing?    Chairman Chaffetz. That's not true.    Chairman Chaffetz. You had failures during these blast tests.    Chairman Chaffetz. You're telling me there were no failures in these blast tests?    Chairman Chaffetz. No, were there any failures on these blast tests?    Chairman Chaffetz. There you go.    Chairman Chaffetz. After you had started the construction.    Chairman Chaffetz. My apologies to my colleagues. I do not want to take so much time. I want to give you the latitude to offer those types of answers.    You have a very skeptical Congress who thinks you're gambling with a lot of money and a lot of commitment here. At the same time, you have an inspector general that finds it's not in compliance with the law, not in compliance with your own internal standards. And you're here to try to convince us, based on those three photos, that that's not actually construction. And that's why we're having this meeting.    Chairman Chaffetz. Let me go to my ranking member, Mr. Cummings.    Chairman Chaffetz. I now recognize Mr. Mica of Florida.    Chairman Chaffetz. Well, with all due respect, if the gentleman will yield, the problem is when you have a facility that the life expectancy is less than 10 years, it's a different set of standards. And that's not what happened in Benghazi. That's not what happened in Tripoli. You did not erect a facility in Tripoli that was secure. It was the biggest embarrassment to this government. I've been there. I've seen it. You cannot tell me that you've done that every single time when people were killed in those facilities.    Chairman Chaffetz. What would you consider Tripoli?    Chairman Chaffetz. Okay. But this is the problem. You take an American and you put him out there, they're in a very difficult circumstance, we need our diplomats out there engaging with these people. Do you think they care that there's a difference whether you built it or somebody else built it? You're certifying that it's secure and you don't do that on a regular practice. It is regular practice to offer waivers. In fact, one of the waivers we're looking at here happened in London.    So that's why we keep having these hearings. Don't lead this Congress to believe that every facility we put people into is safe and secure when you offer waiver after waiver after waiver, because you did it in Tripoli, You did it in Benghazi, and you've done it before in other places.    Chairman Chaffetz. You just sat here before us and told us every building we put people in----    Chairman Chaffetz. And that's mincing words.    Chairman Chaffetz. That's not being honest and candid with the American people and with this Congress.    Chairman Chaffetz. What do you tell the kid from Tennessee that you send overseas----    Chairman Chaffetz. Before the gentleman yields back, are there any waivers in Jakarta? The answer is yes.    Chairman Chaffetz. And you're building that facility.    Chairman Chaffetz. Okay. You give us a list of new construction waivers and you put in writing that that number is zero, because that is not true.    Chairman Chaffetz. You give this committee--is that fair enough--you give that information to this committee.    Chairman Chaffetz. Will you give that to our committee?    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you. And the reason you're here is you have an inspector general saying you're not abiding by Federal law.    So our time has gone well past. Ms. Maloney from New York is now recognized for a very generous 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you.    We'll now recognize the gentleman from North Carolina, Mr. Walker, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. If the gentleman will yield.    Chairman Chaffetz. Mr. Starr, you're taking great liberties that I think are well beyond your ability to back them up to suggest, quote, ``Engineers fully said it would,'' end quote. It was not unanimous. All the engineers did not line up and say this meets every standard.    And what I point to is Mr. Linick's report. Go to page 9 of the audit itself. It goes through the audit results.    Mr. Linick, please clearly tell us, in your opinion, did they or did they not violate their own internal policies on what they should or should not be doing and when they should do it?    Chairman Chaffetz. And, Mr. Starr, to suggest that government buildings are more secure than any--the representation you made--than any private sector building on the face of the planet? You cannot get away with saying that.    There a lot of buildings out there going to be a lot more safe and secure using different materials and different--why do you make such sweeping generalizations when you know they can't be backed up? That's something the committee needs to report.    Chairman Chaffetz. No, we'll pull back the record.    Chairman Chaffetz. You're just overstepping your bounds.    Chairman Chaffetz. No, you're trying----    Chairman Chaffetz. I am not calling on you right now. We're calling on Mr. Welch.    Mr. Welch is now recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentleman.    I now recognize the gentleman from Georgia, Mr. Hice, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you. That was very helpful.    Ms. Norton, you're now recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentlewoman.    We'll now recognize Mr. Carter of Georgia for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank the gentleman.    Chairman Chaffetz. The gentleman----    Chairman Chaffetz. The gentleman yields back. The gentleman yields back.    The gentleman from North Carolina, Mr. Meadows, is now recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Before the gentleman yields back, this is why I have a problem when you make sweeping generalizations, saying we never issue waivers. And we know there's two examples right there. You make this infinitely more complex in your testimony. That's my personal opinion.    And to suggest that we haven't made staff available, well, here's my frustration. June 23, 2014, we sent a list of questions still outstanding, have not gotten a full and complete response to that. July 21 we sent a letter, production is still going on.    We sent another letter dealing with Maputo, Harare, and Saudi Arabia, sent August 6, still outstanding. We sent a letter to you on October 16 regarding danger pay, still outstanding. Sent another letter on October 7, due October 21, production has not even started on that, nor was it even started on danger pay.    So you say it's a lack of communication, but when I send you a letter and this committee wants to get some answers, even when we've given you, you know, nearly 6 months, you can't seem to respond to us. And that leads us to beg the question of what is it that they're hiding, why will they not comply with this? We're asking, I think, some very basic, simple questions.    Other committees--or other agencies don't have this problem. Some do, but others don't. And it's compounded by the fact that we have the greatest respect to the inspector general community, and when these professionals, without their partisan hats on, without--come in and look and do an analysis and say impartially that there's a problem here, it gets our attention.    We're irresponsible if we just ignore it and put it on a shelf. My biggest fear is these 13,000 people throughout the inspector general community, they do good work, they'll look at it sometimes for a year or 2, and that we don't respond to it. That's my concern.    And so the situation here with the blast wall is different and unique because it's never been used. Not only has it never been used by us as the United States Government, when I went to London, the people on the ground, good, hard-working people committed to making the very best, safest product they can, and I asked them, ``Is there an example somewhere in the universe that we can look at this?'' They said, ``No, nobody's ever done this before.'' They were proud of the fact that we were blazing new trails. That kind of begs the question that maybe we should do a testing.    And then you come before our committee today and suggest that all the engineers were all lined up behind us. That's not true. That is fundamentally not true.    And so I think Mr. Linick makes a very good point, the certification we give to Congress, I mean, you can play, you know, hide the rabbit, and we've got to try to figure out which hole it's under, but there's an expectation, I think, in the law that that certification tells us that the tests have been done and that you--and you say it's not a lack of clarity, but you have the inspector general disagreeing with you. That's why we're here today.    So I appreciate the gentleman letting me use some of his time. Let's now recognize Mr. Russell for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Before the gentleman yields back, I want to follow up on his question. Are you suggesting to us that there are no outstanding requests for anything from the Marines?    Chairman Chaffetz. When, when, wait, I want to get to the marines here, okay.    If they need material, if they need equipment, they're to make----    Chairman Chaffetz. Through the Marine Corps.    Chairman Chaffetz. And they're to get that from the Marine Corps?    Chairman Chaffetz. So if they need night vision capability, they need to be able--they're sitting there in the booth and they want to be able to see the perimeter, whose responsibility is that?    Chairman Chaffetz. Wait a second. Now, there's individual goggles.    Chairman Chaffetz. But then there are cameras.    Chairman Chaffetz. That is absolutely not true.    Chairman Chaffetz. You are so full of it, I can't even begin to tell you. That is not true. You come before this committee, you come before Congress, and you keep representing that we have all this in. They do not.    Chairman Chaffetz. Don't bark back at me. No, Mr. Starr, you are not----    Chairman Chaffetz. Mr. Starr, Mr. Starr, the time--when I ask you a question, then you can answer it.    This is the problem with you in this position. You cannot tell me that there is night vision capability at each of our embassies and consulates. Is that what you're testifying to?    Chairman Chaffetz. Do they have a night vision capability?    Chairman Chaffetz. In the dark?    Chairman Chaffetz. You are misrepresenting the facts, Mr. Starr.    Chairman Chaffetz. It's not complete. You've wanted us to believe, if I didn't question you, that every one of our posts can see at night. They can't.    Chairman Chaffetz. And you don't understand that. You are the assistant secretary, Bureau of Diplomatic Security, and you don't know that our people can't see at night.    Chairman Chaffetz. I think the picture is really clear. You can understand why these RSOs are having so many problems. I walk into every embassy I go into now and ask them if I can see at night. One of the most recent embassies I walked into, they said, ``Well, if the lights are on.''    I said, ``Well, what happens if it's dark, what happens if they shoot out the lights?'' ``No, then we couldn't see a thing. We'd be in the pitch dark.''    How you, in that position, have the arrogance to come before us and say everybody has the ability to see at night, I'm telling you, Mr. Starr, you are beyond, beyond belief here. This is why we keep coming back here, because that is fundamentally and totally not true. And I'm dedicating my life running around the world to make sure that they get the equipment that they have. The problem is, the person who is in position to do it, who could go down to Home Depot and buy this stuff, isn't doing it, doesn't even think it's a problem.    I would love to see a list. Are you able to provide a list to us of all the outstanding requests by the regional security officers? Can you provide us that list?    Chairman Chaffetz. When will you provide it?    Chairman Chaffetz. Two weeks it is.    Chairman Chaffetz. Now I recognize the gentleman from Alabama, Mr. Palmer----    Chairman Chaffetz. Sure.    Chairman Chaffetz. I appreciate you getting that list to this committee. I do appreciate it. We look forward to seeing it in 2 weeks.    Mr. Palmer from Alabama is now recognized.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you.    As a follow-up here, I now have a number of issues and questions I need to go through.    So that picture that was just up on the screen, that is one of our concerns. I think it's a legitimate concern, it's something that the IG is seeing, something that we're seeing. If we can put that picture back up there, that same one, which the most recent one.    If I hear right, OBO is saying that's not construction, that has been the practice for 10 years, predated what you had done. And we're looking at that, saying, well, we think that does meet the standard of construction.    And one last line, then I'll give you a chance to answer. In the IG report, it says, quote, ``The Department must provide certification to Congress that the project design will meet security standards prior to undertaking construction.'' And I think this is the disconnect. We may not be able to resolve it today, but I think we've understood where the disconnect, in part, is.    Ms. Muniz.    Chairman Chaffetz. Sounds good. The problem is the inspector general is also not convinced. And I think we would have a greater level of confidence, but the inspector general still 5 months out is still saying this is an outstanding recommendation.    And I think it is also materially different when you have such a design element that is dramatically different. It's not something we've ever done before, nobody has ever done before. And it's not a little, hey, we're going to try a new air conditioner. We're talking about the whole facade, the whole blast wall of the entire building in this day and age where safety and security is so paramount.    We have surrounded it. I'm just saying we want to work with you on that. But I also want you to work with the inspector general. I think our issue is not just pulled out of thin air, it is well founded, and that the IG is really the one that pointed this out.    Along with that is there are four outstanding recommendations? Or two of those have been closed? Help me, Mr. Linick, as to where we're at with this.    Chairman Chaffetz. What's outstanding?    Chairman Chaffetz. And I think it would be helpful if State could provide sort of a definition of what construction is, because I think this is where there is a disconnect between the three different entities here, between State, the IG, and certainly us in Congress. So I hope you find that favorable. We'll work towards that.    Chairman Chaffetz. Sure. Sure.    Chairman Chaffetz. Yes. That's why we're 5 months later after these recommendations and we're having to call a hearing.    Chairman Chaffetz. Taking photos of buildings under construction, what is--is there a State Department policy on that? We do it? We don't do it? I'm getting conflicts here.    Chairman Chaffetz. When I was in Jakarta touring that facility, you know, I'm on the Oversight Committee, I'm the chairman of this committee, and they didn't want me--I took some, but they didn't want me to take any photos of those buildings in a very raw state. And then we come back and we look online and you got Flickr accounts.    And go to the other one. This is all public, you know. And I really do question, based on the security side, I don't know if you all are having to look at this, but there's another photo, hopefully we have it, from the inside of the building, where I really question whether--whose best interest is that? I mean, I know we want to get our Facebook posts up and get more people following us on Instagram. But we'll show you these.    And this is a sensitive post. We got a lot of classified information that's going to be flowing through there. And we're showing the duct, you know. We just passed a law, an energy bill that doesn't allow for us to show how electricity flows and where, and, yet, we're out there taking pictures and posting them up and trying to promote, hey, look at how the construction is coming along.    And I think it is a security question. And I think we should--I just encourage you to go back and look at that, because I don't think it's in anybody's best interest to actually have the intimate details. From the street, afar, anybody, you know, their hotel, is taking a picture, I mean, you're right, not much we can do about that. But when we do it internally, I think that's somewhat of a problem.    The glass. I do question the whole blast wall and why we picked such an opulent-looking facade. What is the cost of taking this and shipping it? I believe it's constructed in Germany, right, goes to Connecticut, then it's got to go back over to Europe. What does that cost to do? Because now we're starting to see it blossomand going into other facilities, like Jakarta and other places.    So why this? And what is the actual cost of this?    Chairman Chaffetz. The cost of the glass, the production, the shipment, all of that, my understanding this is in the range of, you know, this alone is about $100 million dollars of the expense. So when is a reasonable time to get that information?    Chairman Chaffetz. Understood.    Chairman Chaffetz. Fair enough. Fair enough. Let's keep going because I want to----    Chairman Chaffetz. Fair enough. I want to get through this.    There's an issue with the VAT tax. I don't know where we're at in this process. I've read news reports. Locally they were going to charge us a VAT tax. State said no. Then we were on again. What is the status of the VAT tax obligation?    Chairman Chaffetz. Why can't you share that, at least the tax bill?    Chairman Chaffetz. Why is that? Is there some classified, something classified about this? Or is it just embarrassing?    Chairman Chaffetz. Okay. I'll trust you on that.    Chairman Chaffetz. There was a news report that you had spent a million dollars on some slabs, I don't know how to describe it other than slabs of cement that were supposed to adorn the embassy. It was a million-dollar expenditure. The artist's last name, I think, is Scully. But then it was discovered, at least according to one news report, that it was too heavy to move and certainly too heavy to be in the embassy. What is the latest on that fiasco?    Chairman Chaffetz. How much are we going to spend on art in this embassy?    Chairman Chaffetz. Was that a London city request or was that----    Chairman Chaffetz. Mr. Starr, have you had, and I'm talking broadly here, there been any data breaches of our information systems at the State Department in the last 12 months?    Chairman Chaffetz. How many?    Chairman Chaffetz. And was that different than the Office of Personnel Management?    Chairman Chaffetz. And how many people did it affect?    Chairman Chaffetz. Was there any classified information released?    Chairman Chaffetz. Within the structure, who's responsible for the security of those systems?    Chairman Chaffetz. Internally, what sort of operating systems are you using? Microsoft products?    Chairman Chaffetz. Like Windows what?    Chairman Chaffetz. Windows 97 or Windows----    Chairman Chaffetz. It's old, isn't it?    Chairman Chaffetz. Okay.    Mr. Cummings.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank you all. This is one of the, as I've said a couple times before, this is one of the things that makes this country so unique and so sought after, is we have heated discussions about things we care about in an open and transparent way.    We have people, the inspector general community, who dedicate their lives, and we appreciate them and their efforts. I want them to know how much we care about their work product and the time and effort that they take, sometimes gone for long periods of time, traveling around the world.    Those that serve in Diplomatic Security and the OBO office, I've had the pleasure of meeting these oftentimes very young people who are out there dedicating their lives. They are very patriotic people, they work hard, and serving their Nation, and they're proud of what they're doing. And that is the spirit in which we approach this as well, as I know the both of you do.    So we appreciate this hearing, look forward to the interaction.    And with that, the hearing stands adjourned.