    Mrs. Hartzler. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    As being part of the 15 percent that you reference, I appreciate your focus on rural communities in this country because I am a little partial, but it is the best place. And, as you say, I appreciate, Under Secretary, you saying that we feed the world, and that is so true. What you do is so important.    And I wanted to start with Mr. McBride there. We talked a lot about broadband. But we have a rural electric cooperative in my district who is just doing some amazing things putting in broadband, and has provided over 2,000 customers now with high-speed broadband that they wouldn't have had before. And I just wondered how widespread is the use of rural electric cooperatives to help fill this gap, and how can we promote it, as well as what are some of the barriers to being able to encourage them to reach out and provide this service?    Mrs. Hartzler. Are you providing several loans to rural electric cooperatives to pursue this?    Mrs. Hartzler. I was wondering, just in general, do you have maps in the United States showing places where people have access to broadband and not?    Mrs. Hartzler. I would like one for my district, or Missouri. I think that would be very helpful.    This is just a general question, Under Secretary Mensah. Since your agency deals a lot with loans, there has been a lot of change as to how loans are processed for private commercial banks since Dodd-Frank. And I visited with them ever since I have been elected to serve here and it is very, very, very onerous. Getting a housing loan used to take five pages. Now, on average, it is 50 pages that a homeowner has to go through. And I just wondered--and maybe this would be also a question for Administrator Hernandez--but after Dodd-Frank passed, have you seen any changes to the paperwork that you have to do to give a loan for housing?    Mrs. Hartzler. So what changes, though, have you seen to how loans are done before and after Dodd-Frank?    Mrs. Hartzler. Have you had to hire more people in order to comply?    Mrs. Hartzler. Very good. And I have only 30 seconds left.    Administrator McBride, a lot of my small communities are having trouble changing the way they treat their water, the water treatment systems, because of the changes from EPA. So what has EPA done that has caused this to happen?    Mrs. Hartzler. There are so many.    Mrs. Hartzler. Thank you. I yield back.    The Chairman. The gentlelady yields back.    Mr. Gibson, for 5 minutes.    Mrs. Hartzler. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Thank you, everyone.    I wanted to reference some of the other questions on catfish, Deputy Under Secretary, in that this species has been successfully inspected for years through the FDA, correct? There has been no major human health risk, isn't that right?    Mrs. Hartzler. Right. And are you aware that moving forward with this rule is jeopardizing the TPP as it relates to Vietnam and that they believe that it violates the WTO agreements and it opens up all the rest of the agricultural products in America to retaliation?    Mrs. Hartzler. Sure. How much money has the agency spent already on trying to implement this rule?    Mrs. Hartzler. Sure. I have heard already we have spent $20 million. And I don't know if that is the case or not, but we have invested already and it is not even set up. And we have another agency that we are spending hard-earned tax dollars on that is already doing it successfully.    Mrs. Hartzler. Sure. And it is going to cause a lot additional cost without necessarily a need there.    But anyway, I want to move on, but thank you for that.    Administrator Mitchell, I want to thank you for being so prompt in replying to a letter that I wrote to you about some concerns with the livestock marketing facilities in my district as relates to the auditing process.    And I was really thrilled and I know all of my livestock markets at home are very appreciative of getting the information back to them now in a timely manner after an audit so there is some closure. So I just wanted to thank you for that.    And just generally in reference, though, can you give me a little more background about the way that GIPSA strategically decides who to audit and when?    Mrs. Hartzler. Thank you. My time has expired.    The Chairman. The gentlelady's time has expired.    Mr. Rouzer, for 4 minutes.    Mrs. Hartzler. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, as a former nutrition teacher, I really appreciate the Dietary Guidelines that you all come out with and have for years. It started off as the basic four group. I am showing my age, basic four, and then we went to the food pyramid, and now MyPlate; and so I am interested, certainly, in seeing what you are going to come up with here pretty soon for us moving forward.    I was concerned, though, with when the advisory committee came out with their recommendations. I have a copy of that report here. I can hardly pick it up; it is so heavy because it is far larger than in the past. One of the main reasons for that is that it seems like, to me, it goes far beyond just your basic scientific nutrition recommendations of what should be in the diet, and it is still called Dietary Guidelines.    So as you know, I authored and headed up a letter that 70 of my colleagues signed on to expressing our concerns with some of these things that goes beyond such as including sustainability recommendations and physical activity behavior change, and food environment and environmental impact, and making recommendations on what we eat based on environmental impact and things rather than sound science and what really should go into our bodies as far as nutrition.    And so I am looking forward to meeting with Secretary Vilsack next month and visiting with him. I did appreciate his letter back saying that he believes as far as what you are going to come out with, it is going to stay and color within the lines. So I appreciate that. I appreciate your being responsive to our concerns.    But, Director Tagtow, I see that you are a dietitian, so you seem like a perfect person to help lead this effort. I was just wondering with these concerns, what steps will the USDA take during the selection process of the next Dietary Guidelines Advisory Committee member selection process to ensure that the next advisory committee will stick to their Congressional charter and focus solely on providing useful health and nutritional information to all Americans?    Mrs. Hartzler. As it relates to the law that you referenced which establishes the committee, do you see any need for ways that we could help in changing the law to help it make sure that the people on the advisory committee in the future give a report that is just strictly dealing with nutrition?    Mrs. Hartzler. Thank you very much.    The Chairman. The gentlelady's time has expired, and I now recognize the gentleman who I skipped twice rudely. I apologize to you. You can ask for 5 minutes if you want it.