    Mr. Schaeffer. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and members of the committee. Thank you for the opportunity to testify. I am Eric Schaeffer, director of the Environmental Integrity Project. We work with citizens who live and work around coal ash sites. And as certainty seems to be the theme for the hearing, I would like the speak to what certainty might mean to those good people, some of whom have been living with this problem for a very long time.    First, I really don't think the folks in these communities care whether you call it hazardous or whether you call it peanut butter. They want coal ash out of their groundwater. They don't want it in their lungs, and they would rather not have 39 million tons of it dumped in their river as Duke Energy did to the good people of North Carolina less than a year ago. We hear that those kinds of problems are things of the past; they aren't going to happen again. I will return to that, but, obviously, they did happen.    So really the question is whether EPA's rule or anything Congress does gives people most affected by coal ash pollution the kind of certainty they are looking for. I just want to point out that this issue has been bumped around for about 30 years. In that time, a lot of these disposal sites, which are nothing more than holes in the ground, have deteriorated. The cost of responding to spills and the resulting contamination from just six companies now exceeds $10 billion. That is based on Securities and Exchange Commission disclosures. That number is going to climb, whatever happens; 30 years of no regulation, a bill comes with that, and that bill is coming due.    Touching briefly on the rule, like everybody here, we like some parts, we don't like others, not too unusual for an EPA outcome. The siting and structural stability requirements could be helpful and could prevent the kind of catastrophic spills we have seen. Monitoring requirements are a good start, especially if the data is put online and you don't have to pay hundreds of dollars to obtain it, which you do in many States today.    I do have to say, though, it has some big loopholes. There is no cleanup standard for boron. That is one of the most pervasive pollutants, and it is found at levels far above health standards at many coal ash sites.    Also, it is important to understand nobody is going to get wind burn complying with the deadlines in EPA's rule, some of which stretch literally from here to eternity. This is not a fast-paced set of standards, and I encourage you to look at those deadlines.    Before moving forward, I would respectfully ask that you consider two things, two actions. First, I think you should invite Duke Energy to appear before this subcommittee to talk about the spill that happened less than a year ago because it is important to get an understanding of the problem before turning to a solution. You can then, with that information, decide whether EPA has addressed the problem.    Here is what Duke said in 2009: We are confident, based on our ongoing monitoring, maintenance, and inspections, that each of our ash basins has the structural integrity necessary to protect the environment.    So if you called in Duke Energy, you could ask them about Dan River--because the statement was made about Dan River--so what the heck happened? Is it going to happen again? Are you certain it is not going to happen again, and how are you certain?    North Carolina passed a law in the wake of that spill that requires shutdown of active ash impoundments at active plants in less than 4 years, a lot faster than EPA requires. Duke Energy supported that bill. You might ask them why they supported it and why those requirements wouldn't apply in a place like Indiana where Duke also has plants. That is certainty. They have to close by date certain. Couldn't be clearer.    I would also hope that you consider giving citizens who were affected by the coal ash pollution a chance to speak to you directly without interpreters, without lobbyists. I would gladly give my seat up so you could hear from them. I am sure Jim would do the same thing. You can hear from them directly about what it has been like and ask them what kind of certainty they are looking for.    I think you will hear they would the certainty that leaking dumps will be closed and cleaned up sometime in their lifetime. I think you will hear that many of them have been waiting a long time. I think they will want the certainty they won't get stuck with the bill for that cleanup. They would like the certainty that their ash pond is not going to collapse and fall on top of them and dump ash into the river. I think they would like the certainty they can bring their own legal action if the State doesn't do anything. I think you will hear that, but let them tell you directly.    I will just say, in closing, the citizens have worked on these issues for a long time. They really do deserve to be heard from. I hope you will give them that chance.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Schaeffer. I do. We have had similar experiences in Pennsylvania. To take an example, the citizens around the Little Blue Run impoundment felt like they couldn't get the time of day----    Mr. Schaeffer. They felt like they weren't getting a response from the State and response to their repeated complaints. We filed notice of intent on their behalf to bring a suit. The State turned around, decided the site presented an imminent and substantial endangerment, required its closure and required, we think, a pretty aggressive cleanup and the State did credit citizens for getting that resolved.    Mr. Schaeffer. We certainly did and would continue to do that. The siting restrictions in that legislation we don't think were comparable to the rule the EPA adopted.    Mr. Schaeffer. I could answer your question if I could get that----    Mr. Schaeffer. OK.    Mr. Schaeffer. Thank you.    Mr. Schaeffer. I very much appreciate that, Mr. Chairman. I will be quick.    It really is useful to compare what Pennsylvania said in its complaint in 2012 about the condition of that site to what they told EPA the condition of that site was during the rulemaking process. It is really kind of different. You will see very different statements. You will the State saying the sites leaked. You will see them saying that the company has--their practice has presented imminent and substantial danger to the environment. You don't see any of that coming through in the testimony to EPA.    The enforcement action the State took--and I just don't want this point to get lost--came after the citizens filed a notice of their intent to sue the company for those violations, not before. It came after. Now, Pennsylvania, if they would like to tell you they were going to do it anyway, I would be happy to hear that. That is great, but we didn't get that feeling.