    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Thank you so much, Mr. Chairman. Thank you to the ranking member.    Secretary Blinken, for over a month I have been trying to get a hold of you by phone to discuss the problem between Morocco and Ban Ki-moon. You've not had the courtesy to return my call.    But at a hearing 10 days ago, Secretary Anne Patterson promised to work with me and the members of our Middle East Subcommittee regarding the draft U.N. resolution that would renew the mandate of MINURSO.    It was obvious that this was going to be a problem for weeks and I would have appreciated a call back. As you know, the draft in its current form could very well jeopardize our relationship with Morocco and our important military and intelligence cooperation.    There's got to be a way that we can find a compromise here and we can do it without including the controversial provisions, including the one that will allow Ban Ki-moon yet another opportunity to insult Morocco and do further damage. So I strongly urge you to work with the Moroccans today and to fix it.    What can you tell us about the draft resolution and what progress have we made?    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Thank you, sir.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. That would be great. Thank you, sir.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. But when the Secretary General of the U.N., sir, makes such a provocative statement and accusation against Morocco it really pinned them against the wall.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. It sure is. We need more Morocco.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. And moving on. Thank you, sir.    At a hearing of the Middle East and North Africa Subcommittee, GAO testified that the State Department is not in compliance with the Iran, North Korea and Syria Nonproliferation Act, or INKSNA, a law that I authored several years ago.    INKSNA is an important nonproliferation tool. GAO told us that State's noncompliance has probably undermined the credibility of our sanctions.    We learned that State took almost 3 years to prepare one report and then implement sanctions and that your predecessor sat on the report for more than a year as it awaited approval.    So given that precedent, do you have an INKSNA report that you're sitting on and have you signed off on it and what's the status of that report, sir?    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Thank you so much. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Thank you so much. Thank you, Mr. Rohrabacher.    Mr. Sires of New Jersey.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Thank you, Mr. Connolly, and I will move to Mr. Chabot of Ohio.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Thank you, Mr. Chabot.    And now we'll turn to my good friend, Mr. Deutch of Florida.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Thank you, Mr. Deutch.    Mr. Poe of Texas.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Thank you, Mr. Poe.    Mr. Cicilline of Rhode Island.