    Mr. Chaffetz. Thank you. I thank you for being the chairwoman of this committee. We reconfigured this to give some focus not only between the Department of Interior but also the Forest Service, the Department of Energy and the EPA so that we, as the oversight committee, can look at the far reaching breadth rather than just have it siloed in one committee or another.    I appreciate all the members who will participate on these panels and in all these discussions.    I too am from the intermountain west. We are proud neighbors of Wyoming. Where we produce a lot of this energy. We have an abundance of coal, natural gas and oil shale. Yet every time I turn around, there seems to be some reason, some other implication that is put out there by the EPA.    We love the west; we love our mountains, our air, our water and our streams. I do think there is a role to create some bounds and rules of the road, but I do worry about how severe the EPA is in its approach.    It wasn t too long ago in this very room we found out that the person heading up Air and Water Quality, one of the most senior people at the EPA, we had a hearing, he had not shown up for work in years. He was convicted of fraud and is in jail. He had to pay hundreds of thousands of dollars in restitution to the government because he was telling his senior leadership that he was a CIA agent and that he was overseas in Afghanistan.    It begs the question, if he was so fraudulent that he actually went to jail, what about all the regulations that came into place for air and water quality during that time. It does beg the question.    We have had the Inspector General here talking about the problems they have with sexual harassment in the senior-most offices. We have had people here talking about the fact that they cannot seem to fire anyone and move them out the door.    Time and time again, the EPA has routinely been here talking about all these problems with mismanagement and waste. Yet, they want to go into our States and start telling people how to conduct their business.    Again, we need clean coal and good energy. I buy that. Let us also understand that there are very real impacts upon economies, jobs and peoples livelihoods. Their job role and responsibility is not to just shutdown everyone.    I really appreciate the panel who I think can give us a much broader scope and understanding of all the ramifications that come into place when you have the EPA come in. I appreciate the Attorney Generals who have taken time out of their busy schedule to give us their perspective from across the United States.    I look forward to some robust discussions today. I have great optimism for this panel and this subcommittee moving forward.    With that, I yield back.