    Mr. Kobach. Thank you, Mr. Chairman and members of the committee. I come to you chiefly in my capacity as Kansas's Secretary of State, but also in my private capacity I am the lead attorney representing 10 ICE agents who sued the Secretary of Homeland Security in the case of Crane vs. Napolitano, now Crane vs. Johnson. The District Court in Texas ruled that the President's first executive amnesty violates Federal law at 8 U.S.C. 1225(b)(2)(A) by ordering ICE agents to refrain from placing into removal proceedings aliens who are required to be placed into removal proceedings by Federal law.    I mention this because it is problematic for so many legal reasons what this executive amnesty has done. But let's talk a little bit about the voter fraud that we have observed empirically in the State of Kansas.    At the outset, it is important to note that four States, Kansas, Arizona, Georgia, and Alabama, require proof of citizenship, documentary proof of citizenship when the person registers. In the other 46 States they are exceedingly vulnerable to what this executive amnesty has done, but even in those four States, because of the recent decision of the Election Assistance Commission, a board that is not supposed to have any policymaking authority, people can use the Federal form to circumvent our proof of citizenship requirement in those four States.    I want to give you a few examples of aliens being registered and voting illegally in the State of Kansas. The most notorious case was in Seward County, in southwest Kansas, in 1997. There was a county issue on the ballot whether or not to prohibit a certain kind of hog farming operation. Across the border, in Guymon, Oklahoma, there was a processing plant where they hoped to render the hogs that were raised in Kansas.    Shortly before election day, according to the testimony of the county clerk of Seward County, an envelope arrived with about 50 registration cards from employees at the hog processing plant in Oklahoma giving, in many cases, fictitious addresses in Kansas and asking to be registered in Kansas. She knew, based on her own personal knowledge of some of the individuals and in subsequent observations, that many, if not, most of these were not U.S. citizens, and also based on her knowledge of the composition of the plant employee base. But she was powerless at that time to do anything about it.    They were registered and on election day many van load after many van load of employees at the Guymon plant in Oklahoma came north and voted in Kansas to try to steal that election. Fortunately, it was a very high election turnout; it was a very contentious issue. Fifty-one percent turned out and the illegal votes did not prevail and sway and overcome the votes of the U.S. citizens.    I want to give you another example. In August 2010, across the river from where I live, I am in Kansas City, Kansas, in North Kansas City, Missouri, this one has been widely reported in the press, August primary in a district for a State representative seat between Rizzo and Royster. According to the sworn testimony of poll workers, and I have attached one of those to my written testimony, they observed approximately 50 Somali nationals who were brought in by a coach and the ballot was translated for those individuals. They were instructed to vote for Mr. Rizzo and in that case Mr. Rizzo won the election by one vote. Successful use of aliens to steal an election.    Again, it occurs typically in smaller elections, not so much in mass, nationwide elections.    I give you another example in my testimony of 20 aliens in Kansas. Now, it was mentioned in some of the opening remarks that, well, that 20 is not very much. Well, those 20 are the ones where we know the exact name of the alien and we presented those to Federal District Court in a separate litigation. We know of many others, including the 50 in Seward County, but we don't have the exact names.    And this illustrates a problem. Once the alien gets on the voter rolls, there is no magical way you can say that must be an alien or that must be an alien. You cannot identify them once they are on, except for very limited ways, such as using your driver's license data base to cross-match in those limited cases where the driver's license indicates that it is an alien and not a citizen. So this is an irreversible consequence. Once these individuals get on the voter rolls, you are not going to get them off except in very, very rare circumstances.    Now, I want to talk a little bit about how the President's directive actually exacerbates the problem. In many States these aliens will get a driver's license once they have an employment authorization document. Some States, like Wisconsin, State law requires it to be issued. In all of the 10 States of the Ninth Circuit now, they will have to give these individuals driver's licenses. That comes out of a decision that the Ninth Circuit rendered last year. So that does change things.    Five point eight million illegal aliens who previously did not have a driver's license now have the ability to get one, and they certainly have the ability to get a Social Security number, which will in turn allow them to register to vote. If these aliens in Kansas, or in Arizona, Alabama, Georgia, even our States where you have proof of citizenship, if they use the Federal form, they can register to vote.    This is a problem. These consequences are irreversible. And we are trying to fight this in the courts, but the courts are taking a long time to hear these issues, even though they have, to date, agreed with our position that it is illegal and it is a problem. The consequences are not imaginary, the numbers are real, and we need your help in dealing with it.    Mr. Kobach. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. It is perhaps an unintended consequence of what the President has done through these executive actions, because you are now giving approximately 5.8 million people, once they get their deferred action, a Social Security number and they, in turn, can get that driver's license.    I want to point something out. Of the aliens that we have specifically identified in Kansas on the voter rolls, the ones that were presented to the Federal District Court, approximately half of those aliens registered at the DMV; and this was before we had our proof of citizenship requirement in place. So when you get that driver's license, at all too many DMVs across the Country, the clerk who has been handing out licenses all day long and has done several hundred within just the morning alone, will oftentimes, out of rote habit, say, and would you like to register to vote at the end of the process.    So aliens are often given the opportunity to register to vote by someone they see as a government agent. And they sometimes use that as an excuse when they eventually are found, and sometimes in cases in the previous administration, when people were deported for falsely asserting U.S. citizenship, which is a felony under Federal law, they would sometimes say, but I thought I could register to vote because this lady who works for the government asked me if I would like to register to vote.    So quite often the government agent on behalf of the county unwittingly invites the alien to register; the alien unwittingly assumes that he is able to register. So in many cases it is going to be completely accidental, but it will happen. It is a guaranty that it will happen, because when they go to the DMV they will almost certainly be asked that question.    Mr. Kobach. That would be helpful. I do think it would also be helpful for the Congress to clarify that the Election Assistance Commission is a service agency, not a policymaking agency, and that it should not have the authority, which it has illegally exercised, at least according to the district court, but that case is still pending, its authority to tell States, no, we don't think you need proof of citizenship, which is essentially what that agency did. In fact, I shouldn't say that, it wasn't the Commission, it was a temporary executive director of the Commission that rendered that opinion. So that would also be helpful.    Mr. Kobach. I am not aware.    Mr. Kobach. I know of examples in the prior Administration. I cannot think of anyone of an alien voting in this Administration where charges have been brought against that alien for voting.    Mr. von Spakovsky. I have to agree with Secretary Kobach. I know of instances, during the prior Administration, where individuals were not only prosecuted by the Justice Department, but this was considered in their citizenship applications. But as I pointed out, I am not aware of that being done in this Administration, and I know from personal knowledge that of the almost 300 individuals that Fairfax County sent over to the Justice Department notifying them that these were not U.S. citizens, that they had registered and that almost half of them had voted. That fell into a black hole at the Justice Department.    They did nothing to investigate or prosecute those cases, and I don't believe that any of those non-citizens had any of the penalties brought up against them that could have allowed their removal from the Country. In fact, I cite in my written testimony a letter published by a county election official in Tennessee that she got from a non-citizen. He had gotten this from DHS and it was a letter--this person was applying for citizenship and this was a letter telling him that he needed to be sure that he was taken off the local voter registration list.    So they clearly weren't going to punish him or in any way delay his citizenship; they just told them, well, to go forward with your citizenship application, you need to be sure you are off the list.    Mr. Kobach. I would say that those States that are fully complying with the Real ID Act of 2005, they are least trying to ascertain whether or not the person is a citizen who is a U.S. citizen or is an alien here lawfully present. But it is at the later stage of the process where they ask that final question, and would you like to register to vote. Even in fully compliant Real ID States they are not going back and checking, hey, wait a minute, I have to check your citizenship.    Mr. Kobach. We have asked DHS for a lot of information and it has not been forthcoming from DHS. And the one program they do make available, SAVE, which was created in the 1990's for State governments to use, they make that virtually impossible to use; they say, well, we won't let you check those names unless you can give us an independent number associated with that alien. Virtually impossible for the State to do.    Mr. Kobach. Absolutely. And I would add that every time an alien votes, even if it doesn't succeed in stealing the election, it effectively cancels out the vote of a U.S. citizen and effectively disenfranchises that U.S. citizen.    Mr. von Spakovsky. And I have to agree wholeheartedly with that.    Mr. Kobach. Absolutely it is our responsibility do that, and I would note, partially in response to what Mr. Lynch said in his opening remarks, the fact that you attest to your U.S. citizenship on a voter registration card is not enough; it is clearly not enough from the many hundreds of cases, collectively, who have shown where people have signed the voter registration card, have checked the box, yes, I am a U.S. citizen. In many cases they probably didn't even know what they were checking because we subsequently learned that many of these aliens on our rolls don't read English or know English particularly well. So they may have been manipulated into signing that card.    But the bottom line is simply checking a box is not enough. That is why we in Kansas, and likewise in Georgia, moved to a proof of citizenship system. More States need to move in that direction and we need the Federal Government, especially the EAC, to get out of our way so that we can ensure that our voter rolls are clean.    Mr. Kobach. They were non-citizens of the United States of America based on the county clerk of Seward County. Most of the employees at the hog processing plant in Oklahoma were non-citizens, both legal and illegal, it is believed. But some of the Seward County personnel recognized some of those applicants as being non-citizens based on personal knowledge and then based on the general perspective----    Mr. Kobach. Of the United States.    Mr. Kobach. As I just mentioned, there was some personal knowledge involving specific individuals, and then the county clerk also made a general assessment based on the fact that most of the employees at the plant were non-citizens.    Mr. Kobach. I agree with Secretary Husted. Absolutely no voter fraud is OK. And even if the instances are relatively small in a particular election, like we saw in the 2010 election in North Kansas City, Missouri, it can steal an election. There are so many close elections. So it is a red herring to keep reciting a very small percentage. If we didn't have that close elections in America, then that would be a legitimate argument. But we do.    Mr. Kobach. Prior to our adoption of laws with proof of citizenship and photo ID, the vast majority of voter fraud went undetected. And one other point. The numbers we have given you, 291 cases in Ohio, I mentioned in my testimony approximately 200 cases in Arizona, 20 cases in Kansas over a 3-year period; those are just driver's license data base checks. That is only the small subset of aliens who happened to have applied for a driver's license. The rest of the alien population you cannot detect on the voter roll using that method.    Mr. Kobach. Our participation rate was 51 percent. And I would note that that increased from 50 percent in our previous non-Presidential election----    Mr. Kobach. And we put photo ID in place is my point. And the number went up.    Mr. Kobach. Just thought you might want to know.    Mr. Kobach. In Kansas we have photo ID and proof of citizenship.    Mr. Kobach. Let me tell you a story about a specific individual.    Mr. Kobach. It is directly in answer to your question. These individuals may vote for some of the same reasons that you are suggesting. A woman in Wichita, an alien, voted----    Mr. Kobach. She voted multiple times. She was a green card holder with an application for U.S. citizenship----    Mr. Kobach. I am trying to answer your question. The answer is she wanted her U.S. citizenship application and she said, when asked, she voted as a green card holder because she thought it would increase the changes of her becoming and accepted as a U.S. citizenship. So it was an error.    Mr. Kobach. So many are motivated to vote.    Mr. Kobach. Some, like her, are in error, and they think voting will help them. Others are manipulated, like those in Seward County, Kansas, in my written testimony, but evidently you haven't looked at it.    Mr. Kobach. I doubt that the participation rate would exceed 61 percent.    Mr. Kobach. The GAO report was before the 2014 election. We now have empirical evidence that the voter participation went up after we put photo ID in.    Mr. Kobach. No, I don't agree with that.    Mr. Kobach. Not a single one. We have been unable to find a single person----    Mr. Kobach. Every person can get a free non-photo ID----    Mr. Kobach. Not a single U.S. citizen or other legitimate voter, I assume you are talking about someone who didn't bring their driver's license with them.    Mr. Kobach. Not a single legitimate voter has been denied the right to vote in Kansas, and we have many cases----    Mr. Kobach. That is accurate. The percentage went up and the raw number of voters who voted in 2014 set an all-time State record, and that, again, was after we implemented a photo ID requirement.