    Mrs. Hartzler. Welcome. I am delighted to gavel in this first hearing and briefing of the Oversight and Investigations Subcommittee. Today's event is entitled ``Update on Detainee Transfers from Guantanamo.''    Before we proceed with the hearing, I would like to emphasize how honored I am to serve as Oversight and Investigations Subcommittee chairwoman in this Congress.    This subcommittee undertakes important work for the Committee on Armed Services. It strives to ensure that the policies and programs of the Department of Defense are properly formulated and implemented in the most efficient manner. Previous Congresses have recognized the critical role of standalone oversight and investigations. In fact, it is essential I recognize a former HASC chairman and my predecessor, the late Ike Skelton, who insisted on establishing this subcommittee when he became chairman of the Armed Services Committee during the 110th Congress.    I am also pleased to acknowledge that Chairman Joe Heck, who preceded me in this position last year, returns to the subcommittee as a sitting member; and I look forward to his continued involvement and insights.    And I also look forward to working with Ranking Member Speier as well as Chairman Thornberry, Ranking Member Smith, and all members of the subcommittee in the 114th Congress.    So before continuing with my opening remarks for the hearing, I would like to recognize my colleague and ranking member of the subcommittee, Ms. Jackie Speier, for any welcoming remarks that she may wish to offer.    Mrs. Hartzler. Thank you.    So as we turn to the subject matter at hand, I would like to state up front that we will not tolerate any disturbances of these proceedings, including verbal disruptions, standing, or holding of signs. I appreciate your cooperation in this matter.    So, this afternoon we have two senior officials appointed by the Obama administration charged with the responsibility to oversee the closure of Guantanamo Bay detention facility. Our witnesses will provide testimony on their roles and the interagency process for transferring detainees from the detention facility to other countries. We will then adjourn to a classified setting, where we will be joined by an official from the Defense Intelligence Agency , in addition to our two witnesses, who will elaborate further on the interagency transfer process.    In light of the statements we are about to receive from the witnesses and the type of details which are primarily classified, I ask unanimous consent that members hold all questions for the witnesses until the classified briefing.    Hearing no objection, so ordered.    According to information from Joint Task Force Guantanamo, the military organization that operates the detention facility, their responsibility is to detain unprivileged enemy belligerents. The Joint Task Force material explains that the detention of unprivileged enemy belligerents in wartime is, ``a matter of security and military necessity, and has long been recognized as legitimate under international law.''    The Joint Task Force further notes that detainees provide the United States with important intelligence that helps prevent future attacks. General James Mattis, a retired commander of U.S. Central Command, echoed this in testimony on January 27 to the Senate Armed Services Committee. He called for consistency in our detention policy, and argued for the need to hold belligerents until the end of the fighting so they cannot harm others.    Despite the dedication of the men and women who created and operate GTMO today, any real or imagined misstep or procedural lapse from a decade ago has been sensationalized by our terrorist enemies. We must not allow them to succeed in inventing a narrative about GTMO and using this narrative to lead to GTMO's abolition.    Let me be clear, terrorists bombed the USS Cole before the detention center at Guantanamo existed. Terrorists hijacked three airplanes and wrought havoc in the United States on September 11, 2001, before GTMO was created.    The Taliban established their brutal regime in Afghanistan before GTMO was built. Indeed, it was because of the death and destruction caused by these terrorists that GTMO came into being. The crazed fanatics who comprise the Islamic State do not exist because of GTMO. Certainly it is not true that if the facility ceased to exist these brutal murderers would renounce their violent ideology.    It is wrong to suggest that because the Islamic State dresses their victims in orange jumpsuits the United States bears even an incidental responsibility for the Islamic State's barbaric actions. It is also wrong to use this as a justification to shutter GTMO. Indeed, recent events should suggest greater, not lesser, caution in moving detainees out of     Yet, based on information provided by the Department of Defense, 33 detainees have been transferred from Guantanamo in the past 11 months, including 15 transfers just this past December alone. What is also shocking is that of the 33 transferred in the past 11 months, 7 of these detainees were among 48 recommended for continued detention by the Obama administration. Five of those seven detainees were the senior-most Taliban leaders sent to Qatar in May 2014.    Recent news reports have suggested that the intelligence community believes one of these individuals may have returned to the fight. In our classified session we are going to receive a briefing on the Taliban Five and learn what the United States Government currently assesses about them.    Two other detainees recommended for continued detention by the administration were transferred to Kuwait and Saudi Arabia in recent months. I expect to learn more about the process that resulted in the transfer of the seven GTMO detainees that the President's own advisers recommended remain behind bars. Because the administration has often ignored recommendations yielded internally from the system it established, it seems hypocritical to malign legislation that seeks to improve and make more sound the transfer, recommendation process.    Furthermore, of those 15 detainees transferred in December, 4 were sent to Afghanistan, where of course a war still rages and U.S. forces are deployed, despite the administration's claim that combat operations have ceased.    Six other detainees were sent to Uruguay, where according to press reports, the Uruguayan defense minister described them as ``totally free men who will not be restricted in any way.'' I look forward to today to learning if there is any basis for these reports, which if true, are deeply disturbing.    The remaining 26 of the 33 detainees transferred over the past 11 months were deemed to be transferrable by the Presidential task force. But the task force noted nonetheless that a decision to approve a detainee for transfer does not equate to a judgment that the government lacked authority to hold the detainee. Even with the stated authority, the detainees were sent out of GTMO.    I am also eager to learn about the transfer arrangements for the detainees that fell into this category. This subcommittee, like the full Committee on Armed Services, will continue to vigorously oversee these and related issues.    I look forward to the opportunity to mark up the legislation sponsored by Representative Walorski and cosponsored by Representative Scott.    I now turn to the ranking member for her opening remarks for today's hearing.    Mrs. Hartzler. Hearing no objection, so ordered.    Mrs. Hartzler. Sure. Thank you.    We are honored to have with us the full committee chairman. So welcome, Chairman Thornberry.    And do you have any opening remarks that you would like to make?    The Chairman. Thank you, Madam Chair.    I just say I appreciate you and the ranking member having this hearing. I completely agree with the statement that rigorous oversight is a key component of what Congress and this committee needs to do and I would add fair--rigorous and fair oversight needs to be a part of what we--a big part. And I think this subcommittee is going to have its plate full.    On the subject of today's hearing, I just say I recognize there are differences of opinion about Guantanamo. I would caution members not to fall too easily for the propaganda of the terrorist organizations. I believe they will look for an excuse to justify their behavior, whether it is Guantanamo, whether it is the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, or anything else that they can get some traction on.    While there are differences on Guantanamo, I hope there are no differences on the point that we do not want to see additional prisoners released who return to the battlefield to threaten Americans here or abroad. And I note I saw a press article just this morning that a gentleman who was released from Guantanamo back in 2007 or so was recently killed in I believe Afghanistan as a key facilitator for ISIS , even in Afghanistan.    So while we have differences that relate to these issues, I hope that we can ensure that there are no further releases that pose dangers to us and our troops.    And with that, I thank you and yield back.    Mrs. Hartzler. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Also joining us today is the ranking member of the full committee, Ranking Member Smith. Do you have any comments you would like to make?    Mrs. Hartzler. Thank you very much, Mr. Smith.    So I would now like to introduce our hearing witnesses, Paul Lewis was appointed in December 2013 by Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel to be the Department of Defense special envoy for closing the detention facility at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. Special Envoy Lewis received his undergraduate degree in history from the University of Notre Dame. After graduation from Notre Dame Law School, he served in a variety of positions, including as a judge advocate in the United States Marine Corps.    Before assuming his current responsibilities, Mr. Lewis held other positions in the Department of Defense and in the House of Representatives. And most significantly, prior to assuming his current position he served in general counsel role for this committee. His responsibilities included in particular the activities of this subcommittee.    Mr. Lewis, welcome back to the Armed Services Committee.    Charles Trumbull is the acting special envoy for Guantanamo closure at the Department of State, after having served as the deputy special envoy since 2013. His prior assignments include working in the office of the legal advisor at the Department of State, where he focused on both international humanitarian law and international human rights law. Mr. Trumbull received his undergraduate degree from Dartmouth College and his law degree from Vanderbilt law school.    So welcome Mr. Trumbull.    So, we will now turn to Mr. Lewis for your opening statement.    Mrs. Hartzler. Thank you.    Now we will hear opening remarks from Mr. Trumbull.