    Mr. Meglathery. Chairman Wenstrup, Ranking Member Takano, and other distinguished members of the subcommittee, thank you for giving VetsFirst the opportunity to testify regarding the effectiveness of VA's Vocational Rehabilitation and Employment Program.    VetsFirst has represented our disabled veterans, their families, and their caretakers since 1946. We advocate for the program services and disability rights that help all generations of veterans with disabilities remain independent and fulfill their desire to reintegrate into society. Today, as part of the United Spinal Association, we are not only a VA-recognized national veterans service organization, but we are a leader in advocacy for all people with disabilities.    The opportunity to participate in the workforce is critical, not only financially, but also because returning to work is a way to adjust to the normality of life in a veteran's post-military years. Without the opportunity to work, many veterans with disabilities may become disconnected from the very society for which they sacrificed their time and their health.    VetsFirst is concerned that the VR&E program still lacks the resources needed to best assist all disabled veterans in returning to employment. Additionally, we are concerned about VR&E's difficulty in helping veterans overcome certain disabilities that contribute to their inability to succeed in a vocational rehabilitation program. Veterans who are living with mental health conditions have poorer VR&E outcomes than those with other disabilities. Veterans with more serious disabilities may also routinely require a higher level of employment support both pre- and post-placement than is typically provided by VR&E.    VetsFirst would like to take this opportunity to highlight two issues of concern. Under the current requirements, to be eligible for benefits, it must be 12 years or fewer since the vet's date of separation from active military service or when VA notified them of their qualified service-connected disability, whichever date is later.    Congress should do away with the 12-year requirement. The injury, either physical or mental, will be with the veteran for their lifetime. While a mental or emotional injury may not immediately affect the vet, it may acutely manifest itself in the individual at any time in the future.    On a personal note, being a combat-wounded veteran, it is my experience that it is often difficult to come to terms with one's emotions after the trauma of war. While prior to fighting in Iraq, I had a quick temper, I think it likely my lack of patience and temper were exacerbated by the stresses of war. It took me a long time and a lot of reflection to come to that conclusion. That is why I think it necessary to reevaluate the section of vocational rehabilitation that limits the time period to 12 years of eligibility.    I am only one veteran, and I have anecdotal experience that leads me to believe that I am not alone in having had to mature a little and begin to reflect before I was able to come to terms with the effect of war. I believe the long-term effects of PTS are strong validation of why 12-year eligibility must be extended.    There have been great efforts by VA and DoD to remove the stigma for servicemembers asking for help. However, it is only recently that that stigma has started to be chipped away at. For someone that had shown signs of PTS early in the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan, it is already too late for them to use VR&E under the 12-year eligibility rule. While a servicemember asking for help now may arguably not feel stigmatized, I would likely say that they would have as recently as a decade or even 5 years ago.    I would also like to discuss the caseload and the staffing. While there has been a reduction in the caseload--well, VetsFirst believes the caseloads in the current state are still too high and VA resources are not sufficient to provide timely results. Not all injuries are created equally, and those afflicted with spinal cord injuries or traumatic brain injury are likely to require more individual time and attention.    We believe that in order to more effectively manage VR&E, there are several options that should be exercised. Congress must appropriate the proper funding level to support VR&E and must also support efforts to hire sufficient staff. However, the answer to reducing the counselor-to-veteran ratio is not strictly a matter of increasing the budget and staff levels.    The goal of VR&E is employment. Therefore, it is important that the VR&E program exercise a holistic approach to getting veterans back to work. For veterans who require more support in services, VA should consider partnering with a variety of non-profit organizations that provide intensive services needed to assist veterans living with significant disabilities, including mental health conditions, and returning to and remaining in the workforce. Additionally, VR&E needs to enhance its relationship with State and local government and industry writ large. Proper funding and reduction of caseload and building partnerships with other public and private sector entities is crucial for the success of both VR&E and the veteran.    VA must also track veterans' employment in the long-term. VetsFirst believes that a veteran would greatly benefit if their employment were monitored for at least a year. By establishing a longer-term relationship with a counselor periodically following up, the VA will be able to track the effectiveness of the program and hold employers accountable to their commitment to support VR&E.    VetsFirst would like to express its thanks for the opportunity to testify concerning its views on VA's VR&E program. We appreciate your leadership on behalf of our Nation's veterans who are living with disabilities. I will be happy to answer any questions.    Mr. Meglathery. We could also look that information up for you, but we are not tracking that. But I would like to agree with Mr. Varela on the point if they are seeking help with VR&E, then it means that they really do need that help, because I think for many veterans, they are not even aware necessarily of those benefits. They know GI Bill benefits and they know healthcare benefits in general.    Mr. Meglathery. I would just like to add that the Wounded Warrior regimen that the Marine Corps has does a very good job of following up on a veteran just to say--just to find out how they are doing, you know, after their injury. And they call me pretty frequently, maybe once a year, but it might be more frequently than that, but I think it is--the IT solutions in order to keep track of that, useful definitely, but the fact that there is somebody calling you to talk to you to find out what is going on, I think, is pretty meaningful. And it doesn't necessarily have to be the counselor if you are just trying to track. Then depending on what the outcome of that phone call is, then you can push it onto a counselor or not.    Mr. Meglathery. Pretend its MC.    Mr. Meglathery. It was I who said that, yes. Well, I got off active duty in 2007, so I certainly knew about the GI Bill benefits and the health benefits, and I remember in my TAPs classes they brought some VA representatives, but I don't believe that they even mentioned VR&E. And I might be wrong, but it certainly didn't strike me as something that I was aware of. I didn't find out about it until a couple years ago.    So it might be--part of why VR&E is not known so well maybe is the fact that GI Bill has been so successful, but I think also, although it is very much focused on the employment aspect of it, there is the educational component to it, and so I think there is probably a way that you can tie those in together as a package for the veteran so that they are aware of all those issues, so it is not just education, it is employment.    Mr. Meglathery. That is correct. And I think they are probably--there are cases too where they might be able to use VR&E benefits where they would instead use the GI Bill because they are aware of the GI Bill benefits, but they are not aware of VR&E.    Mr. Meglathery. I think they have done a much better job in recent years of trying to tell the veteran that they need to--before they get off active duty, that they really need to go to the VA to get their rating prior to--like I said, prior to getting off active duty.    So the information I just gave is a little bit dated, so I can get you information for the record in terms of how that is working out now with the notification of VR&E. I am still in the Reserves, so I still am tapped into the Marine Corps.    Mr. Meglathery. Well, I was going to say, I think Ms. Ansley actually had kind of pointed that out well when we were talking about manpower shortages, where if you are in an isolated area, maybe, you know, getting other businesses interested in employing veterans, et cetera, so having the local community working with the VA in the area, especially where there is fewer--where there is a lack of presence.    Mr. Meglathery. There are guidelines and there are benefits, and I could get back to you on that.    Do you have any more detail?    Mr. Meglathery. And I think that is a great point about how the veteran sees just--they see VA, they don't see VHA, they don't see VBA, and so I think there is maybe, when they are--certainly when they are getting off active duty, at least, points of contact, a specific point of contact so they can go to that person individually and that they can provide them the information that they need on all sides of that, because they don't see VBA, VHA.    Mr. Meglathery. Yeah. I believe I have seen that number, the 60 percent.    Mr. Meglathery. That would be 60 days, sir.    Mr. Meglathery. Well, I think, based on the fact that it is harder to maintain a job if you have some sort of--if you have post-traumatic stress, it might limit you from the ability to--I mean, those kind of injuries kind of run the gamut, whether you can leave your house, whether you can work regular hours, whether you can sleep at night to traumatic brain injury, where maybe certain cognitive functions you have had in the past, you no longer have, but maybe you can do manually. So it might take longer to train to those as opposed to someone that maybe lost use of a limb, for instance, but they are able to do most anything else that they could have intellectually or even physically in some sense.    Mr. Meglathery. Well, I think in one instance, it is a matter of time. So when we say that the ratio, 1 to 125, if everybody's on an equal playing field, maybe that is the case, whereas it might take longer for somebody with some sort of issue, TBI, PTS, or something like that. It might take that individual longer. So it is based on the individual.