    Mr. Butterfield. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman. Thank you for holding this important hearing today.    Thank you to the witnesses for your attendance. Mr. Chairman, several weeks ago, we all celebrated the 50th anniversary of Medicaid. It was a great day. The benefits of Medicaid cannot be overstated. More than 72 million Americans rely on this program. Seventy-five percent of children who live in poverty in this country depend on Medicaid. Greater than 10 million school-aged children who live in poverty depend on Medicaid.    I represent, Mr. Chairman, one of the poorest congressional districts in the country. More than one out of every four people in North Carolina's first congressional district lives in poverty. One out of three of our children live in poverty. Medicaid is absolutely critical to my constituents. It is especially important to children in eastern North Carolina. As I child, I graduated from high school in 1965, the year of the enactment of Medicaid. And I recall, as a child, as a high school student, none of my classmates ever, ever, ever received any type of medical treatment or dental treatment because they couldn't afford it because 90 percent of our school students lived in poverty.    Democrats on this committee have done our part to strengthen Medicaid. I want all Americans to understand and appreciate the importance of Medicaid. The Affordable Care Act, which was drafted by this committee, it actually strengthened Medicaid. I remember the debate so well. It strengthened Medicaid's integrity by requiring regular risk-based grading of providers and suppliers. The ACA increased termination authority to ensure that malicious actors cannot participate in the program. And so it is abundantly clear that the ACA improved the integrity of the Medicaid Program across the board.    So I am interested in hearing more today about how to ensure that the ACA termination requirements are upheld. We want to uphold those in each and every state. I am also interested in protection Medicaid beneficiaries from potentially harmful changes to eligibility.    Mr. Hagg, Director Hagg, thank you. The integrity of the Medicaid Program is critical to ensure that beneficiaries are not taken advantage of. It is important that the Federal Government and our States work together to ensure Medicaid beneficiaries have access to care, reliable care. Can you describe, sir, whether the ACA strengthened the law to prevent providers terminated for cause from operating in other states?    Mr. Butterfield. Has the ACA had a positive impact as of this date in reducing the number of terminated providers from operating in other states?    Mr. Butterfield. If you know, will the draft legislation that I am working on in conjunction with Mr. Bucshon address the recommendations made by OIG to further eliminate the participation of terminated providers?    Mr. Butterfield. All right.    Finally, Commissioner Riley, you mentioned in your testimony that Federal rules are already in place to prevent providers terminated in one state from operating in others. Are those Federal rules as a result of the ACA law that we have been talking about?    Mr. Butterfield. Would you agree that the ACA has strengthened the Medicaid Program's integrity?    Mr. Butterfield. Thank you. Thank all three of you.    I yield back.