    Mr. Bridenstine. Just out of curiosity, they called votes; is that correct?    Mr. Bridenstine. Okay.    Mr. Bridenstine. Okay.    Mr. Bridenstine. I will try to be brief. For Dr. LaPlante, did Congress authorize an appropriate funding for the C-130 Avionics Modernization Program in fiscal year 2012?    Mr. Bridenstine. And were those funds obligated in fiscal year 2012?    Mr. Bridenstine. They were not.    Mr. Bridenstine. They were not.    Mr. Bridenstine. Okay. So in fiscal year 2013, as you mentioned, it was authorized and appropriated by Congress, and those funds were not obligated----    Mr. Bridenstine . In 2013.    Mr. Bridenstine. Or 2014.    Mr. Bridenstine. Where it was authorized and appropriated but not obligated in 2014.    Mr. Bridenstine. And in 2015, is it authorized and appropriated for 2015?    Mr. Bridenstine. The answer is yes. The question is----    Mr. Bridenstine . Do you intend to obligate those funds this year?    Mr. Bridenstine. To the AMP program?    Mr. Bridenstine. So did you read section 134 of the fiscal year 2015 NDAA ?    Mr. Bridenstine. Did you read the report language as well?    Mr. Bridenstine. The report language says, ``We are specifically directing the Secretary of the Air Force not to transfer or repurpose funds authorized and appropriated for the AMP program to execute such additional modernizations unless the modifications are included as a part of the AMP program of record.'' Are you going to authorize the funds as part of the--are you going to obligate the funds as part of the AMP program of record?    Mr. Bridenstine. No, but the AMP program of record is what--that is specifically the report language in the NDAA from fiscal year 2015.    Mr. Bridenstine. Okay. Well, Congress is clear. The Air Force can do ADS-B Out, as you indicated.    Mr. Bridenstine. But it cannot take the money from AMP. That has to be within the AMP program. The Air Force can do CNS/ATM or other program----    Mr. Bridenstine . In CNS/ATM, but it has to be part of the AMP program of record. Are you aware of the limitation placed on the Secretary of the Air Force's budget in section 134?    Mr. Bridenstine. As part of the AMP program of record?    Mr. Bridenstine. Okay. So it needs to be part of the AMP program of record by law.    Mr. Bridenstine. So you are familiar with this. I just read--it was the fiscal year 2015 President's budget request, C-130, CNS/ATM program. It looks like you guys have changed the name of it to the VAAP program, Increment 1; is that correct? Are you familiar with this, the VAAP program, Increment 1?    General Holmes. Yes, sir.    Mr. Bridenstine. Is that what you intended? Did you change the name or are you changing the program and how is this working? Because the law is pretty clear.    General Holmes. Sir, our lawyers believe that when certified by the Secretary of Defense, and the Secretary of Defense delegated that to Mr. Kendall, that when Mr. Kendall says it is necessary for us to spend money from those accounts that were previously obligated----    Mr. Bridenstine. A couple of things. I get that. I understand in 134 there is that out, but also in section 134, it fences 15 percent of the Secretary of the Air Force's money until the Air Force obligates fiscal year 2015 and prior years' funds to the AMP program of record. There is no exception made to this limitation provision. There is no limitation. So if you want to say that we are going to go forward with a different program under a different name, that means you are saying that we are going to cut 15 percent of the Secretary of the Air Force's operations and maintenance budget. Are you--do you understand that is what you are doing? That is in the law.    General Holmes. Yes, sir, it is, and we have--our lawyers----    Mr. Bridenstine. Are you going to follow the law is my question?    General Holmes. We are going to follow the law as interpreted by the general counsel.    Mr. Bridenstine. And for the chairman of this committee, if we follow the law and you go forward under the program that I understand you are going forward with in the President's budget request, you are, in essence--we on this committee are required to make sure that the Secretary of the Air Force uses 15 percent of her operations and maintenance budget.    Now, this--this is in the law. I just want to make sure everybody here understands this.    Mr. Bridenstine. So you tell me. You can't make it any more clear. It is written----    Mr. Bridenstine. Sure. A couple of other things. In the 2014 NDAA, you know, section 133 prohibits the Air Force from using any funding to initiate----    Mr. Bridenstine. Sure.