    Mr. Yoho. Thank you, Madam Chair. And I apologize for getting here late.    Gentlemen, what is the status of ISIS in Egypt? And if you covered that already, I apologize. Are they growing? Do they have bases? Do they have training centers, recruitment centers, in your opinion? Mr. Schenker?    Mr. Yoho. Where do they come from?    Mr. Yoho. From Libya, they came from----    Mr. Yoho. Were they stockpiles of ours? Because I have read reports that we had stockpiles of weapons that we had dropped over there that we don't know where they went.    Mr. Yoho. Let me interrupt you because you were talking about they were coming from Hamas. Is Hamas getting those through Iran? Do we have any information that they came directly from Iran, especially since the Iranian nuclear deal? I don't want to call it a deal.    Mr. Yoho. Mr. Bjornlund, in your opinion, are you seeing influence and an effect from Libya and Syria spilling in and disrupting the Sisi government in Egypt?    Mr. Yoho. I am glad you brought that up because I want to touch on a base that my colleague from Virginia brought up. You know that, let's see, he stated that we want a democracy in Egypt. What do the people of Egypt want? What does el-Sisi want? I mean, democracy as we know it doesn't generally work in one of those countries if they don't have the human rights, the protection of free speech, the religious freedom, the things that we believe in here, and not knowing their rights come from a creator, as we believe, versus they come from government. And so is it, what do they want over there?    I mean, we keep trying to say: We are going to help you with democracy. And if you don't understand how democracies work and the fight from the ground up, you know, through the people, I would like to hear your input on what the people are looking for, you know, what form of government serves the people of Egypt best?    Mr. Yoho. I know. And I am not a big fan of that. That is a neoconservative approach that I don't think our Government should do.    Mr. Yoho. Well, if I go back to the Founders, Ben Franklin said: ``A democracy is two wolves and a sheep deciding what to have for dinner. And the sheep always loses.''    The thing that makes our country work is it is a constitutional republic that protects the rights of the minority.    Mr. Yoho. And it came from the ground up.    Madam Chair, I yield back. Thank you.