    Dr. McAneny. Good morning. I'm Dr. Barbara McAneny, a hematologist oncologist from New Mexico and immediate past chair of the American Medical Association board of trustees.    Thank you for inviting us to this hearing on MACRA focusing on physician efforts to prepare for Medicare payment reform.    As background, my practice is the New Mexico Cancer Center, which provides multidisciplinary outpatient cancer care at multiple sites including under served rural areas.    As a practicing physician, I felt the burden of a broken SGR payment system for many years. With half of my patients covered by Medicare, the threat of significant payment cuts was very real and jeopardized the viability of my practice every year.    How could I justify hiring people to provide patient education and care coordination when I would have to lay them off if Medicare cuts went through?    How could I continue to provide services in our most under served area, my Gallup clinic, if the Medicare cuts meant that I couldn't make payroll?    The passage of MACRA now provides physicians with the opportunity to focus on our patients by creating a single performance reporting program, known as MIPS. The law gives us the opportunity to streamline measures, reduce reporting burden and create flexibility to encourage physicians in every specialty to participate and improve care.    MACRA also promotes innovation by encouraging new alternative payment models. APMs can be tailored to specific patient populations to drive care improvement, leverage technology and promote new treatments.    Importantly, the law acknowledges physician leadership is needed in developing APMs which not only promotes participation but protects patients and can drive down costs.    To ensure physicians can take advantages of these MACRA improvements, the AMA is providing information and resources to physicians. We know that physicians are in many different stages of readiness for MACRA and few have detailed knowledge of the law's requirements.    The AMA is eager to work with CMS so that together we can teach all physicians how to avoid the penalties that could threaten the existence of their practices, especially those working in medically under served areas who lack the resources of larger more affluent areas.    To improve outreach, the AMA has created numerous free online tools and resources to guide physicians. This includes basic information for those with little understanding of MACRA.    The AMA had also created CME training modules that can provide assistance on key issues for MACRAs such as EHR implementation and team-based care.    We are also helping physicians decide what path, either MIPS or APMs, is right for them by creating a payment evaluator tool to assess their practice. For those interested in moving to alternative payment models, the AMA has created this guide on physician-focused APMs.    This tool walks through seven different models describing the components and benefits of each including examples on how the model could be implemented.    My own experience with APMs have shown that when physicians have the opportunity to innovate, these models can be successful.    In 2012, I received a CMMI grant to replicate across the country how my practice was providing cancer patients with better care at a lower cost.    By implementing a medical home model, we were able to cut hospitalizations in half. This is a model for chronic care management.    CMS must now implement MACRA to ensure that the law successfully achieves the goals intended by Congress. Knowing that the devil can be in the details, the AMA has provided CMS with guidance from physicians to inform its proposed rule.    We have convened specialty and State societies to build consensus and have created a MACRA task for as well as two work groups, one on MIPS and another on APMs, to examine specific issues related to our program.    In addition to our comment letters and responses to RFIs we've also held listening sessions for CMS and other stakeholders to inform MACRA implementation.    In conclusion, we are hoping the forthcoming regulations from CMS will promote the smooth and successful implementation of MACRA by consolidating and improving current reporting programs, providing broad opportunities for participation in the APMs, addressing current concerns with methodologies of performance measurement and providing physician practices with CMS data needed to evaluate the models.    MACRA provides the opportunity to help every physician in every practice setting make the changes that provide meaningful improvements in the care they give to the patients they serve.    We thank the subcommittee for your continued efforts on this issue and look forward to working with you to ensure a successful start to MACRA.    Dr. McAneny. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, for that question. I think it's a very important one. The change in the opinions from CMS that we are now going to have a partnership with physicians to move forward in creating alternative payment mechanisms is probably the most important change that we've seen for a while.    As a practicing physician now I have the opportunity to have Medicare payment reflect what I actually do for my patients to free me from the face to face required encounters and let me actually create a system that will manage patients more effectively provides an incredible opportunity.    From the AMA standpoint, we are working very hard to continue to work with CMS. We have provided information at their request for information. We've had listening sessions with CMS.    We continue to convene specialty societies from all around the country to be able to work with their own specialty to try to create alternative payment methodologies that will work in that specific specialty and we recognize that in different communities with different needs and different levels of resources it will take a different method to provide these alternative payments for them.    So we really have worked a lot with our physician guide to alternative payments, with our Web site offerings, our Steps Forward program to teach physicians what they need to know right now as they prepare and we very much look forward to seeing the proposed rule.    Dr. McAneny. Well, I think the general physician is thrilled to have the SGR repealed and to have that taken out from the sword that's hanging over our heads.    The average physician has--well, there's a huge variation in the amount of information about MACRA. People know that it's there but they don't quite know how it's going to apply to them yet. So all of the specialty societies have their work cut out for them.    Dr. McAneny. Thank you very much.    Again, we start out with the idea that we need to have a tool and we've created one that will help physicians try to learn whether they're better off in MIPS or in MACRA or in the alternative payment model of MACRA.    We also are working very hard to make EMRs--electronic health records--into the functionality that they need to have.    One of the very important things that all practices are going to need is to be able to have the date both their own internal data and claims data back from Medicare so that we know how we're doing. And it doesn't help us at all if we get data six months or a year later. How can you change when that happens? You've already lost a year.    So we're trying to work with CMS to modify the electronic health records meaningful use processes so that those become tools that really help us as we engage in patients and not just data collection instruments and we will continue to work, as the others have mentioned, with educating our members as to what their options are, how to get prepared for this, how they can look at creating quality measures.    The other thing that's very important that I think the AMA is doing is working with multiple specialty societies to create quality measures that are not only good measures but are actually useful as they work to transform their own practices.    Dr. McAneny. If I may, Mr. Chairman.    Dr. McAneny. The point that you made about we want everybody to get an A is the most important point because we can't afford to leave any physicians behind when we are facing a physician shortage. We need to find a path forward for everyone and we need to understand that we're not going to get it right with the first set of regulations.    But we need to make this a rapid-learning process where physicians can try something, not be penalized for it but to have CMS as a partner with all of the specialty societies they work with to be able to move forward and come up with something that better serves the patients of the country.    Dr. McAneny. Well, I think that's very important to avoid any of the disincentives. We need to make sure that as we do quality measures or performance measures that they are very useful for each individual practice.    Making a physician take time away from the patients they serve to answer questions and fill out data fields that have nothing to do with what they do all day takes away a valuable resource of physician time.    What we are trying to do at the AMA is to make sure that we have a variety of tools and recognize that this is going to have to come from the bottom up with CMS and Congress as a partnership rather than as a punitive entity so that when a physician says this would be what would benefit my patients we're hoping that when the proposed rule comes out there will be enough flexibility in that to allow the creativity of physicians to be tested and, if it doesn't work--and not all the models will work--we need to have the ability then to go back and change things without imposing penalties that threaten the existence, particularly of those rural practices and under served areas who are often hanging on by their fingernails now.    Dr. McAneny. Thank you for that question. Personally what I'm most excited about is that a week and a half ago my practice was selected to participate in the oncology care model, which is one of the, hopefully, alternative payments and we're one of ten practices in the country that's certified as an oncology medical home. So I'm hoping that the proposed rule will come out and say yes, that is an alternative payment.    I'm also very excited about the idea that electronic medical records will become interoperable so I can share data with other people who are taking care of my patients without having to fax records back and forth and to be able to use the alternative payment from the oncology care model to maybe be able to hire a social worker.    I haven't been able to afford a social worker. Or perhaps a dietician to help my patients or nurses to have more time to spend educating patients about their choices.    So I think what I see in my own particular practice will translate very well across the country and the AMA is going to work very hard with all of the specialty societies to find models that can make them as excited about what they're doing as I am about what I'm doing.    Dr. McAneny. I don't think we have a--set up a forum for that. But one of the things we're trying to do both through our innovators committee and through the AMA network of physicians working with all the specialty societies is to try to do some rapid learning and bring some of those forward.    Dr. McAneny. I would add to that that one of the concerns that we have is what is nominal risk and defining nominal risk in such a way that I as a small practice managing physician can cope with it.    For me, since I am not an insurance company, I do not have reserves. There's other types of risk besides financial risk. If I hire a new employee I'm guaranteeing a salary and benefits.    To me, that's financial risk. If I'm leaving gaps in my schedule for same day patients to me that's financial risk. So one thing that Congress in particular and this committee definitely can help with is to let CMS work with us for that understanding of risk and also let practices as they develop their measures give us a chance to try that.    Help us along with what we need to learn from the PTAC and from the AMA and from other organizations so that we can try things. Some of it won't work but don't put us out of business if it doesn't work because then we can't serve the patients in that community.    Dr. McAneny. I apologize for that. You're absolutely correct. New structures of care--if we try a specific team approach if it doesn't save money but it delivers better care we don't want that one thrown out, the baby with the bath water.    Dr. McAneny. A couple ideas that I would love to throw out. One is that a lot of States have tried to create health information exchanges yet some of the big institutions put walls around their data so that they can keep the patients to themselves and not let them go elsewhere.    Those walls need to come down so that we can take care of patients wherever the patients want to be taken care of.    The law of small numbers concerns me a lot in the attribution. If my primary care colleagues happen to have 10 patients with cancer that year instead of the 5 that they thought they would and my expensive drugs become attributed to them, they will have a problem in trying to be compared fairly.    So we're very concerned about being able to have good attribution and that's still a science in its infancy. And the other thing that will help a lot is if we can get Medicare claims data back to us in a timely fashion because if I can see a problem and I can figure out a way to fix it, that gives me a lot more ability to take care of patients than if I learn about something 2 years later when I don't even remember or have any idea what I did right or wrong.    Dr. McAneny. Well, we didn't come here to talk about the ASP changes so I'd be happy to talk with you offline about that issue. But yes, it's very important to us.    Dr. McAneny. I will.    Dr. McAneny. Yes. I would like to add on that on a very personal experience because in participating in my oncology medical home process we've had--in order to have that money from the innovation center come to us to be able to allow the practices to spend money on nurse educators who could teach patients what's going on, nurses doing triage on the phone.    We brought patients in, 15 to 20 same-day visits every day. We cut the rate of hospitalization for cancer patients by over half.    Patients were thrilled to be able to see us on the weekends and on the same day that they needed to see us. And so it was a very immediate way that we were providing patients because of this APM with the care that they needed when they needed it and where they could get it at a lower cost.