    Mr. Fischer. Good afternoon, Chairman Hurd, Ranking Member Cummings, and distinguished members of the committee. On behalf of the Congressional Research Service, thank you for the opportunity to testify today.    I will try to put what you have heard from prior witnesses in context with respect to both long-term challenges and near-term needs in cybersecurity and the Federal roles in addressing them.    The technologies that process and communicate information have become ubiquitous and are increasingly integral to almost every facet of modern life. These technologies and the information they manage are collectively known as cyberspace, which may well be the most rapidly evolving technology space in human history. This growth refers to not only how big cyberspace is, but also to what it is: social media, mobile devices, cloud computing big data, and the Internet of things. These are all recent developments and all are increasingly important facets of cyberspace. It is difficult to predict how cyberspace will continue to evolve, but it is probably safe to expect the evolution to continue for many years.    That is not to say that all of cyberspace has changed. Basic aspects of how the Internet works are decades old, and obsolete hardware and software may persist for many years. These characteristics of the cyberspace environment present a daunting challenge for cybersecurity, whether for Federal agencies, third-party contractors and vendors, or even the general public.    But design incentives and consensus are also major long-term challenges for cybersecurity. Building security into the design of cyberspace has proven to be difficult. The incentive structure within cyberspace does not particularly favor cybersecurity, and significant barriers persist for developing consensus on what cybersecurity involves and how to implement it effectively.    Furthermore, no matter how important those four challenges are, they do not diminish the need to secure cyberspace in the short-term. That includes reducing risk by removing threats, hardening vulnerabilities, and taking steps to lessen the impacts of cyber attacks. It also includes addressing needs such as reducing barriers to information sharing, building a capable cybersecurity workforce, and fighting cybercrime.    Federal agencies play significant roles in addressing both near-term needs and long-term challenges. Under FISMA, all Federal agencies are responsible for securing their own systems. Private sector contractors acting on behalf of Federal agencies must also meet FISMA requirements. In fiscal year 2014, Federal agencies spent $12.7 billion on those activities, equivalent to about 13 percent of agency information technology budgets.    Now, Federal agencies also have responsibilities for other cybersecurity functions, as summarized in my written testimony. Research and development, along with education, are the two probably most focused on addressing long-term challenges. Others, such as technical standards and support, law enforcement, and regulation focus more on meeting immediate needs.    The Department of Defense, as an example, is responsible for military operations and protection of its own systems, in addition to some other cybersecurity activities. DOD includes the National Security Agency, which is also a member of the intelligence community. DOD has the largest annual investment of any Federal agency both in information technology and in cybersecurity.    The Department of Homeland Security fulfills several cybersecurity functions, developing, for example, new cybersecurity technologies and other tools. It coordinates the operational security of Federal systems under FISMA, including information sharing and technical support. It also plays a significant role in law enforcement related to cybercrime, with DOJ, of course, being the lead agency in that regard.    But perhaps it is best known as coordinating Federal efforts to improve the security of critical infrastructure, most of which is controlled by the private sector. Those activities include information sharing incident response and technical support. Most private sector department activities are voluntary, but DHS also has some regulatory authority for the transportation and chemical sectors.    Now, the role of Federal regulation in cybersecurity has been a significant source of controversy, along with how to remove barriers to information sharing while protecting proprietary and personal information, and the proper roles of different Federal agencies in various cybersecurity activities, including regulation.    With respect to specifically the third-party vendors and contractors, it may be useful to note that a large proportion, roughly half, of recent Federal investment in information technology has been for procurement and acquisition of products and services. In addition, of course, vendors and contractors who provide other kinds of products and services increasingly rely on information technology in their businesses.    Also, I should mention that NIST is in the process of developing guidance for agencies to apply to other non-Federal systems that contain or process controlled, but unclassified, Federal information.    That concludes my testimony. Once again, thank you for asking me to appear before you today.    Mr. Fischer. I guess what I would like to add to what the other witnesses said is that there is certainly consensus that there is a general increase. Now, with respect to a specific, also, there is a lot of evidence that the rate of increase is actually accelerating; it is not just a certain number per year, but each year those numbers go up. And a number of different measures would reflect that. So basically we can expect continued increase.    Mr. Fischer. Well, sir, part of that I think depends on the whole question of the incentive structure that I mentioned. So now often people will talk about, well, who are the threat actors? You have State actors, hacktivists, cyber criminals, maybe some terrorists and a few other sort of classic hackers involved. So they have different motivations and different incentives.    So it seems that it depends, once again, on what the sector is specifically that is being attacked, or the particular agency or entity, what the motivation of the particular attacker is.    I think that one way to think about this is to realize that once the public recognizes that cybersecurity is a critical part of the value proposition for anything they do, that is going to help greatly ameliorate the situation. And the other challenges I mentioned in my testimony are also important.    Mr. Fischer. Well, that is probably a question that could be more effectively answered by an agency such as NSA because, obviously, a lot of the attacks that happen are not going to be made public once they are discovered. But, obviously, attacks by nation states are considered a very serious concern, particularly for agencies involved in----    Mr. Fischer. I wouldn't want to give you a number that was inaccurate, but we would be happy to get back to you with that.    Mr. Fischer. Well, generally speaking, the ones that are identified publicly are nation states like China, and Russia to some extent, and also Iran. You know, the sort of usual players in that regard.    Mr. Fischer. Well, there is certainly some evidence to that, at least in some cases. It really depends on what the nation state's motivation is and what they are looking for. So in the case of China, for example, there is an interest in obtaining intellectual property, so there is some evidence that they have, in fact, attacked some private companies.    Mr. Fischer. Sure. I would be happy to do that.    Mr. Fischer. Well, the only thing I would like to add in addition is that it is also important to consider the kind of costs associated with encryption, because why is it that we don't all use encryption at home? Because it can be difficult for us to implement. The same thing can apply in the context of a company or even a Federal agency.    So if the use of encryption seems to basically, while it may help to meet the cybersecurity part of the mission, actually interferes with or perceives to interfere with the operational part of the mission, then often organizations may choose the operational part of the mission. So this raises the whole question about how does one make sure that security is usable. Because if security is not usable, basically people find a workaround.    Mr. Fischer. I don't have any specific comments with respect to FITARA, but I would like to say we do have people who are sort of more specifically focused on this area, and we would be happy to follow up with you to answer any questions you may have.