    Mr. Sherman. I want to comment about both bills. I disagree with a portion of what Dana Rohrabacher had to say for reasons everybody else has already expressed. I agree with a portion of what he said. He is right on the history, and that is a democratic elected government reneged on a giant promise, and instead of distributing campaign leaflets there was a regime-threatening presence of large numbers of people. Woe be to our state and Federal Governments if 1 million people will demand extraconstitutional governmental changes each time politicians renege on a promise. It has happened here, I am told.    There is one part of the resolution that I think we can all agree on, and it may mean more if read in an American context. We say we strongly support the right of the people of Ukraine to freely elect their government. I turn to the gentleman from Texas, Mr. Poe, and would say, as a Texan, would you think that Texans were free to elect their government if your governor was appointed by President Barack Obama rather than elected by the residents of Texas? Would that be unpopular with the people in your district?    Mr. Sherman. I would say that. And at the same time, we have a Federal system here in which people are free to elect their own governor. And that has served us well, and perhaps would serve as a model for the Ukraine. And certainly when Americans say in a resolution ``free to elect their own government,'' most ordinary Americans would think that that would include electing your own governor.    Mr. Sherman. I will yield for a question.    Mr. Sherman. I am not sure that that has been determined. But there are certainly some in Kiev who think that the local governor should be appointed. And I have urged our Ukranian friends, especially in a country with such regional differences, just as our country has regional differences. But you are going to have to turn to other experts.    Mr. Sherman. I will reclaim my time because I want to talk about the anti-Semitism resolution. We would have more credibility talking to the world about anti-Semitism if it wasn't so prevalent on at least a few American campuses. On some of our campuses, federally funded in large part, you are told that you are not qualified to serve in student government unless you agree that Israel should be abolished and the Middle East should be ethnically cleansed of Jews.    Now, we do have a civil rights law, and Title VI requires that those on campus not face anti-Semitism. But for anti-Semitism to be fought, you need a definition of anti-Semitism. The State Department has a definition of anti-Semitism. When we criticize other countries for allowing anti-Semitic behavior or engaging in anti-Semitic behavior, that is the definition we use.    And I would hope that members of this committee would join me in writing to the U.S. Department of Education and saying it certainly undercuts our foreign policy when we tell other countries this is the definition of anti-Semitism, you should not allow--or you should protect Jews from this anti-Semitic behavior, if we can't get the U.S. Department of Education to agree with the same definition.    For us to have any credibility in the world on this issue, the U.S. Department of Education needs to enforce the law. And the first step in enforcing the law is defining the law. So I hope to have a few cosigners for a letter. And I yield back.