    Mr. Neugebauer. Well, thank you, Mr. Chairman. Thank you, Administrator, for being here today.    Mr. Neugebauer. As you know, as the Ranking Member pointed out, we've had numerous hearings about all the EPA regulations, both those proposed and finalized. And many of the witnesses that testified before this committee have consistently testified that EPA's regulatory agenda will harm the American economy. And so I'm concerned about that regulatory agenda that will regulate the United States into some kind of economic irrelevance.    Now, the Clean Power Plan is a good example of EPA's command-and-control mentality. I don't think this is environmental protection, but I think it's unconstitutional usurpation of power in the name of environmental activism. Even President Obama's constitutional law professor Lawrence Tribe stated that ``EPA is attempting an unconstitutional trifecta, usurping the prerogatives of the states, Congress, and the federal courts all at once, but burning the Constitution of the United States, about which I deeply care, cannot be a part of national energy policy.'' This is not necessarily a very conservative jurist.    So the question I have, Administrator McCarthy, does the Constitution give the EPA the right to ignore the will and intent of Congress and carry out its own agenda?    Mr. Neugebauer. Well, numerous states, including my home state of Texas, for example, disagree with your analysis. In fact, the Supreme Court has placed a stay on the rule until it's examined whether it's constitutional or not----    Mr. Neugebauer. --is that correct?    Mr. Neugebauer. Yes. So citizens and businesses in my home state are very concerned about the increase in electricity prices that will occur when the Clean Power Plan goes into effect. And I think you said a while ago that you believe that the cost of electricity--did I hear you say you think the cost of electricity is going down with the Clean Power Plan?    Mr. Neugebauer. Well, I don't believe that and I would yield to the Chairman, but, Mr. Chairman, I don't believe that anybody has testified before this committee that that the cost of electricity is going down, have they?    Mr. Neugebauer. Yes. So I think we've got EPA with one perspective and we've got the entire utility industry with another perspective, and not just the utility industry but other outside groups that disagree with that. So the question is can you furnish this committee with a cost-benefit analysis that you did that shows that the cost would go down? And have you shown that report to----    Mr. Neugebauer. --others to validate your finding?    Mr. Neugebauer. So the question is sometimes I think folks on our side of the aisle get painted with the perspective we don't care about the environment. We care very much about the environment. But we care very much about making sure, as the gentleman from California said, being good stewards of the taxpayers' money and making sure that the policies that are implemented in the Administration are policies that are in the best interest of the country. And I think one of the things that--and as the Chairman was pointing out, even if you employ all of these certain practices that are put in place, we're talking about making an infinitesimal change in the environment.    And so I think when you look at--and I haven't done a cost-benefit analysis, but when you say it's almost as thin as a sheet of paper and you're going to cost billions and billions of dollars, I don't know how that's in the best interest of the American people.    Mr. Neugebauer. Well, I'm going to stop you there. I mean, here--I think what we have to kind of put this down in perspective, you know----    Mr. Neugebauer. --we can talk about numbers and billions and stuff. You know who I think about? I think about that little single mom----    Mr. Neugebauer. --that's raising two kids that's working two jobs and she's worried about whether she's going to be able to pay her electric bill or she's going to be able to buy gasoline to get to work to support her family and to make sure if those kids need to go to the doctor that they're able to do that.    Mr. Neugebauer. And what we're saying is we're willing to sacrifice those people for some long-term goal that we don't even have a clear picture of whether it's actually achievable, number one, and secondly, whether it's beneficial. And what do you say to her?    Mr. Neugebauer. My district is.    Mr. Neugebauer. But I don't think we need the EPA----    Mr. Neugebauer. As the Chairman said, why don't we let the market determine it? The reason that I have more wind in my district than any place in the country, one is because of some very attractive tax credits----    Mr. Neugebauer. --quite honestly, but the other is----    Mr. Neugebauer. --you know, obviously, we've got a little wind out there. But I think the perspective that I'm saying is----    Mr. Neugebauer. --that the mandates--I don't have very many calls of people say, boy, the air sure is dirty here today. Would you do something about it? But I do have a lot of calls in my office with people calling and saying, you know, I can't afford my electricity bill, I can't afford the gasoline. I mean, those----    Mr. Neugebauer. --are the calls that I get.