    Mr. Buck. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Sheriff Jones, have long have you been with the sheriff's office? I heard earlier, but I forgot.    Mr. Buck. Okay. And in your office or in your jail, I take it that you implement a program with ICE.    Mr. Buck. And that program, at least when I was in local law enforcement, used to be known as the 297 Program or 287G Program?    Mr. Buck. And it requires you to send some of your deputies to be trained with ICE. Is that my understanding?    Mr. Buck. And when I was district attorney, I inquired of ICE how they found out about individuals' nationality and made their determination. And I was concerned with profiling issues because they were raised to me. My understanding is that ICE asks neutral questions to begin their questioning. They will ask something like, where were you born, and they will ask that of everyone that they interview in custody. Is that your understanding?    Mr. Buck. And if they do not have that indication----    Mr. Buck . They would still ask the neutral question of everyone.    Mr. Buck. They will not just ask people who speak Spanish or people who speak a foreign language. They will ask that question of everyone that is in custody taken in that day, for example.    Mr. Buck. Okay. And I have seen in my experience changes in the morale of the ICE agents that are working there. Many of the ICE agents that I deal with feel like they have been handcuffed by this Administration recently. Do you have that feeling also with the ICE agents that you work with?    Mr. Buck. Can you pay a law enforcement officer enough to ignore crime?    Mr. Buck. We do it. I did it or we do it for other reasons. We do it because we feel like we make our communities safer. We do it because we want to help people around us. We do not do it for another $1,000 a year in pay. Is that fair to say?    Mr. Buck. And you have mentioned a statistic that shows decreased crime, but it is also your sense that there is decreased enforcement as a result of changes in Administration policy.    Mr. Buck. And that is what you hear anecdotally from the people that you deal with in ICE.    Mr. Buck. Chief Biehl, as part of your job as a--oh, I am sorry. I wanted to mention something also, Sheriff Jones. I really appreciate you drawing the distinction between sheriffs and chiefs, and it I something that I have noticed. Chiefs are appointed by mayors typically or city councils or administrators who work for mayors and city councils in urban areas. And they tend to be more liberal, and they tend to have more liberal policies. Sheriffs run for election. They deal with individuals. They have a sense of the community that far exceeds, at least in my experience, that of a police chief.    We have had so many times in the Colorado legislature bills that have been supported by sheriffs and opposed by chiefs, bill that have been supported by chiefs and opposed by sheriffs. Two very different spokesmen or women for law enforcement, and I appreciate you drawing that distinction.    Chief Biehl, I want to ask you really quickly, do you have a task force, for example, with DEA when you deal with drug cases?    Mr. Buck. And in those task forces, you gather intelligence and share that intelligence with DEA.    Mr. Buck. Okay. And the same is true if you know of a large gun running organization, national gun running, you would share information with ATF.    Mr. Buck. And I take it if you heard of some international terrorist organization, you would share information with the     Mr. Buck. And but when your officer shows up at a domestic violence situation, what you are telling me is they do not make inquiries about nationality, and they would not share information if they had a suspicion about someone being in this country illegally.    Mr. Buck. I am out of time, but you distinguish between the various types of crime and how you interact with the Federal Government.    Mr. Buck. Thank you.