    Mr. Labrador. Thank you, Mr. Chair.    Mr. Director, it's great to have you here. I have heard from many of my constituents about the refugee program and its impact on Idaho. As refugee admissions are increasing, there is growing concern that bad actors are not being caught in the vetting process and are gaining admission alongside bona fide refugees living in fear.    I'm actually an advocate of refugee programs. I think it's a good thing to have refugee programs, but there's a lot misconceptions out there and a lot of real fear about the people that are coming into the United States. This Congress has an obligation to address those concerns and ensure that the process is working correctly and protecting our national security.    Numerous times over the past year, including yesterday, both the FBI's Assistant Director for the Counterterrorism Division Michael Steinbach and yourself have testified about the flaws and limitations in the vetting of Syrian refugees.    On October 8, you testified that you were concerned about certain gaps in the data available to the FBI, and yesterday you testified that the FBI can only query what has been previously collected, which is obvious.    I know that you have addressed this issue before and you've addressed it, I think, once here today, but can you please explain to this Committee the security gaps that exist for purposes of conducting full and effective background checks on foreign nationals who claim to have fled the conflict zone of Syria and who are seeking to be resettled as refugees in the United States?    Mr. Labrador. So is it accurate to state that the lack of intelligence available on the ground in Syria is rendering our traditional database biographic and biometric checks obsolete?    Mr. Labrador. So the FBI has repeatedly contrasted the United States' ability to collect intelligence on the ground in Iraq with its ability to do so in Syria. What can the FBI do to adapt to improve security checks for refugees originating from failed states with no available intelligence?    Mr. Labrador. So are you currently working with the intelligence community to try to fix this problem?    Mr. Labrador. Recognizing that ISIS and Syria and that there is a risk that bad actors may attempt to take advantage of this Administration's commitment to bring at least 10,000 Syrian refugees into the United States over the next year, can you estimate the manpower and resources that will need to be diverted from other investigative programs to address this threat?    Mr. Labrador. How can I ensure my constituents that the people that may come to Idaho are safe, that they are not terrorists, that the people in my community are going to be safe?    Mr. Labrador. And I understand that if there is information, but the problem is that we don't have the information on most of these people. Isn't that true?    Mr. Labrador. Thank you very much.    I yield back my time.