    Chairman HUELSKAMP. Good morning. Thank you all for being with us today. I call this hearing to order.    Whether we want to or not, each and every one of us has a relationship with the IRS. Benjamin Franklin famously said, ``In this world, nothing can be said to be certain except death and taxes.''    In the administration of the tax code, the IRS has dual roles, collection and enforcement. Small businesses have a right to be treated fairly on both counts. Unfortunately, that is not always the case. Many can appreciate that the IRS is a tough job to do; however, the best outcomes will result from the IRS and taxpayers working together to improve voluntary compliance and efficiently allocate resources.    The Small Business Committee has heard from a number of small businesses that have been harmed in one way or another by the IRS. In at least two cases, aggressive audits have resulted in these companies actually closing their doors.    Today's hearing will focus on some of the ways the IRS can proactively work with small business taxpayers to improve communication and compliance, as well as on some things the IRS needs to do differently.    I would like to thank our witnesses for coming today. I look forward to your testimony.    I now yield to the ranking member for her opening remarks.    Chairman HUELSKAMP. Thank you for that opening statement.    A quick summary again on timing. First, if Committee members have an opening statement prepared, I ask that it be submitted for the record.    I would like to take a moment to explain the timing lights for you. You will each have 5 minutes to deliver your testimony. The light will start at green. When you have 1 minute remaining, the light will turn yellow. Finally, at the end of 5 minutes it will turn red. I ask that you kindly adhere to that time limit.    Our first witness this morning is Mr. Pete Sepp, president of the National Taxpayers Union here in Washington, D.C. Mr. Sepp first started with the NTU in 1988. Currently, he supervises their government affairs, public relations, and development activities. Mr. Sepp has testified before Congress on a wide range of tax-related issues and has also been a guest on several nationally broadcast radio and television programs.    Mr. Sepp, you have 5 minutes, and you may begin.    Chairman HUELSKAMP. Thank you, Mr. Sepp. We appreciate your testimony.    Our next witness is Mr. Lee Davenport, member of the Electronic Tax Administration Advisory Committee here in Washington, D.C. Mr. Davenport is in his third year as a member of the Advisory Committee, which serves as a public forum to discuss electronic tax administration issues. He is principal of Davenport Consulting, which provides business consulting and private financing services. He was also the architect of Myfreetaxes.com, which assists those who earn less than $62,000 per year to file their state and federal taxes for free.    Mr. Davenport, thank you for being here today. You may begin.    Chairman HUELSKAMP. Thank you, Mr. Davenport. We appreciate your testimony and your service on the Advisory Committee.    Our third witness this morning is Mr. Roger Harris, President and COO of Padgett Business Services in Athens, Georgia. Mr. Harris has served twice as Chairman of the Internal Revenue Advisory Council, and has previously testified before this Committee, as well as before the Senate Small Business Committee. He has been named one of Accounting Today's Top 100 People. Mr. Harris, you have 5 minutes.    Chairman HUELSKAMP. Thank you, Mr. Harris, we appreciate your testimony.    I now yield to our Ranking Member for the introduction of the final witness.    Chairman HUELSKAMP. I thank the Ranking Member for that introduction.    Ms. Peterson-Cassin, you may begin.    Chairman HUELSKAMP. Thank you, Ms. Peterson-Cassin. I appreciate your testimony. We will begin with questions.    I would first like to direct a question to Mr. Harris. I appreciate your experience as a practitioner. Looking at this and after a correspondence audit, what do we really know how the IRS determines who is going to be audited? The New York Times article contends they have a secret algorithm. What is your experience or your best guess in what is occurring over there?    Chairman HUELSKAMP. Another question for Mr. Sepp about the auditors. How are they currently held accountable when they make errors that might cause a catastrophic result for taxpayers and/or small businesses?    Chairman HUELSKAMP. With a tax appeal rate of 5 to 7 percent, is this because businesses are a function of being scared as well as not knowing, or not worth the price of entry? There is a lot of discussion about large corporations that will draw audits for years. For a small business with 20 folks or less a couple days is a major crippling factor on their business if they are shut down or have to spend all their time with an auditor on an appeal.    Chairman HUELSKAMP. Who would they call?    Chairman HUELSKAMP. Mr. Davenport, what is your sense of volume of audit activity? Could that be diminished, and more targeted, and more efficient? You filed recommendations for the council you are on. Can you describe that a little bit more, how we could actually make it more efficient and better allocate the resources? Thoughts on that?    Chairman HUELSKAMP. They have, certainly, some type of internal processes, but are taxpayers not privy to those? Or if they ask who is looking at it next or who looked at it, where it is, what do they tell a small business man or woman that is appealing? Where is the appeal? Will they even answer that question?    Chairman HUELSKAMP. Well, thank you. I appreciate that.    Next, I would like to recognize the ranking member for her 5 minutes of questions.    Chairman HUELSKAMP. Thank you. Next, I would like to recognize Mrs. Radewagen for her 5 minutes of questions.    Chairman HUELSKAMP. I have a feeling we may have some members streaming in from other committees, and I have a couple of additional questions and the members will have another round of questions.    Mr. Sepp, you did mention the option of farming out audits, which is a new concept to me. I understand the current system where we actually do in most States, if not all, participate in assisting the IRS in tax administration. But the current system, farming out audits to hire private companies are perhaps conflicts of interest? Describe why that should be allowed or your opinion on the IRS doing that. Apparently, it is doing it on a number of cases.    Chairman HUELSKAMP. Is this a new route for the IRS? Or have they been doing this for a long time?    Chairman HUELSKAMP. It seems very shocking to me and I was actually in a different type of regulatory setting of environmental regulations with the idea we would bring in a competing firm to help enforce or decide what permits their competitive firm gets and it is just beyond unbelievable the IRS would do this as well.    Ms. Peterson-Cassin, you said you had experience in the nonprofit world as well, and there have been a lot of discussions in the last few years in trying to figure out who gets targeted for audits or selection of special scrutiny, which has come under a lot of discussion lately. Can you provide an insight? Should the IRS be using special words they target, or how do they pick these out in the nonprofit world for this tax-exempt status, which of course raised plenty of concerns, I think, by many folks. Can you describe what they should have done, what you think they did?    Chairman HUELSKAMP. In my conversations with the Commissioner, there are things that he told me they could do that no one in their right mind in the nonprofit world would even try to do because they know they are going to be hit on the wrist or even worse. How do you know what you know? How do you find out? Now we are in the middle of just trying to figure out what exactly they were doing in Cincinnati, which is the subject of other hearings of other committees, so I appreciate that insight.    Ms. Chu, did you have any additional questions?    Chairman HUELSKAMP. Are there votes this early? I did not know that, so I appreciate that. We got sidelined with another Committee, so I would like to thank all of you witnesses for participating today. You have raised a number of issues and potential solutions--I like hearing solutions--that require some serious attention at the IRS. It seems we have a lot more work to do in this area but this hearing is a good start.    I know the Full Committee and this Subcommittee will follow up with the IRS and other stakeholders on the issues raised today. You have not heard the last from us. It is important that these issues and other related concerns are identified, addressed, and corrected.    I ask unanimous consent that members have 5 legislative days to submit statements and supporting materials for the record. Without objection, so ordered.    This hearing is now adjourned.