    Chairman Babin. The Subommittee on Space will come to order. Without objection, the Chair is authorized to declare recesses of the Subcommittee at any time. Good morning. Welcome to today's hearing titled The International Space Station: Addressing Operational Challenges. In front of you are packets containing the written testimony, biographies, and Truth in Testimony disclosures for today's witnesses. I recognize myself for five minutes for an opening statement.    Good morning. I'd like to welcome everyone to our hearing today, and I want to thank our witnesses for taking time to appear before our Committee. Since 2013, the ISS program has experienced a number of challenges. As a can-do nation, America has always been committed to identifying challenges, addressing them, and advancing to reach out and reach our goal and destiny. We have that same commitment with the ISS. During this time, astronauts have experienced water leaks in their suits three times, with one incident occurring during a spacewalk. On April the 26th, 2013, an unmanned Russian Progress cargo vehicle damaged a laser radar reflector when docking with the ISS. On January the 14th, 2015, a false alarm of an ammonia leak caused the crew to retreat into the Russian segment. On October 28th, 2014, an Orbital Sciences unmanned cargo launch failed just after launch. On April the 28th, 2015, a separate Russian Progress cargo vehicle failed to reach the ISS. On June the 7th, 2015, a planned re-boost of the ISS using a docked Progress vehicle failed but eventually was successful after troubleshooting. On June the 10th, 2015, a visiting Soyuz vehicle unexpectedly fired its engines without being commanded. Most recently, on June the 28th, 2015, a SpaceX unmanned cargo launch failed as well.    All of these incidents highlight the challenges of operating in space, and they remind us that NASA's contractors, engineers, and astronauts must be ever vigilant. These events have challenged ISS operations, but the fact that the program was able to effectively respond to these set-backs is a testament to NASA, the ISS partners, and the contractors. We do not know the root causes of some of the accidents yet, but once we have more information, we will be better suited to review those individual events. In the meantime, this hearing allows us to evaluate the operational status of the ISS, review efforts to utilize the unique asset, and assess the prospects for future operations.    The ISS is one of the most complex and expensive man-made objects ever built. The American taxpayers currently invest approximately $3 billion dollars per year in this laboratory. We must ensure that every dollar is spent effectively and efficiently. The ISS offers a unique microgravity environment for scientists and engineers to utilize. NASA recently released its Benefits to Humanity publication this week detailing the many benefits that ISS provides back to our lives here on Earth. From advances in our understanding of human health and performance to our use of new materials to the utilization of robotics and satellites, the benefits we receive from ISS are many and diverse and remarkable.    In addition to the benefits here on Earth the ISS offers the conditions necessary to prepare and develop critical technologies for deep space and long-duration human spaceflight missions. Successive NASA authorizations direct the administration to utilize the ISS for this purpose. The Human Research Program and Advanced Exploration Systems Program at NASA are on the cutting edge of developing the systems we need to send humans ever deeper into the Solar System than ever before. Right now, Captain Scott Kelly is on day 104 of his year-long mission to study the effects of long-duration human spaceflight.    In addition to the utilization efforts of NASA's research programs, the NASA Authorization Act of 2005 designated part of the ISS as a National Lab and the NASA Authorization Act of 2010 directed the administration to sign a cooperative agreement with a non-profit to manage it. NASA selected the Center for the Advancement of Science in Space, or CASIS, to lead this effort. The Government Accountability Office noted in a recent report that CASIS had made great strides in fulfilling the mandate under the law but that more work needed to be done to ensure that measurable progress was being made in a quantifiable manner. I hope to hear from NASA today that the agency is making progress towards answering this recommendation from GAO.    As we keep an eye on the present operation and utilization of the ISS, we must also look to the future. Last year the administration announced support for the extension of the ISS program from 2020 to 2024. At present, federal law limits the life of the ISS to 2020. Absent action from Congress to extend it, the administration would be required to begin closeout of the program.    There are many questions about the request for this extension. The bipartisan, House-passed NASA Authorization Act of 2015 requires the administration to provide a report to Congress on efforts by the administration to utilize the ISS and how to quantify benefits back to the nation for the required investment for this extension. It also requires the Administration to develop a government-wide utilization plan for the ISS to ensure that every minute the facility is in orbit we are doing what we can to get the most out of it. These reports are critical for Congress to understand the issues that inform whether to extend the ISS.    This Committee has a responsibility to ensure that the American taxpayers are getting all that they can from every dollar they send to the federal government. I believe this investment is worthwhile and that the benefits far outweigh the cost. Support for the ISS and its operations and utilization is not a partisan issue. It is an American issue, and I look forward to working with my friends on the other side of the aisle and our partners in the space industry to understand how we can all meet the operational challenges facing the ISS program.    Chairman Babin. I now recognize the Ranking Member, the gentlelady from Maryland for an opening statement.    Chairman Babin. Thank you, Ms. Edwards. I now recognize the Ranking Member of the Full Committee for a statement, the gentlelady from Texas.    Ms. Johnson of Texas. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman, for holding this hearing on the International Space Station. This really is an important topic, and I look forward to the testimony of our panel of witnesses and I welcome them.    It is no secret that I have been a long supporter of the ISS. It plays a unique role in furthering research, advancing human spaceflight, and inspiring our young people. Moreover, in addition to being an incredible engineering achievement, it provides a very visible demonstration of the benefits that can be derived from peaceful international cooperation in space.    Failures of commercial cargo transportation missions to the ISS remind us that spaceflight is not easy. Failures will occur, and unfortunately these failures will have impacts on the program. We need to better understand those impacts, as well as the plans for dealing with them going forward. And we need to know whether there are any lessons learned that need to be applied to the far more challenging Commercial Crew Transportation Program.    I've said before that the ISS is a perishable commodity. We need to be clear on what NASA needs to accomplish with this unique laboratory while it is still operational. While the Administration has proposed to extend ISS operations until 2024, maintaining the ISS involves risk and a significant opportunity cost. We need to ensure that the ISS is being used in a way that maximizes its productivity and value to the nation.    In addition, if we are to ensure that the needed ISS research and technology activities are carried out, it is clear that we are going to need to make the necessary investments. Stagnant ISS research budgets do not communicate the message that we are serious about supporting the important research and technology efforts that can only be accomplished on the ISS. That is a problem that Congress could and should fix.    Well, Mr. Chairman, we have a lot of issues to discuss today. I welcome our witnesses and look forward to a productive hearing. I thank you, and I yield back.    Chairman Babin. Thank you, Ms. Johnson. If there are Members who wish to submit additional opening statements, your statements will be added to the record at this point.    At this time I would like to introduce our witnesses. Bill Gerstenmaier is the Associate Administrator of the Human Exploration and Operations Mission Directorate at NASA. Our second witness today is John Elbon, Vice President and General Manager of Space Exploration for The Boeing Company. Testifying third is the Honorable Paul Martin who has served as NASA's Inspector General since 2009. Our third witness is Shelby Oakley, Acting Director of Acquisition and Sourcing Management for Government Accountability Office, GAO. Today's final witness is Dr. James Pawelczyk, an Associate Professor of Physiology and Kinesiology at the Pennsylvania State University and a retired astronaut.    In order to allow time for discussion, please limit your testimony to five minutes. Your entire written statement will be made part of the record.    I now recognize Mr. Gerstenmaier for five minutes to present his testimony.    Chairman Babin. Yes, sir. Thank you, Mr. Gerstenmaier. I'll now recognize Mr. Elbon for five minutes to present his testimony.    Chairman Babin. Thank you, Mr. Elbon. I now recognize Mr. Martin for five minutes to present his testimony.    Chairman Babin. Thank you, Mr. Martin. And I now recognize Ms. Oakley for five minutes to present her testimony.    Chairman Babin. Thank you, Ms. Oakley. Now I'd like to recognize Dr. Pawelczyk for five minutes to present his testimony.    Chairman Babin. Thank you, Dr. Pawelczyk. I thank the witnesses, all the witnesses, for your testimony. Members are reminded that committee rules limit questioning to five minutes. The Chair now recognizes himself for five minutes.    This question will be for Mr. Gerstenmaier and Mr. Elbon. The SpaceX mission had a new commercial crew docking mechanism, water filtration device, and a new spacesuit on board. Can you explain the impact of the loss of these items on the ISS and Commercial Crew Programs? And how do you plan to mitigate these impacts? Mr. Gerstenmaier?    Chairman Babin. Thank you. Mr. Elbon?    Chairman Babin. Okay. Thank you. Next question. NASA's Aerospace, and this will be for Mr. Gerstenmaier, NASA's Aerospace Safety Advisory Panel has recommended that as NASA assesses ISS life extension, it should also review the objectives for continued ISS use and clearly articulate them to ensure that the costs and safety risks are balanced. Given that human spaceflight is inherently risky, that risk always needs to be weighed against the value to be gained by the endeavor.    What are NASA's objectives for extending ISS operations through 2024?    Chairman Babin. Okay. Thank you. And then finally, for Mr. Martin, what insight does NASA have into the mishap, investigations being performed by Orbital ATK and SpaceX? Looking back at the Apollo 1 accident, the Challenger accident, and the Columbia accident, do you believe that the investigations have benefitted from an independent review separate from the contractors or the program?    Chairman Babin. Okay. Thank you. And that completes my questions. I now recognize the Ranking Member, Ms. Edwards.    Chairman Babin. Thank you. And now I'd like to recognize Mr. Brooks.    Chairman Babin. Five minutes.    Chairman Babin. Yes, sir. Thank you. And I now recognize the Ranking Member from Texas, Ms. Johnson. Is she here?    Voice. She left.    Chairman Babin. Oh, okay.    Voice. It's Mr. Bera.    Chairman Babin. Mr. Bera from California. I'm sorry.    Chairman Babin. Thank you. Now I'd like to recognize the gentleman from Florida, Mr. Posey.    Chairman Babin. Thank you, and I'd like to now recognize the gentleman from Virginia, Mr. Beyer.    Chairman Babin. Yes, sir. Thank you. Now I'd like to recognize the gentleman from Oklahoma, Mr. Bridenstine.    Chairman Babin. Thank you. And now I'd like to recognize the gentleman from Colorado, Mr. Perlmutter.    Chairman Babin. Thank you, sir. And now I'd like to recognize the gentleman from California, Mr. Knight.    Chairman Babin. Yes, sir. I'd like to recognize the gentleman from Ohio, Mr. Johnson.    Mr. Johnson of Ohio. Well, thank you, folks, and I'm a big fan of space exploration. I'm a big Buck Rogers fan, Star Trek, all of those kinds of things, growing up with them as a kid. I say that jokingly, but I can tell you that sitting in my living room floor between the summer of my ninth- and tenth-grade year and watching Neil Armstrong and Buzz Aldrin land on the moon, it captivated me as it did the rest of the world, and I've never gotten over that. So I have tremendous respect for what you folks do and the discoveries that we're making through our space exploration process.    Mr. Gerstenmaier, just one question for you to start off with. The ISS has not yet been extended by Congress. However, the administration has proposed to extend to 2024. How many of our international partners have agreed to extension? And what steps is NASA taking to build a coalition of our international partners for an extension?    Chairman Babin. Thank you. Now I'd like to recognize the gentleman from California, Mr. Rohrabacher.    Chairman Babin. Thank you. We have just had votes called, and I want to thank the witnesses for their valuable testimony and the members for all their questions. I'd really, if we would have had time, I would have liked to have gone through with a second round, but the record will remain open for two weeks for additional comments and for written questions from members. And it's our hope that the Office of Management and Budget will work more expeditiously with NASA to put together responses to these questions.    The Committee is still waiting for NASA's responses to questions for the Commercial Crew hearing from six months ago. Mr. Gerstenmaier, please send back the message that these delays are not acceptable.    The witnesses are excused, and this hearing is adjourned. Thank you.