    Mr. Roskam. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I would just like to point out a couple of the internal inconsistencies that our friends on the other side of the aisle are making.    Mr. Cummings made a pledge to pursue the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth, and Mr. Smith basically said you are never going to get it, it is impossible. In fact, he said, ``You are never going to get all of the answers. You are never going to get all of the documents.'' That is an internal inconsistency, and they need to work it out.    Now, Ms. Saanchez just made an argument that said, well, certain information would have disposed of a particular question. But had that information been released, it would have made an exact argument that said, this is selective leaking of information.    And to Mr. Cummings' point, to go back and use just a classic straw man argument--you don't hear that that much, and there was really no pretense to it, but the classic straw man argument says, this is the Oversight and Government Reform Committee. No, it is not. It is a completely different committee with a completely different chairman and completely different admonition from the House.    And, really, to characterize this as a partisan process that is glacial in nature, when the majority has accepted the recommendation of the minority, and that is to have the first two subjects at the request of the minority party? Ridiculous. It is ridiculous.    So let's get down to really what this is all about.    Mr. Rubin, thank you for your time today.    I thought it was ironic that you are talking now in terms of the timing of these things, and that is what has everybody concerned, but you are actually speaking in seasons of the year. With some happiness, you said, ``We have produced two witnesses since the fall.'' Isn't that ironic, that you are not speaking in terms of days or weeks or even months, but you are characterizing the timing of the Department of State in terms of seasons of the year?    Now, you have come into this with an opinion, haven't you, based on your past writings? You wrote a piece about politicizing the Benghazi attacks back in October of 2012. Isn't that right?    Mr. Roskam. Let me read the first two paragraphs, and I just want to get your opinion and how that opinion intersects with today.    So you wrote, ``The killing of four American patriots in Benghazi last month was an act of terror. Those four Americans, including the U.S. Ambassador Chris Stevens, represented the best of our country. They put their lives on the line to advance American interests in a volatile region. They deserve the support of their government back home.''    Paragraph 2: ``Instead of getting that support, their deaths are being used as a partisan attack on President Obama, part of a false narrative that the President failed them. What has failed them is our political system. Rather than supporting a serious nonpartisan investigation into what took place and what went wrong, waiting to get all of the facts out, conservatives are trying to affix blame for their deaths for political advantage.''    Now, I recognize, Mr. Rubin, there has been a lot of things coming off of Capitol Hill as it relates to Benghazi, but you don't think that this is a frivolous, partisan investigation, do you?    Mr. Roskam. I understand that.    Mr. Roskam. You don't think----    Mr. Roskam. Mr. Rubin----    Mr. Roskam . Do you think that that is a frivolous, partisan investigation?    Mr. Roskam. Well, you----    Mr. Roskam . State of mind going into accepting responsibility----    Mr. Roskam . At the Department of State. And I am interested in a simple question. Do you think that this investigation is frivolous and partisan? What is your opinion?    Mr. Roskam. Is this frivolous?    Mr. Roskam. Mr. Rubin, is this frivolous? I am asking you an opinion about your opinion about this process today. Is this frivolous, and is this partisan? What is your answer? Can you not----    Mr. Roskam . Give an answer to that simple question?    Mr. Roskam. Mr. Rubin, I thought that was an easy lay-up. I thought it was an easy thing for you to say, no, of course this is serious, and of course this is not partisan, and let's get to it. I find it shocking that you can't give a straight answer to that simple question. And you are not going to give it to me, so let's move on.    I find myself oftentimes translating for people. I will translate back home what is meant by certain language up here. I find it ironic that you work for the State Department and you are in the business of understanding foreign language and you have misinterpreted the language, the graciousness, and the charm of a southern chairman. Because to come in here and to sort of claim that you are gratified that we are pleased with your cooperation, let me translate for you. He is not pleased with your cooperation, he doesn't think that this is going well, and he thinks that you are part of the problem.    Now, you claimed in your original testimony, ``In this role, I serve as the Department's chief liaison to the House, responsible for ensuring that the multitude of foreign-policy issues,'' et cetera, et cetera, et cetera. So your testimony is that you are responsible; is that right?    Mr. Roskam. Mr. Rubin, back in November, November 18th, a season ago, this committee requested the documents, the emails, the communiques, and so forth of 11 of the principals on the seventh floor. You are familiar with that.    Now, I brought my computer here today. And I know it is not the same thing. I don't want to oversimplify it for the sake of being gratuitous. But when I go to my email, which has thousands in it, and I type in something like ``United Airlines,'' for example, and I sort it, dozens and dozens of things come up within the twinkling of an eye.    When can we expect you to use a similar enterprise? Is there a date certain that we can rely on? Because the admonition that you have never said no is ridiculous. To never say no, you don't have to say no. As a dad, when my kids would come to me and I would say--they would ask to do something and I didn't want to do it, I would say, ``Let me think about it.'' You are doing the exact same thing. You are saying, ``We are working on it.''    Do you remember that scene in ``Raiders of the Lost Ark'' at the very end when Indiana Jones goes in and he is talking to the government guy and he says, ``Where is the Ark?'' And the government guy says, ``We have top people working on it.'' And Indiana Jones says, ``What people?'' And the government guy says, ``Top people.''    You are the government guy. You are standing up for ``top people.'' You have to bring your game. You have to be the expediter. You have to be the one that sheds your past opinions about congressional investigations and takes on the job of being an advocate so that we can all get to the bottom of this.    The other side doesn't get to argue in the alternative, that it is not moving fast enough, and they are being passive aggressive by not participating. That just doesn't work, and it is very flatfooted. But what we need from you is a disposition of expedition. That is, recognizing that a chairman is not happy, don't misinterpret the charm and graciousness of the South. I am from Chicago; we have none of that. And we are trying to be very, very direct, and that is to be part of the remedy, Mr. Rubin, to be part of the solution and to get things done.    Mr. Roskam. That is arguing----    Mr. Roskam. No, no. You are making an argument there, Mr. Rubin, that says that these things have to be consecutive requests. They are not consecutive requests. They are concurrent requests. You can walk and chew gum at the same time.    Mrs. Roby made the point, you have 70,000 employees. So to make the admonition of the committee that you have to line up single-file and you are going to be admitted in and we are going to get you this piece of evidence if you ask the right way and you are going to give that piece of evidence, come on, that is an old trick.    Mr. Roskam. Not enough.    Mr. Roskam. A briefing. Come on. We need----    Mr. Roskam. We need the documents of the 11 people on the seventh floor.    Mr. Roskam. We need it promptly. And we----    Mr. Roskam. My time has expired. I yield back.