    Mr. Castro. Thank you, Chairman.    And thank you, gentlemen, for your testimony.    As you know, there was a suicide bomber who attacked Istanbul at about 10:15 a.m. Tuesday morning in Turkey. And because of that, I want to ask a few questions related to Turkey.    And the first one is really a preface question. How effective do you believe or have you seen that Turkey has been to stem the unwanted flow of fighters and goods into and out of their country?    Ambassador Ford. Congressman, it was more or less an open border in 2012 and 2013. The Turks have taken a lot of measures to tighten that border. It is very different from what it was 3 years ago, 4 years ago.    That said, that border is still not completely shut. There are lots of little goat paths and donkey trails that date back hundreds of years. Smugglers know them, and the Turks can know them. But it is a manpower-intensive operation, and the Turks need to assign enough manpower to do it.    Mr. Castro. Secondly, Turkey recently decided to seal its border, create a buffer zone in northern Syria, and allow U.S. aircraft to use the Incirlik Air Base for bombing missions in Iraq and Syria.    What additional role do you foresee Turkey having in the fight against ISIL?    And I ask this question also because of the instability in the region and their recent tension with Russia over the downed jet.    Mr. Castro. And then let me ask you, I know there has been a lot of discussion about how we stop ISIS and other terrorist groups from recruiting folks, whether it is in the region or in Europe or the United States. I think everybody here would agree that terrorism has essentially become a franchise in the Middle East and North Africa and growing in other places in the world.    And so, Mr. Morell, I think you mentioned that there were about 900 cases the FBI is investigating of folks who have been recruited towards terrorism by ISIS.    You know, essentially, have you seen a difference in what Europe is doing to address that problem and what the United States is doing, or a difference between the United States and any other region of the world, with respect to the Internet specifically?    Mr. Castro. Thank you.    The Chairman. Mr. Byrne.