    Mr. Reifsteck. Thank you. Chairman Pitts, Ranking Member Green, and members of the subcommittee, thank you for holding today's hearing. I am John Reifsteck, a grain farmer from Campaign County, Illinois, and chairman of the board of GROWMARK, a regional agricultural cooperative base in Bloomington, Illinois. Our co-op is owned by local member cooperatives and provides input such as seed, fuel, plant nutrients, crop protection products, and grain marketing services.    I appreciate the opportunity to testify before you today on behalf of GROWMARK, the National Council of Farmer Cooperatives, and the Coalition for Safe and Affordable Food. I live in the farmhouse my grandfather built 101 years ago. The farm has sustained three generations of my family. My father and grandfather were good farmers, but the tools and the practices they used in our farm back then would not be good enough to meet the needs of our country and our world today. Instead, each generation of my family has used new technology to build on successes of the past.    Global Positioning System, automatic steering, and biotechnologies are examples of new tools available today that future generations will use to build a better agriculture tomorrow.    I know firsthand the value biotech crops provide for my operation. My farming experiences illustrate this. In the past, I have abandoned parts and fields that were riddled with insect damage or overcome by weeds. Harvesting those fields are not just an economic loss, but it presents a real risk of fiscal harm to my farm employees as did myself.    These are memories I won't forget. They represent past challenges that biotechnology has helped me overcome. I am very proud to say that GROWMARK has been a key part of the solution to these problems. Our affiliated companies and farmer owners have been directly involved with use of biotechnology crops for a number of years. GROWMARK was at the forefront of providing this technology to producers when it first introduced in the 1990s. I have successfully used biotech feeds in my farm since it became available. I believe the rapid adoption of these products reflects an understanding of their value and real-world benefits.    Farmers also realize that crops they grow today benefiting from biotechnology are just as safe and healthy as the crops grown by their parents and their grandparents. This is important to farmers and is providing our customers with safe quality products as our number-one priority.    Biotechnology provides substantial benefits to producers, to the environment, and to consumers. To reverse course now would wreak havoc amongst America's agricultural industry. Make no mistake, that is what a patchwork of biotech labeling laws would represent, an unworkable step backward. A growing concern among farmers and co-op managers is this patchwork would not stop at the State level, but perhaps could extend down to the individual cities, counties and even townships. Food and agricultural companies, including cooperatives like GROWMARK, would have no choice but to comply with hundreds, perhaps even thousands, of varying, if not directly conflicting, labeling laws. A near impossible task for us.    The Safe and Accurate Food Labeling Act introduced to this Congress by Representatives Mike Pompeo and G.K. Butterfield would ensure that the labeling of biotech ingredients of food products is based on consistent standards using sound science. It would allow those who wish to label their products as GMO free to do so by utilizing a verified process offered through the USDA, very similar to that of the Department's successful certified organic program.    I encourage members of this committee and Congress to support the Safe and Accurate Food Labeling Act. This bill would ensure the consumers are provided with accurate and consistent information about the food they purchase while preserving the choices available to grocery shoppers and to our Nation's farmers.    In conclusion, I strongly urge the subcommittee to support a voluntary, uniform, and national standard for labeling food products derived from biotech ingredients. The impact of not taking action would have a devastating effect on food and agricultural companies across the country, as well as farmers whose livelihoods depend on the freedom to conduct their business using the best methods available to them.    Thank you, again, for the opportunity to testify before this committee.    Mr. Reifsteck. Yes.    Mr. Reifsteck. No.    Mr. Reifsteck. No.    Mr. Reifsteck. In my farming operation, actually, GMOs have increased the safety of my farming operation, because they have allowed us to substitute GMO technology for other products that are more dangerous for me to use on my farm.    Mr. Reifsteck. Well, certainly, having to fulfill all the requirements of every state is a difficult, time-consuming, and expensive proposition. As you think about how we grow crops in the United States, we grow corn; we grow soybeans. If we have to identity preserve those crops to make sure they fit into a marketplace, for example, non-GMOs, that adds a tremendous amount of time and expense to the production of those crops because we have to shepherd those all the way from the seed to my farm, to the end user, and that will add cost and expense.    Mr. Reifsteck. Well, I am obviously not qualified to talk about the regulatory process, but I will say that the American farmers do trust our regulatory process. They believe that these products are safe. And they do need a regulatory process that delivers products to farmers in a timely manner to deal with the issues we have to deal with in the future.    Mr. Reifsteck. Please.    I think American farmers have demonstrated they can produce very safe and abundant and inexpensive food. We have a history of doing that. And I think if there is a demand for non-GMO foods, American farmers will respond, and they will produce those non-GMO foods.    Our challenge is we don't want consumers, maybe low-income consumers, to have to pay burdensome costs for a supply chain management program if they are not interested in purchasing non-GMO.    So what this act does, it gives us a pathway. As a farmer, I can decide if I want to grow GMO crops or non-GMO crops. There is a standard that it can enter into the marketplace to give consumers not only the right to know but a right to choose products. And I think that is what is powerful about this legislation.    Mr. Reifsteck. Well, droughts for farmers are years that burn themselves into your memory. 1993--I can go through the list of these droughts. And I tell people the drought of 2012 was different. Because even though we didn't have a good rainfall and because we had very high temperatures, we still had reasonable yields across much of the corn belt.    And it makes sense, if you can protect a plant from damage to the root system, if you can protect the plant from damage to the stems, if you can protect it from weeds, then it can maximize the use of the water that is available.    Mr. Reifsteck. And you do that with biotechnology.    Mr. Reifsteck. Biotechnology is the best solution for those problems I just talked about by far. The safest, most efficient way for me to get those kinds of results is by using biotechnology.    Mr. Reifsteck. What would I have to do to----    Mr. Reifsteck. Well, basically, it would start with the selection of the seed. We would have to buy different kinds of seeds. We would have to make sure that we keep the integrity of that seed, that it only is planted in the field. We would have to do----    Mr. Reifsteck. You would have to stop and clean planters out. You would have to make sure that the right products get incorporated into the field.    Mr. Reifsteck. You would absolutely have to have different silos.    Mr. Reifsteck. You would have to have--the trucks and the harvesting equipment all would have to be cleaned.    Mr. Reifsteck. Absolutely. Absolutely. You would go----    Mr. Reifsteck. You would go to--special elevators where we deliver grain would have special handling equipment that was designed to handle that equipment and keep it segregated. So, yes----    Mr. Reifsteck. Yes.    Mr. Reifsteck. Then that country or company that finds that kernel will decide whether they want that shipment of corn or not. If it is in their favor, they could decide to take it. Or they could decide to reject it.    Mr. Reifsteck. I believe Congress' responsibility is to ensure that American consumers have an accurate, fair, and non-misleading system for labeling foods.    Mr. Reifsteck. That would be my understanding also. I am not an expert on the science behind the food labeling, but that would be my understanding, yes.