    Ms. Plaskett. Thank you. Thank you very much.    Good afternoon, everyone.    I think that it is very interesting--I was listening to Ranking Member Cummings talking about the vulnerability of government contractors and the questions of my colleague Mr. Hurd regarding whether or not companies that have government contracts must keep the same level of security and care that the OPM or other agencies would have to, in terms of preparing for cyber attacks.    Mr. Giannetta, I have a letter that was sent from USIS to Ranking Member Cummings on December 5 of 2014, and the letter says that the Federal agencies have the failure of the company. And I wanted to ask you some assertions that you made in that letter.    In the letter, it says--their counsel wrote that the critical cyber attack defense information only flowed in one direction, from USIS to the government. Is that correct?    Ms. Plaskett. You are qualifying it now. So you are saying that in terms of----    Ms. Plaskett. So, in terms of the cyber defense information, was it one-way or did it go both ways?    Ms. Plaskett. So it was from yours to the others.    What would have, in your estimation, been the requirement of OPM or others towards you?    Ms. Plaskett. So, if you have an issue, you are supposed to let them know, correct?    Ms. Plaskett. And that is what you felt you did.    Ms. Plaskett. And then U-CERT, did U-CERT then--what did they do about that information that you gave them?    Ms. Plaskett. Yes.    Ms. Plaskett. So why does your letter also state that U-CERT has not provided USIS with any sort of briefing regarding information it may have uncovered during the course of its limited review?    Ms. Plaskett. You are here testifying for your company. Your attorney--I am an attorney. I would never write a letter, as an attorney, for a company without the entire company agreeing to that.    Ms. Plaskett. But you are here to testify for the veracity of the letter. Was the letter correct or no?    Ms. Plaskett. Okay. Then let's ask CERT, since they are here.    Ms. Plaskett. That is not a review?    Ms. Plaskett. Okay. Well, let's ask Ms. Barron-DiCamillo.    Can you speak to that?    Ms. Plaskett. How many days did you inform them on a daily basis?    Ms. Plaskett. So that's at least 10 reports that you've given them.    Ms. Plaskett. Through the weekend?    Ms. Plaskett. So that's 14 reports that they were given asserting what the issues were.    Ms. Plaskett. And did you find something, and did you give them ideas about what needed to be done?    Ms. Plaskett. And how did that happen? How did those compromised credentials--what were the two areas that you found within their own system that should have been taken care of previously?    Ms. Plaskett. Can you talk about that, the lack of logging? What is that?    Ms. Plaskett. And why weren't those there?    Ms. Plaskett. It is a risk and a cost decision made by the company itself.    Ms. Plaskett. So the government contractor that we hired to do government work for us decided that a risk and a cost decision on their part did not require them--they didn't put in the logins that were necessary to protect the system.    Ms. Plaskett. So the letter that was sent by USIS to Ranking Member Cummings, would you agree with the assertions that were made there?    Ms. Plaskett. So the logins that were needed for them to be able to go and do a deeper forensic was something that they already knew?    Ms. Plaskett. Yes or no, did they already know?