    Mr. Rohrabacher. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman. Let me agree with Mr. Meeks that this is a very complicated issue and perhaps a lot more complicated than the black and white alternatives that we have been hearing about today.    At one point we have heard that the Ukraine desperately needs economic help, and I would hope that our goal is to do what is right by Ukraine and bring peace to Ukraine and not our goal being to basically defeat and humiliate Russia for actions that it has taken. Because if that is our goal, the people of Ukraine will continue to suffer and suffer and suffer.    Back to the Ukraine desperately needs economic help, this whole incident in history started when the government of what you call the rotten regime that preceded the current Government of Ukraine went to our European allies to ask for help that it desperately needed for its economy. And the deal that was offered by our European allies was not sufficient, and in fact was much less than what the Russians offered them instead.    And when that deal was taken by the rotten regime that you have mentioned, all of a sudden that is when it became so rotten that we no longer, or the people could no longer put up with it. The pivotal moment was when it accepted the deal that was offered by Russia to help them in their desperate economic situation which our European allies were not willing to do. That ignited this situation. That is what turned policies type of situations, and perhaps the overturn of a rotten government through an electoral process into instead the overturn of the rotten regime by violent demonstrations and non-democratic means of overthrowing that regime. Two years later they could have kicked that Yanukovych out with a free election. They didn't wait.    Let me ask you about--okay, so let us hope that what we are doing now is aimed at trying to end the conflict that started in that more complicated way than black and white.    The people are advocating that we send weapons to Ukraine, the defensive weapons. Would any of these weapons be under, do we see any of these weapons becoming part of the arsenal of that part of the Ukrainian army that is financed, which I believe a third of the Ukrainian army now that is in conflict is financed by an oligarch, a private citizen who happens to be a multi-billionaire.    Ambassador Nuland. First of all, Congressman, thank you. I will respectfully take issue with some of the facts that you presented here because----    Mr. Rohrabacher. Please go right ahead. I am happy to do that. That is fine.    Ambassador Nuland. First of all, in the fall of 2013 the reason that folks went to the Maidan was not because money was taken from Russia. It was because former President Yanukovych turned his back on the EU Association Agreement that he had for 6 months been promising his people. It got worse after----    Mr. Rohrabacher. Have you read that agreement?    Ambassador Nuland. I have.    Mr. Rohrabacher. And do you believe that that agreement--I have as well. Do you believe that that agreement was superior to what the Russians were offering?    Ambassador Nuland. Let me speak to that. So in the same period in the fall of 2013 when Yanukovych was talking to the EU about association he was also working with the IMF on an IMF package similar to what was offered later and what we have now. I was working as the U.S. Government's representative to him to try to get him to meet IMF conditions. I had more than 30 hours of meetings with him and declined to meet with----    Mr. Rohrabacher. Excuse me, I only have 25 seconds where they cut me off.    Ambassador Nuland. Okay.    Mr. Rohrabacher. I want to make this point.    Ambassador Nuland. Let me speak to the weapons issue.    Mr. Rohrabacher. It is not your time. They are going to cut me off in 15 seconds. I hope that what we are doing is trying to bring peace to the Ukrainians and not to humiliate the Russians. And there is a lot of people--and I understand, I was a big Cold Warrior as well. Our goal should be to try to have peace in that part of the world, not to try to humiliate Russia again and again and again. There is too many people being killed out there.    And I would hope that with decentralization which seems to be accepted by both sides that that area of eastern Ukraine can remain part of Ukraine even though that now we have this separatist violence going on that with promise of decentralization and respect for everybody's rights and an end to the violence that we can end this situation.    And that should be our goal and I would hope that we don't get caught up in trying to reestablish a Cold War with Russia because we have so many people who have grudges. And by the way I understand that. Russians during the Cold War murdered how many Ukrainians, but our goal shouldn't be right now to make them pay for that what they did during Stalin's era, but bring peace to that region. And I would hope that we could work together on that. I am sorry but they are going to cut me off right now.