    Mr. Mullin. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I'm going to follow up on your questions, too.    Even after we got the information that anthrax had been basically not kept good records on and it had been shipped around, being used for experiments, people not knowing where they're at.    Once you discovered this you decided to do an inventory and look for anthrax, if any more had taken place. And specifically, NIH limited the search to only anthrax. Why was this?    Mr. Mullin. When did you expand that?    Mr. Mullin. What was the discovery of that?    Mr. Mullin. What did you discover in that? Because when you started searching for anthrax you found other cases even after it was revealed that it wasn't properly followed and the procedures wasn't followed. You found other issues with anthrax. So what else did you find?    Mr. Mullin. But what else did you discover? Other than anthrax what else was being improperly labeled and shipped around without the knowledge of NIH?    Mr. Mullin. Mr. Tabak, just please help me here with your knowledge. We're talking about very serious consequences if this gets out, and to your knowledge you can't give me a definite answer?    We're talking about serious diseases. We're talking about things that could be used against us. We're talking about if they leaked out it could have serious consequences throughout areas of contact.    And you're telling me your knowledge. I'm asking for specifics.    Mr. Mullin. Is it classified? Is that why you can't give me----    Mr. Mullin. OK. So the response--that's what I'm trying to get to. And, sir, I mean absolutely no disrespect. But as something as this serious I would think you would have definite answers for.    Mr. Mullin. I apologize with that.    Mr. Mullin. So what caused you guys to open the research and search for further information. After you had simply opened it up for anthrax, what led you to decide, hey, let's look farther into this?    Mr. Mullin. Do you have any additional cases showed up with anthrax?    Mr. Mullin. That were unaccounted for, 30? Thirty in one laboratory?    Mr. Mullin. Was this due to procedures not being followed or procedures not in place?    Mr. Mullin. Thank you. I look forward to your response on the other one too. Thank you for getting back to me and Mr. Chairman, I'll yield back.