    Mr. DeSantis. Thank you Madam Chairman.    Mr. Sazegara, when you joined the Islamic Revolution in 1979, you were there it seemed to be from, I read your bio, about 10 years before you left?    Mr. DeSantis. 1988, is that when you left government?    Mr. DeSantis. So did you change or was it the regime that changed?    Mr. DeSantis. So at the time you were, in 1979, because as I remember that time or think about the time, I was just a kid but there was dissatisfaction with the Shah, but there were a lot of people who didn't want an Islamic Revolution. They wanted a secular revolution. They just didn't want to have that ruling elite in power, and then obviously you had the Mullahs who wanted a Sharia revolution. So were you expecting a Sharia revolution or did you just think you would remove the Shah and have a chance to have a better Iran?    Mr. DeSantis. So it was a perfect storm for you.    Mr. DeSantis. So what did you think when the Ayatollah started to fund and support groups like Hezbollah in Lebanon that would conduct terrorist attacks?    Mr. DeSantis. And so that was a natural outgrowth to have outposts in Lebanon where you would have people who could conduct operations?    Mr. DeSantis. So an attack such as the attack that was conducted on the U.S. Marines in Beirut in 1983, that would have been just a basic application of their revolutionary mindset, correct?    Mr. DeSantis. So let me ask you now, fast forward, clearly this regime is one of the most repressive in the world. There was a chance it seemed in 2009 with the Green Movement where there were a lot of people who were really brave to express their dissatisfaction.    The administration here in the United States made the decision that that was not something that they wanted to support. I think the reason was because they thought that that would jeopardize their ability to have a constructive relationship with the Ayatollah.    The President has written the Ayatollah a number of letters. I think that was a mistake. I think that we need to be supporting groups who are challenging the regime and standing up for human rights in Iran. Do you agree that the United States should have been supportive of the Green Movement?    Mr. DeSantis. Right.    Mr. DeSantis. I have been frustrated, and I know that my friend from Florida, the chairman, has mentioned this that there is this, really, just lust to kind of have a kind of ``deal'' about these nukes. And a lot of us don't think that is going to be effective, but it will allow the administration to wave a sheet of paper. But because they are so eager bending over backwards to try to get a deal, they are really turning a blind eye to some of these human rights problems even more so than they had been doing previously.    But with respect to this deal, Iran is one of the most energy-rich countries in the world. What do they need nuclear power for in terms of for peaceful purposes? I mean it just seems to me that you could see like France or some of these other countries that don't have access to energy, they have hundreds of years of energy reserves and they haven't even started fracking yet. So are you skeptical that they will use it for peaceful purposes?    Mr. DeSantis. Mr. Arya?    Mr. DeSantis. Right.    Mr. DeSantis. And so if you have freedom fighters and people who want to have an Iran in which individual liberty is respected, Iran has an advantageous deal where they can go nuclear, you are making it way more difficult that those forces of progress will succeed, correct?    Mr. DeSantis. One final. In terms of the nuclear ambitions, I agree with you. I mean it defies logic that they would do this stuff unless they wanted a military application. Because the losses that they have incurred to use it for peaceful energy, I mean they have the energy, and so you are 100 percent right about that.    And I agree with you about the insurance aspect, and there are a lot of reasons why they would want to do it. What about the offensive use of nuclear weapons? People have said that they have said over and over again that they would like to eliminate Israel from the map. They obviously say death to America a lot.    And while there are other countries who may be hostile to our allies or to us, we do have this deterrent capability, because obviously we have nuclear weapons and other countries may have them, but in the case of Iran, if they could take a potshot and take out Tel Aviv, let's say, and kill millions of Jews, they know they would get hit on return in Tehran or wherever and lose maybe more than a few million Iranians. But from their ideology they would say that they are hastening the return maybe of the Twelfth Imam, the people who are killed in Iran would be going straight to paradise.    So do you think that them with nukes with that ideology, is that something that is a little bit different from some of the other nuclear powers that we have seen in the past whether it is the Soviet Union, whether it is North Korea, which is crazy but they do want to keep themselves in power, and they are Communists so they don't believe in an afterlife.    Mr. DeSantis. They were responsible for killing hundreds of U.S. service members.    Mr. DeSantis. So what in the Congress, and everyone can opine on this. What do you recommend that we do? I know there are things geopolitically with how we would confront Iran and some of their proxies. But in terms of empowering opposition, empowering people who want a different, a better Iran, because I definitely know that although the regime is one of the most oppressive in the world there are millions of Iranians who are chafing under this and I think could be natural allies of ours. So what do you recommend that the Congress can do to empower those elements and ultimately to make Iran a better place?    Mr. DeSantis. You guys want to chime in? What do you advise us to do?    Mr. DeSantis. Mr. Vance, you want to weigh in?    Mr. DeSantis. Great. Well, I appreciate the witnesses. Really a lot of good information and a lot of good insights. So I thank you for coming.