    Mr. Scott. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, ma'am, General Breedlove. General, thank you for joining me at Robins Air Force Base a couple of weeks ago. We have picked up all the Georgia Tech stickers and tags that we handed out prior to your arrival, but should you choose to come back, we will be more than willing to hand them out again. And I hope you will. I hope you will join us at Robins or at Moody, but I know you are busy.    And I want to talk about one of the platforms that flies out of Robins Air Force Base right now, if I can, and that is the JSTARs . We have worked to recapitalize that program over the last several years. The Air Force has asked for that. Certainly, want to continue that.    The new budget submission provides funding to keep the five additional E-8Cs that were scheduled for divestment to recapitalize the fleet. And just like to hear the battle management command and control capabilities of that system, how they have benefited in the current fights that we are in, that you are directly in control of and that capability.    And then again, making sure that--understanding the needs of that platform. We are going to continue with the recapitalization of it to get that ISR platform that--not only us, but our allies' needs in these fights.    General Breedlove. Congressman, thanks for that. And I will refrain from the Georgia-Georgia Tech discussion.    Clearly, the capabilities of this aircraft are key and essential to everything that we do. The ability not only to have some command and control capability aloft but the other part of the mission and looking at the ground, et cetera, et cetera. So we are--as I would say that every COCOM that sits here in front of you would tell you that these are capabilities we need into the future to be able to do not only our ISR business, but our command and control.    Mr. Scott. Do you consider it urgent? Would that be an appropriate word to use with regard to----    General Breedlove. I think that the demonstration of how fiercely we compete to have that capability in our theater points to how needed it is. It is a requirement we need.    Mr. Scott. Well, I look forward to working with you to expand that capability. And thank you for your support of Robins.    Ma'am, I want to talk about our NATO allies for a second. One of my primary concerns as a husband and a father is that when I look at our overall budget picture, within 5 years the net interest on our national debt will exceed what we spend on national security. And I look at what our NATO partners are committed to contribute towards what I would consider global security, and I look at what they are contributing and they are not living up to their end of the bargain, if you will.    What do we need to do differently to explain to them that while we as the United States want to be a good partner, we are perfectly willing to take the lead, we are perfectly willing to, on a dollar share, put more in because our economy is stronger, but we can't carry all of the weight. How do we get our NATO partners to put in what they committed to put in?    Mr. Scott. M'aam.    Mr. Scott. I am out of time. If I could finish with one statement, Mr. Chairman, if you would indulge me. We can push whoever we need to out of a territory. We, as the United States with our allies. But at some point somebody has got to hold that territory. It is a big world. We can't hold it all. And if our NATO allies aren't putting in their share so that they can hold their own territory--and I recognize the Ukraine is not NATO, with us, but they have to be able to hold their own territory. We can't hold every country for them.    The Chairman. Ms. Gabbard.