    Dr. Fedoroff. Chairman Conway, Representative Peterson, Members of the Committee, thank you for the opportunity to testify before you today. I am Nina Federoff. I am a Professor of Plant Molecular Biology and Genetics. I have had 35 years of experience with GM techniques. I am a member of the U.S. National Academy of Sciences and a National Medal of Science Laureate. I served as Science and Technology Adviser to Secretaries of State Condoleeza Rice and Hillary Clinton. I authored a book titled Mendel in the Kitchen: A Scientist's View of Genetically Modified Foods.    I am here to tell you why mandatory labeling of foods containing GM ingredients will not help Americans make healthful food choices. More than that, I will tell you why such labels could well undermine humanity's efforts to achieve food security.    Now a recent poll, Pew poll, of scientists and the public gave startling results: Only 37 percent of the public believes GMOs are safe as compared with almost 90 percent of scientists.    So why are scientists convinced? GM crops have been in commercial production for almost 20 years. They have an impeccable safety record and multiple environmental benefits. They have boosted farmers' incomes and reduced consumer prices. These are the facts, and they have been documented in independent studies referenced in my written testimony.    Scientific academies around the world concur that modern methods of genetic modification are as safe as those used by previous generations of plant and animal breeders.    Now, until the development of modern GM techniques, breeders had to depend on either rare natural or more recently induced mutations--that is just another term for genetic modifications--to develop better crops. Today we know enough about genes to introduce a desired trait into an already highly productive plant or animal without the undesirable downsides of older methods.    Now it is worth pointing out as the Chairman did that the history of plant and animal genetic modification extends back more than 10,000 years. We created corn, not Mother Nature. We created big, luscious heirloom tomatoes. Mother Nature's are tiny and can be deadly.    Now the FDA just approved Simplot's GM potato that won't turn brown after you cut it, and more importantly, it contains less of a natural amino acid that turns into the toxic compound acrylamide when the potatoes are French fried in hot oil. These potatoes will be more healthful and less wasteful. But today, more than 60 percent of Americans believe that GMOs are unsafe and probably wouldn't choose to buy them.    Now why is that? The reasons lie in the increasingly strident efforts of determined anti-GMO activists to convince the public that GMOs are bad. Some of these folks are--most prominent among these are the NGOs, such as Greenpeace, and marketers of organic foods. A recent, meticulously researched organic marketing report documents how organic marketers have progressively demonized GMOs while advancing organically grown foods as more healthful than conventionally grown food.    Now some of these folks and many other kinds of anti-GMO activists have openly stated that labeling will help them drive GMOs out of the market. Now, the facts are these: Organic produce is no more nutritious than conventionally grown produce. It is more expensive because organic farming is land-inefficient and labor-intensive. The organic industry's false and misleading marketing is a primary reason why consumers believe GMOs are bad and organic food is good. Attaching a GM label provides no consumer benefit since GM foods are as safe and nutritious as their non-GM counterparts. But attaching a label will send the false message that there is something to worry about because the FDA's labels are there to alert consumers to food ingredients with health implications.    Now my final point is that there are serious humanitarian implications should the current GMO vilification efforts succeed in driving GM technology out of agriculture. Global agricultural productivity increases are even now lagging behind population growth, and that is without figuring in the increasingly negative impacts of climate warming.    Now the future lies in agricultural intensification. We will need to produce more crop per drop of water and square meter of land. Genetic modification of plants, in which the United States currently leads, will be the key to feeding the nine or ten billion people we expect for dinner in just a few decades. We cannot afford to discard the best methods we have ever invented to continue growing the food supply and doing it more sustainably.    Thank you very much.    Dr. Fedoroff. I would hope we could do a better job because the label, genetically modified is, as several people have pointed out, misleading. We have been genetically modifying crops and animals for many thousands of years.    I think that Mr. Schmidt's suggestions are very good ones. Biotechnology is a little bit less of a negative buzzword.    Dr. Fedoroff. What people don't realize that it is in the 20th century we used chemical mutagens and radiation to hasten the mutation process. So there isn't back then just breeding and now this artificial method. That is one point. The second point is that people have looked at the amount of genetic change that accompanies using these different techniques, and the evidence supports the conclusion that these are the safest and least-disturbing techniques, whether you are looking at the genetics or the epigenetics. That is the kind of control level of genetic expression.    So these really are the best techniques, the least disturbing, having the lowest probability of causing a problem that we have ever developed.    Dr. Fedoroff. I am glad to address that. That is not based on any new data, and it is not the case that there have been many, many studies on glyphosate. We do have an Environmental Protection Agency, and they require considerable testing. So the organization has labeled it as----    Dr. Fedoroff. Possible carcinogen doesn't mean anything has changed or any new data has been produced.    Dr. Fedoroff. If there is evidence that it is a carcinogen, yes. I think that is correct. But there have been so many studies over the years on this particular compound that have failed to identify any carcinogenic potential that for one group to say, ``Oh, well, it just might be, then do we put that on a label?'' I mean, this doesn't make any sense.    The Chairman. The gentleman's time has expired. Mr. Gibson, for 5 minutes.    Dr. Fedoroff. Maybe I would just like to make a point that addresses Mr. Clarkson's comment about how do we decide. In science we have a concept called the weight of the evidence. If you have two studies and one says something is dangerous and one says it is not, you don't know what to decide. If ten studies say it is not dangerous and one study says it does, you have a pretty good chance of believing that one. If 100 studies or 1,000 studies say it is not dangerous and one still keeps saying it is dangerous, you are very comfortable going with the weight of the evidence, which is on safety.    Now, in this particular area of GMO, one study often gets disproportionate attention. There is a famous study by a man by the name of Seralini who claimed that glyphosate caused tumors in rats. The study was retracted. The data were terrible, but that dominates people's thinking. Should we bow to that or should we go with the weight of the evidence?    Dr. Fedoroff. Yes, I would like to address it. Today we produce enough calories to feed everyone in the world a reasonable number, and it is a matter of unequal distribution of resources. Today if you have the money, you can buy food. We are looking at a future where we do not know what the impact of climate change will be. It is already negatively impacting our productivity worldwide.    There are still places in the world that productivity can be increased by conventional methods, but in the end, if we want to reduce the footprint of agriculture even further--and conventional breeding and mutagenic breeding has done a phenomenal job of reducing the required acreage to grow a certain amount of food. In the future, the real barrier is the ability of plants to collect sunlight and drive, to convert--it uses sunlight to convert air and water into foodstuffs. In the next breakthrough, the next big breakthrough has to be in the efficiency of photosynthesis. We can't do that by conventional techniques. We will have to understand, we will have to use all of the science tools that we have including genetic modification of plants to make the next big breakthrough that will allow us to reduce the footprint, make agriculture more sustainable, and yet continue to increase the food supply.    Dr. Fedoroff. Yes. They are very much more precise because in the last half-century, we have learned more about what genes are, what they do, what they do in a different context than we ever knew before. So in a way, we were stumbling blind. We used chemicals and radiation kind of as a shotgun. Now we can take just one gene, we know what it does, or half-a-dozen genes. It doesn't matter. But it is a small number of very well-defined genes that will confer new properties on plants and animals. This is something we never could do before.    Now, does that mean that we will never create a plant or an animal that is substantially different from what was before? No. So regulation really needs to be based on the properties of the organism, the environment it is going into, and what is being added. And all of that, I have to--I can't resist pointing out that that is exactly what the National Academy of Sciences recommended in 1987.    Dr. Fedoroff. My view is that if more information were provided, if the law stipulated that you had to put together a lot more information to offer the consumer, then it would depend on who was doing it, how it was done, how accurate it was, and so forth.    Dr. Fedoroff. Let me just add to that that many of the products--since I know what GMOs are on the market and what are not, many of the products that they are attaching that label to today are not genetically engineered, never have been. Okay? So it is basically deceptive marketing.    Dr. Fedoroff. Are there risks?    Dr. Fedoroff. To choose organic?    Dr. Fedoroff. Indeed. We share our pathogens with animals, and the primary tenant of organic farming is a prohibition on synthetic nitrogen fertilizers. They use green manure or cow manure or other manures.    Dr. Fedoroff. Okay? And as I said, we share our pathogens with animals. And a number of the food poisoning incidents are coming out of organic farming. The outbreak that killed some 50 people in Europe a couple of years ago was traced to organic beansprouts.    Dr. Fedoroff. And this is something that people are just simply not aware of.    Dr. Fedoroff. Now, properly treated manure is safe, but there is always that probability because there is no uniformity to that treatment.    Dr. Fedoroff. And of course, corn would be totally unnatural by any definition because we created it.    Dr. Fedoroff. Federoff.    Dr. Fedoroff. Indeed. This is the pith hole that needs to be addressed by scientists across the board. That includes physicists and psychologists and economists and so forth. If you polled the claims of biologists who have used these techniques, you will be closer to 100 percent.    But that is not the issue. I think as Mr. Schmidt identified, it is more about communication. And the problem is that our current system which has very big regulatory costs to get a GM product to market prevents academic scientists, scientists in public research institutions, from getting genetically modified----    Dr. Fedoroff. You bet.    Dr. Fedoroff. Correct.    Dr. Fedoroff. Absolutely. But let us just talk about here in the United States. If we could manage to make the process less onerous based on the accumulation of almost 40 years of research now, it would be possible to vet genetically modified fruits and vegetables. So a colleague of mine in England has developed a beautiful wine red tomato which is better for you because it has the same kinds of compounds in it that you have in blackberries and blueberries which are good for you. When people----    Dr. Fedoroff. Okay. So familiarity, we don't have those----    Dr. Fedoroff. Okay. Let me try to summarize it really quickly. So to begin with, you have to identify the gene that you want to introduce. You have to introduce it into the organism. This is not a trivial process for a plant such as corn. You make a lot of these, put them in the greenhouse, figure out which ones and you take bits of the plant and you analyze it genetically by DNA sequencing and so forth. But then you have to check everything from testing the product of the gene for toxicity and allergenicity to putting together all of the dossiers that are required by the various agencies that need to approve that product. In some cases it has to be the EPA, the FDA, and the USDA.    Dr. Fedoroff. Okay? And in the case of animals, genetically modified animals, like AquaBounty salmon, it is even more onerous because the FDA has decided to regulate them like drugs.    Dr. Fedoroff. None.    Mr. Yoho.--of a product.    Dr. Fedoroff. There are occasional----    Dr. Fedoroff. None.    Dr. Fedoroff. Yes.    Mr. Yoho.--so everybody heard that. None.    Dr. Fedoroff. None. There are occasional anecdotal reports.    Dr. Fedoroff. Very often, the publication is retracted or never gets published but gets into the social media and Internet and stuff.    Dr. Fedoroff. You bet.    Dr. Fedoroff. Only that the preponderance of studies shows it to be safe and not carcinogenic. The current ruling of the UN body, the cancer, IARC or something like that, is not based on any new information.    The Chairman. Okay. The overall weight, just to be crystal clear, the overall weight, the preponderance of the evidence, is that--and I am going to get with Mr. Schmidt. I want to use your bioengineered, genetically engineered--the weight, Dr. Federoff, is that it is safe and that it is--I am just using in reference to Mr. Schmidt because he told me to use something other than GMO because that is fairly pejorative.    Voice. He wants you to----    The Chairman. Let us just stay with you, Dr. Federoff. The preponderance of the science is that bioengineered--    Dr. Fedoroff. The food----    The Chairman.--processing is safe.    Dr. Fedoroff. The current biotechnologically altered food crops and potentially animals are as safe as their non-GM counterparts.    The Chairman. All right.    Dr. Fedoroff. I am afraid that GM label is going to stick. It is the fastest thing to call it.    The Chairman. I got you. Well, again, we thank the panel for coming today and spending your time with us. Ms. Lidback, I hope it doesn't repeat your experience from last year, and if it does, well, it is a shame. It is unfortunate, because we could all have differences of opinion. Dr. Federoff, you said those opinions ought to be based in fact. We don't have any requirement for that, but it ought to be the case, and we hope that this hearing today sheds some light on a really important issue.    Well, for those on the Committee, the record of today's hearing will remain open for 10 calendar days to receive additional material and supplementary written responses from the witnesses to any questions posed by a Member. This hearing of the Committee on Agriculture is adjourned.