    Mr. DOLD. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Goss, we certainly appreciate you coming in and testifying before us today.    I think the common theme that you are hearing from everybody is that we are looking to try to figure out in a bipartisan way how we can move forward. How do we make this solvent? And as you were talking to my colleague, Mr. Rice, for 75 years. So when you say, what do we want? We want something solvent for 75 years.    And as we look out there, you say, well, we are not really responsible for coming up with ideas. Frankly, you are the ones that are living it each and every day. You know the ideas that are going to work, the ideas that potentially aren't going to work.    So let me put you back on the hot seat for just a little bit. Out of the 100 proposals that you have seen out there, there have to be a couple that have risen to the top. And, again, Mr. Becerra is here representing the other side of the aisle, I am sure he is interested also in ways that we can try to make this solvent. Because the one thing that we do know is life expectancy when Social Security was enacted was significantly lower than it is today.    Do you know what the life expectancy was when Social Security was enacted, roughly?    Mr. DOLD. Life expectancy when Social Security actually came into the fold.    Mr. DOLD. So we are living a lot longer lives for many different reasons. And ultimately what that means is it puts additional pressure on us, largely because, again, we have a labor force participation rate, which as Mr. Kelly pointed out to us, is the economic engine that is actually funding Social Security today.    My question to you, as we look at this--and back in the 10th District in Illinois we have about 105,000 people that are on Social Security, a little over 83,000 of those are over 65. And is there a way that we can be focusing, as opposed to an across-the-board increase, on ones that we can help, perhaps those that need it most, some of the lower-income earners? Have you seen some of the proposals that are intriguing out of the 100 that you have listed on the website that might be helpful?    Mr. DOLD. Mr. Goss, you mentioned before in terms of raising that age from 67 in 2022. What does raising the age by an additional year do to expanding it from what it is now, insolvency at 2034?    Mr. DOLD. Mr. Goss, we certainly look forward to working with you in a bipartisan way, because we know that the longer we wait, the fewer options that we have. And we certainly need to talk about solvency, because we have too many people that are relying on Social Security for a vast majority of their income in retirement.    Thank you. I yield back.