    Mr. Barletta. The subcommittee will come to order. At our first hearing in the 114th Congress, I stated that my top emergency management priority was pursuing life-saving and cost-reducing disaster legislation and launching a public policy debate about the costs of disasters, in the terms of both the loss of property and human life.    We followed that hearing with several roundtables to help us understand what disasters cost this country, who pays those costs, and whether the problem is getting better or worse. Early last year, Ranking Member Carson and I introduced the FEMA Disaster Assistance Reform Act to call for the first comprehensive assessment of disaster costs and losses in over 20 years. We also wanted to reform several disaster assistance programs to make them more efficient and more effective. In February the House passed this FEMA legislation and we hope the Senate will take up H.R. 1471 and pass it soon.    The purpose of today's hearing is to discuss what we have learned so far and begin exploring potential solutions, particularly the principles that should be driving those solutions. While there are significant variations from year to year, we have found that disaster losses have grown considerably over the past three decades. As a result, the private sector and Government are spending an ever increasing amount of money on disasters. FEMA alone has obligated more than $178 billion since 1989 for over 1,300 Presidential disaster declarations.    In addition, the number of Federal disasters is going up.    Take a look at this graph that shows the steady increase in the number of Presidential disaster declarations since 1953.    Mr. Barletta. Many have suggested, including the Government Accountability Office, that the growth in the number of disaster declarations may be causing the increase in Federal disaster costs. But when we had the Congressional Research Service look more closely at the data, they found the growth in declaration is driven by small disasters and they represent a very small part of Federal disaster spending.    Mr. Barletta. In fact, 75 percent of all declared disasters account for only 7 percent of costs. In other words, we could eliminate three-quarters of all federally declared disasters and barely cut 7 percent of Federal disaster spending. I would argue the amount saved by eliminating those disaster declarations certainly would not outweigh the benefit those declarations provide to helping our smaller, remote communities respond to and recover from disasters.    In order to understand why disaster costs are going up, we need to look at the big disasters, since that is where over 90 percent of the money goes. Since we started looking into this issue, we have also found the role of the Federal Government in covering disaster losses has increased.    As we can see here, Federal disaster spending as a share of total disaster losses has grown from 23 percent during Hurricane Hugo in 1989 to 80 percent during Hurricane Sandy in 2012.    Mr. Barletta. In recent years, significant disaster aid has been provided outside of FEMA's disaster assistance programs.    The charts show how disaster aid programs outside FEMA have grown. In fact, for Hurricane Sandy, there was less FEMA assistance than from either the Department of Housing and Urban Development or the Department of Transportation. We found that these additional disaster aid programs don't have the same requirements and restrictions as the FEMA assistance.    Mr. Barletta. FEMA assistance is tied to actual disaster damage, and is for individuals, governmental entities or certain nonprofits performing government-like functions. FEMA only spends money on eligible items for eligible applicants, no matter how much money FEMA receives. FEMA mitigation funds must be used on cost-beneficial projects to ensure the Federal investment is a wise one. FEMA makes every effort to get money into the hands of applicants as fast as possible to enable rapid recovery from disaster impacts.    In the most recent data provided by the Sandy Program Management Office from March 2016, it appears that these agencies have been slow in awarding and especially paying out funds.    Mr. Barletta. Based on this data, only one-third of the CDBG-DR funds have been dispersed and only 13 percent of the FTA funds have been paid out. Now, this may be worth looking into in greater detail, and it certainly shows why a comprehensive look into disaster spending, as well as costs and losses, is needed. In an era of growing Government debt, we need to ensure Federal spending is necessary and cost-effective.    Right after I became a Member of Congress in 2011, my own district was hit hard by Hurricane Irene and Tropical Storm Lee. I remember in Bloomsburg a family stayed in their home to try to move their possessions to an upper floor. But Fishing Creek rose too quickly. The house next to theirs was knocked from its foundation. Water started gushing through their front windows as they called for help. They had to be saved by a helicopter. The woman there told me she can never live in that home again.    I will never forget that preparing for natural disasters is about more than the loss of possessions; it's our friends' and neighbors' lives that could be at stake if we do not plan in advance. As we were rebuilding, I was amazed that much of the Federal assistance was to rebuild in the same place in the same way, leaving people vulnerable to the next storm.    The Federal Government has a responsibility to respond after a disaster, but we also have a duty to be good stewards of the taxpayer dollar. I look forward to the conversations we will have today, the ideas we are going to hear about, and taking the next steps to reduce the costs of disasters, and I thank you all for being here.    I ask unanimous consent that Members not on this subcommittee be permitted to sit with the subcommittee at today's hearing, offer testimony, and ask questions.    And with that, I now call on the ranking member of the subcommittee, Mr. Carson, for a brief opening statement.    Mr. Barletta. Thank you, Ranking Member Carson. We will have two panels of witnesses today. On our first panel we have our fellow subcommittee member, Carlos Curbelo from Florida. As someone from south Florida, Representative Curbelo knows all too well the risks posed by natural hazards, the rising cost of disasters, and the efforts that have proven successful in Florida to incentivize mitigation measures and smart behaviors. Congressman Curbelo has been a leader in this area and a great advocate for his constituents in south Florida.    On our second panel we will be joined by the Honorable Joseph Nimmich, the Deputy Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency, or FEMA, who has been working on ways to reduce the cost of disasters and build resilience in communities to avoid disaster losses.    Ms. Sallie Clark, commissioner of El Paso County, Colorado; she is here in her capacity as president of the National Association of Counties.    Mr. Bryan Koon, director of the Florida Division of Emergency Management, and the president of the National Emergency Management Association; he is here to talk with us about his experience, as well as help us see things from a State perspective.    Mr. Eric Nelson, senior vice president, catastrophe risk management for the Travelers Companies, Inc., representing the BuildStrong Coalition.    Mr. Kevin Mickey, chair of the Multihazard Mitigation Council of the National Institute of Building Sciences.    I ask unanimous consent that our witnesses' full statements be included in the record.    Mr. Barletta. Without objection, so ordered. We had hoped that Chief David Paulison, the former Administrator of FEMA, would be able to join us, but he had other commitments. I do have a written statement for the record from Administrator Paulison. I thank him and the BuildStrong Coalition for their input on these important topics, and I ask unanimous consent that this statement be included for the record.    Mr. Barletta. Without objection, so ordered.    For our witnesses here, since your written testimony has been made a part of the record, the subcommittee would request that you limit your oral testimony to 5 minutes.    Congressman Curbelo, you may proceed.    Mr. Barletta. Thank you for your testimony, Congressman Curbelo. I will now begin the first round of questions, limited to 5 minutes for each Member. If there are any additional questions following the first round, we will have additional rounds of questions, as needed.    While we usually do not have questions for Members of Congress, Mr. Sires is an original cosponsor of Mr. Curbelo's legislation, and has a few questions.    Mr. Barletta. Thank you. Are there any questions? Mr. Costello? No.    Ranking Member Carson?    Mr. Barletta. If not, then we thank you very much for your testimony. Your comments have been helpful to today's discussion.    We will now call our second panel. I remind you of the subcommittee's request to limit your oral testimony to 5 minutes. And we will give everyone the chance to be seated.    Mr. Barletta. Thank you very much. Deputy Administrator Nimmich, you may proceed.    Mr. Barletta. Thank you for your testimony, Deputy Administrator Nimmich.    Commissioner Clark, you may proceed.    Mr. Barletta. Thank you for your testimony, Ms. Clark.    Mr. Koon, you may proceed.    Mr. Barletta. Thank you for your testimony, Mr. Koon.    Mr. Nelson, you may proceed.    Mr. Barletta. Thank you for your testimony, Mr. Nelson.    Mr. Mickey, please proceed.    Mr. Barletta. Thank you for your testimony, Mr. Mickey.    I will now begin the first round of questions, limited to 5 minutes for each Member. If there are additional questions following the first round, we will have additional rounds of questions, as needed.    Deputy Administrator Nimmich, why are the big disasters costing so much money now, and what factors do you think are driving this change?    And then I would also like to hear Mr. Koon and Mr. Nelson's thoughts on that.    Mr. Barletta. Mr. Koon, Mr. Nelson?    Mr. Barletta. Mr. Koon?    Mr. Barletta. Deputy Administrator Nimmich, we continue to see new disaster aid programs emerge ad hoc in reaction to disasters. They all seem to have different rules and requirements and do not seem well coordinated or focused on obtaining the best outcomes.    Don't FEMA programs contain strict requirements on eligibility, use, and cost effectiveness? And are you aware if other agency disaster programs include such requirements? And is this something that Congress should take a look at, so that we can streamline these programs and ensure that they are cost effective?    Mr. Barletta. Now I recognize Ranking Member Carson for 5 minutes.    Mr. Barletta. Thank you, Ranking Member Carson.    Mr. Graves, you have 5 minutes.    Mr. Graves of Louisiana. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Administrator Nimmich, who is in charge within the Federal Government of our national efforts in terms of community resilience? Which agency?    Mr. Barletta. Thank you.    Mr. Sires?    Mr. Barletta. Thank you. I will now begin a second round of questions.    Commissioner Clark, I understand your district had major wildfires that destroyed a tremendous number of homes and property. Can you explain some of the challenges you have had trying to mitigate the risk of post-fire flooding? And do you have any recommendations for Congress to improve our mitigation programs?    Mr. Barletta. We talked a lot today about how much the Federal Government pays out for disasters. But the other major payers in disasters are insurance companies.    Mr. Nelson, can you discuss how insured losses generally compare to the Federal assistance provided in the wake of a disaster?    Mr. Barletta. Every one of you mentioned the importance of mitigation and how evidence shows that for every $1 invested, $4 is saved. Most Federal mitigation funding is provided through the Hazard Mitigation Grant Program after a disaster declaration.    I ask this of every one of you on the panel, if you could give a brief answer. How can we more proactively address the mitigation and shift the investment to before the catastrophe?    Mr. Barletta. Ms. Clark?    Mr. Barletta. Thank you.    Mr. Koon?    Mr. Barletta. Thank you.    Mr. Nelson?    Mr. Barletta. Mr. Mickey?    Mr. Barletta. Thank you.    Ranking Member Carson?    Mr. Barletta. OK. Mr. Graves?    Mr. Graves of Louisiana. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Nimmich, the Biggert-Waters 12 directs FEMA to incorporate simulations of climate change into some of the estimates that you develop in regard to premiums. Could you discuss how FEMA is doing that, and how you are addressing uncertainties in regard to climate models?    Mr. Barletta. Thank you. And I think Mr. Graves made a good point earlier, that Congress needs to look across the Federal Government, including levees and flood control projects, when we try to bend the cost curve of disasters. The disaster cost study in our FEMA authorization bill should help and make such recommendations to Congress.    And I also want to thank Administrator Fugate for the disaster deductible proposal. I don't know if it is the right solution, but we need a vigorous debate and innovative ideas if we are to drive down losses and not just shift costs between payers.    And I want to thank you all for your testimony. Your comments today have been helpful in our discussion. If there are no further questions, I would ask unanimous consent that the record of today's hearing remain open until such time as our witnesses have provided answers to any questions that may be submitted to them in writing, and unanimous consent that the record remain open for 15 days for any additional comments and information submitted by Members or witnesses to be included in the record of today's hearing.    Mr. Barletta. Without objection, so ordered.    I would like to thank our witnesses again for their testimony today. If no other Members have anything to add, this subcommittee stands adjourned.