    Mr. Griffith. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And I appreciate having 5 minutes, but I wish I had a lot more. I would like to get the information that Mrs. Blackburn asked for earlier in regard to the money as it flows to the state and local levels as well. So when you report to her, if you could make sure I get a copy of that, I would greatly appreciate it.    I am going to need some yes-or-no answers because I have to fly through this because of the time limitations that we do have. But GAO noted that SAMHSA officials did not initially include any of their suicide prevention programs among those that can support individuals with serious mental illness. Isn't that true, Ms. Hyde, yes or no?    Mr. Griffith. And SAMHSA explained to GAO that the suicide prevention services it administered were not limited only to individuals with serious mental illness, and served a broader population. That is also true, isn't it? Yes.    Mr. Griffith. And at the subcommittee's hearing on suicide prevention held last September, the Chief Medical Officer of the American Foundation for Suicide Prevention noted that in more than 120 studies of completed suicides, at least 90 percent of the individuals involved were suffering from a mental illness at the time of their deaths. And I thought I heard you say earlier that you agreed with that number, is that correct?    Mr. Griffith. And my one concern there is that, of course, we had the 10 percent. Would you also consider that 90 percent to be serious mentally ill, yes or no?    Mr. Griffith. But it is pretty serious when somebody ends up dead, isn't it?    Mr. Griffith. All right.    Mr. Griffith. And----    Mr. Griffith . After further discussion with GAO, SAMHSA included its suicide prevention programs, among those that can support individuals with serious mental illness. Isn't that also true?    Mr. Griffith. I can. After further discussion, you then submitted the suicide prevention programs, among those that can support individuals with serious mental illness, even though earlier you had not included them because you thought it was a broader audience. Isn't that true?    Mr. Griffith. Yes or no.    Mr. Griffith. OK. And DoD officials initially identified all of their suicide prevention programs as supporting individuals with serious mental illness. Do you think that there might be some institutional bias on the part of SAMHSA in favor of dealing with mild as opposed to more severe behavior or health conditions that make it more difficult for SAMHSA to recognize and act upon the unique nature and impacts of serious mental illness or serious emotional disturbances?    Mr. Griffith. All right. And I appreciate that.    Here is the reason that I am so concerned on these issues, and while I recognize that you all have said previously that it is getting better but it is not fixed, I do appreciate that. I was a, what we call in our neck of the woods, a street lawyer for many years. I can still see the eyes of the mother who dealt with, while she was a client of mine, for years her paranoid schizophrenic son who ultimately committed suicide. I can see a former client standing in the courthouse with his son crouched on a bench because he was back into the court system, not in the mental health system but the criminal court system, yet again, and not knowing what to do. I can see the faces of the deputies as they started to go out of the building to deal with a verbal fight in the parking lot of the courthouse where a son and a father were having a verbal altercation after a hearing in the criminal court system, and I had to advise the deputies to back off because of the mental illness of the son. He would have a violent reaction to the uniforms, not to the individuals but to the uniforms, but he would not be violent with his father, and they agreed to do that. And then my wife, who continues to practice law although I have come here now, last week was dealing with, in the juvenile system where she is a practitioner and a substitute judge, dealing with a child who attempted suicide, having a serious emotional disturbance, learning that they couldn't deal with one plan that the hospital had come up with because he hadn't been hospitalized twice in the last year, he had only been hospitalized twice in the last 13 months. And when I said are there questions, I have HHS and SAMHSA coming in, are there questions I should ask about what we are going to do about this child who is someone I know, and who may very well end up being successful at some point if we don't do it right. I said are there questions I can ask, and her response was, no, they don't have anything to do with this.    I ask you, do you believe that you all need to be coordinating to such an extent that experienced practitioners in law would know that you have something to do with it when there is a suicide attempt, or that there might be a program to help? I asked those questions. Nothing came back. And I noticed in your report that you had something on the Garrett Lee Smith Youth Suicide Prevention Program listed in the GAO study, and I texted my wife and I said any of the contacts related to any of the cases you have done in juvenile court for the last 16 or 17 years, have you ever heard of this. Answer is no. So I present you with this indictment, and I hope to get some response at a later time because my time is up.    And I yield back.    Mr. Griffith. Thank you very much.    And I don't think I will be quite as emotional this time as I was on the first round of questioning, but I do appreciate you all being here, and hope that you understand that even when we get a little excited and emotional about the issue, it is because we are trying to move the Government in the right direction, and there is sometimes frustration, but we are all, I think, everybody, you all included on the panel, trying to work into the right direction.    Dr. Kohn, in 2013, the GAO issued a report finding that the Office of National Drug Control Policy could better identify opportunities to increase program coordination. GAO recommended that ONDCP assess the extent of overlap and the potential for duplication across Federal programs engaged in drug abuse prevention and treatment activities, and identify opportunities for increased coordination. It is my understanding that ONDCP concurred with this recommendation, am I correct in that?    Mr. Griffith. And did the fact that ONDCP concurred with GAO's recommendation mean that ONDCP totally agreed with GAO's analysis, such as the overlap of Federal programs, always being a negative?    Mr. Griffith. So they didn't----    Mr. Griffith. They didn't agree completely.    Mr. Griffith. But they did, as I understand it, state that they were willing to work with the agencies administering these programs to further enhance coordination even if it meant not eliminating complete overlaps, is that correct?    Mr. Griffith. And I guess the question then comes, and that was the lead-in, Dr. Frank, so here we have a different agency reaction to a similar report. Couldn't HHS have concurred with the GAO recommendation even while expressing differences on some of GAO's analysis, just like the ONDCP did?    Mr. Griffith. All right. We will get to one more point, and then I hope I have enough time to make one statement. In a talk you delivered in March of 2013, you indicated, and it is on YouTube, and at about the 28 minute mark you spoke about the dangers of mission creep where the aim of targeting particularly high-risk groups becomes diluted to reach lower-risk populations as well. And you noted at that time that the mission creep could have disastrous results. Do you think you have your guard up, do you think it is possible that SAMHSA may be subject to similar pressures to engage in mission creep, and how does this impact their ability to support individuals with the most high-risk and severe mental illnesses?    Mr. Griffith. And I appreciate that, and appreciate the self-examination is always a good thing even when it is sometimes painful.    Part of your mission is to coordinate and to make sure things are efficient. Might I recommend, and maybe you are already doing this, and if so, please tell me, that you get a few street lawyers out there and it is probably not the right term, Mr. Chairman, but street clinicians, but people who are out there on the frontlines who might be able to help you figure out what is working and what isn't working, particularly on making sure that folks know what programs are available. So that would be my suggestion to you.    Mr. Griffith. Well, and sometimes it is good to have the folks that are out there day in and day out because when it is somebody new or different, and it is human nature, they are going to whip out the spick and span and make everything look a little bit better, but when you have folks who deal with it day in and day out and over the course of years, they can give you an unvarnished or an un-cleaned up, spic-and-span type view of what is happening in the real world. But thank you.    I yield back.