    Mr. Meadows. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And thank you for holding this hearing. As you know, this is a passionate area for me, having cosponsored legislation that suggests that we should close the PLO office here in Washington, DC, as long as they continue to fund terrorists who commit these kinds of acts.    So, Mr. Wexler, you know, you have come up with a lot of suggestions on what the Israelis should do. Do you not think it would be a prudent call to close the PLO office here in Washington, DC, as long as we are paying terrorists to commit terrorist acts?    Mr. Meadows. Just yes or no.    Mr. Meadows. It is that simple. Let me tell you----    Mr. Meadows. Let me tell you why the problem is.    Mr. Meadows. I have five Jewish young girls over here who don't understand. I don't understand why we can't close a PLO office when I was told by the Ambassador that they were not going to fund terrorist activities anymore. And all they did was moved it from the PLA to the PLO.    And so what we are doing is we are continuing to do it. We need to close that office. We need to make sure that what happens is at least we send a message. If we can't close an office, then we certainly cannot be serious about addressing this issue.    Mr. Meadows. Why would you not support that?    Mr. Meadows. But based on----    Mr. Meadows. But based on that, based on that, your whole philosophy is a philosophy of appeasement.    Mr. Meadows. Historically, that has never worked.    Mr. Meadows. Well, it is fair, because what you are saying is we can't even close an office.    Mr. Meadows. All right. But----    Mr. Meadows. Mr. Wexler, let me come back.    Mr. Meadows. Hold on. It is my time.    Mr. Meadows. So let me come back. Because I was on the ground in Israel when the latest round of stabbings occurred. And for you to sit here and suggest that somehow this is a goodwill tour, that the Israelis are going to be viewed in a positive light if they just give a little bit more--I was there when Western papers were talking about how it was the Jewish boy's fault that he was stabbed and not the Palestinian. I was there when he was doing the ISIS sign from his hospital bed, when they said that the Israelis had killed him, which was not the fact. I was there on the ground.    And so to suggest that somehow building a wall will fix this problem? I can tell you, if the Israeli Government felt like building a wall will bring peace, it would be built quicker than any wall you could ever see. But that will not do it because you and I both know that the Palestinians go back and forth between those walls.    I was in a courtroom----    Mr. Meadows. I was in a courtroom where I had a Hamas attorney with Palestinian youth that were prideful of the fact that they had committed these atrocities, as if they had won a spelling bee. How do we change that?    Mr. Meadows. Well, with all due respect----    Mr. Meadows. No, no.    Mr. Meadows. I didn't say it wouldn't help. What I said, it would not solve the problem.    Mr. Meadows. Those were my exact words.    Mr. Meadows. Then why don't you support it?    Mr. Meadows. Well, we know that what we have been doing didn't work. We know that they continue to pay terrorists. At what point do we change our philosophy to figure out if some new strategy would work?    I will yield back.