    Mr. Giudice. Thank you, Chairman Weber, Chairman Smith, and Ranking Member Grayson, I appreciate the opportunity to testify today.    I'm the CEO, President, Board Member of Ambri, and as you know by having this hearing, energy storage has the potential to transform our electricity grid in very positive and productive ways. Right now, the grid needs to meet, for every instant of the day, everywhere, the supply of electricity with the demand for electricity, and storage will change everything.    Today in the United States, one of the ways we meet our peak demand is through simple cycle combustion turbines, and the capacity factor for those engines is two percent. Literally only 160 hours a year are those engines being driven to meet the peak demands, and storage could change everything. If we are able to meet average demand instead of peak demand, we could actually reduce the amount of grid infrastructure investment by approximately 1/2 of what our traditional market is.    So there are many different ways that storage could help. I'm going to suggest six different areas for federal government leadership that would be particularly of interest, and I'll give you a little story about Ambri in the context of that.    First is ARPA-E Programs. So ARPA-E funded campus research at MIT, Dr. Sadoway, to look at a very interesting application for the--his life's work, which was electrometallurgical refining. And basically, he took the same kinds of processes that are known in the aluminum smelter world of taking a ton of dirt and running electricity through it to produce pure aluminum metal at 50 cents a pound, and said what if we could make those processes reversible so that we're not only taking enormous amounts of electricity off the grid, but we could turn around and put it back on the grid. And it was kind of an interesting concept, a White Paper sort of exercise, a--that attracted funding from ARPA-E in 2007/2008 time frame. The $7 million grant from ARPA-E made all the difference in the world. This was a concept that there was no private money, no other public money, that was willing to step up and see if this idea could work. With that investment, plus other private sources, Dr. Sadoway, and then Dr. Bradwell, were able to drive research on campus to actually prove that this concept works, and works rather remarkably. They had a team that was up to 20 folks on campus advancing this technology, which then enabled the company to come together as a private enterprise and seek private financing. We are now 50 people, and completely privately financed with investments from Bill Gates, Total, Khosla Ventures, the--KLP Enterprises and GVB, and we employ 50 folks and we're out there now delivering our technology to the marketplace. So we're--we were formed in 2010, we're just now manufacturing our prototypes, and we'll begin delivering them this fall. And those go to very interesting customers, including the U.S. Department of Defense in Massachusetts and Connecticut, the Joint Base Cape Cod and sub-base in Groton, Connecticut, Con Ed in New York, Alaska Energy Authority in Alaska, and then in Hawaii, two prototypes are going--are scheduled to go there end of this year/beginning of next year, as well as our first 1 megawatt hour battery storage solution to the U.S. Navy at Pearl Harbor towards the end of 2016.    So this federal money that was able to sort of get behind a concept, and become sort of an interesting possible technology, is now developing itself and being delivered into the commercial marketplace, and looking very, very attractive.    So one role I encourage is continued support for ARPA-E and the work that they're doing. Another--five other possibilities include continued support on demonstration projects through the Department of Defense and the Department of Energy. Third is to continue work with States and Federal Energy Regulatory Commission to help them understand and appreciate the full value of storage. There's a very clear and compelling need between States' roles and rights, and the federal government in terms of helping to educate and appreciate the value that storage can provide. And then two other areas I'd touch on. One is the Loan Guarantee Program which, of course, has gotten a lot of coverage, I think plays a very interesting role and could be very helpful for storage, both from manufacturing and demonstration projects. Federal tax credits and--including in master limited partnership clean energy investments as possibilities to help this nascent technology that the United States, in fact, has the best research going on and the best new companies starting to really bear full fruit and become a world-dominant provider.    So I am excited to be here today, and look forward to taking any questions that you might have. Thank you.    Mr. Giudice. Yeah, just quickly, I agree completely with Dr. Whitacre. The--it is very situationally-specific, especially over these next few years. When proven out over this next decade and more, I think we could be at an electric system that could cost us 30 to 40 percent less than our existing electric system----    Mr. Giudice. --and largely because less assets will be involved. Right now, this is the most capital-intensive industry in the world. It's $3 of assets for every $1 of revenue that the industry generates across the entire value chain, and that's all because we're not using these assets very much. A lot of assets are laying idle in preparation for when we have our peak demand. So with storage fully developed and fully deployed, I think it could be a very, very different----    Mr. Giudice. Yeah, so to address the question, this is not unique to batteries. This is the--one of the energy challenges that the energy industry faces, especially the electricity industry, and it's part of the nature of the industry structure. There was an organization, the Electric Power Research Institute, that was--that came together to try and spur R&D and demonstration projects. It's a very small budget. The vendors are--have a very small budget. The industry is not set to innovate in general, and so it's a--there isn't a model in this industry, writ large, not just around batteries, to innovate and to invest in the kinds of ideas that could be breakthrough. And it's in part related to the nature of this industry. It's a highly regulated industry, both federal and state. It's not an industry that goes easily into change. When you have this kind of asset intensity, we have 30-year lifelong assets that they're dealing with, so they're not sort of with the mindset of let's keep reinventing ourselves every couple of years. And so I think that it really suggests why there's such an important federal and other public policy roles to bring us to a better energy future.    Mr. Giudice. I think the fundamental economics are not--do not reward innovation at this stage, and consequently, the regulations are not such that they're spurring change across the board. And it relates to smart metering, it relates to all kinds of aspects of the electric industry. It's not just as it relates to storage. Yeah.    Mr. Giudice. Sure. I share the--Dr. Whitacre's perspectives on this as well as far as the patents are critical. Intellectual property, without having our control of our intellectual property, we would not have attracted the investors we have. They are all motivated for long-term significant positive change for the planet and the country, but the financial rewards are what enables them to be able to write the checks for us. So I don't think that there's any doubt in my mind that without that, it would--it would not have been the same kind of conversation.    Mr. Giudice. Thank you for the question. Yes, ARPA-E is a relatively new agency, and it has done a remarkable job in the few short years that it has been up and running and operating. I do think that, as we were talking earlier, I think Ranking Member Grayson mentioned the comparison of Japanese spending on storage, $670 million a year, versus the budget that Imre Gyuk controls of $12 million a year. ARPA-E fills a little bit of that gap, and it's--their mission, obviously, is much broader than just energy storage, but they are there to try and help create the breakthroughs that will serve our country and our planet for years and years to come. There is no alternative to that. There isn't a private sector group that's going to stand in to do that, there's not private investors through the venture capital-type community that can stand up and take the lead on these kinds of innovations. The large corporations are spending very small amounts of money because it's not economically attractive to them to do that. So there is no one else to be able to take on that leadership. I strong encourage the continued support for the ARPA-E Program.    Mr. Giudice. I do not believe it would exist. I don't believe that--and to be clear, it was the campus research that got funded at MIT, so it was all done under a public-private--or public partnership with the ARPA-E on that. And that was necessary to advance the technology to the point that we could attract and have conversation with private investors. So we weren't even ready for any kind of conversation with private investors when it was just a concept. That was necessary to prove out in the laboratories at MIT before it could be at all of interest to private investors.    Mr. Giudice. I'm saying they could, but they would not because there is no economic package that makes sense on the--on its own.    Mr. Giudice. That's right.    Mr. Giudice. That's right.    Mr. Giudice. Absolutely.    Mr. Giudice. Yes, that's completely appropriate. I--and you look at the profitability in the energy industry of equipment and services that are provided to this industry, versus the profitability in the Intel example or the pharmaceuticals example, and they're just--the private sector isn't making the kind of money in this industry to justify spending money on concepts that could, in fact, bear great benefit for society. And this is a very appropriate role for federal leadership to stand in and say, let's figure out what might make sense here, and then when it's ready, the federal government can step back and the private sector can take it forward for commercial deployment and bear full fruit.    Mr. Giudice. Sure. It's going to be less than three years, and it's actually demonstrating the technologies that are now just getting to the market that are going to show the kinds of improvements that we need. And it is all about cost.    Mr. Giudice. Well, I'm excited about Ambri, I'm excited about Aquion. There's a few others out there.    Mr. Giudice. Yes, from my perspective, I think from a federal leadership standpoint, I would really move towards the demonstration and pull through from the market standpoint than just on the basic science. And I appreciate the purview of this Committee is really more of the R&D side of it, but I really believe that there's an enormous amount of work to be done, as the largest energy consumer in the world, to start incorporating more of these different types of technologies in the mix of the energy choices that the federal government is making, and then working through all of the policies and issues around federal and state regulations to be able to fully value what the economics--the potential economic value of storage would be, and figure out ways to help make sure that gets as fully appreciated as possible as soon as we can.    Mr. Giudice. Yeah, so thank you for the question. The formation of the company was all about cost, and it was all about getting to the lowest possible cost for the delivered energy solution, because we know that that's going to make the most significant impact. So the chemistries that we utilized, we're not public about, there's been a lot of research published on our chemistries and other chemistries from the group Sadoway work on campus. We haven't disclosed as a company what ours is, but it all starts with crustal abundance and local supplies as being very, very important. And you're right, the initial work on campus was ultrapure materials, working inside glove boxes, and looking at could this sort of chemical matching work as a battery. And the answer was yes. As an industrial company now, we're doing things in open air, and we're doing things from industrial grade materials, and it's working very, very well. So I think it's an appropriate concern to have because it's all about delivering as low a cost, and getting as much of an impact as we possibly can. And we're quite comfortable that we're on track to do that.    Mr. Giudice. Sorry. I agree, and the markets are developing, and we'll see how they continue to develop. As you think through the 3, 4, 5, six years out, I do think it's going to make better sense to keep it at the grid level for the most part, and be able to share amongst your neighbors both the storage and the distributed generation that might be on everybody's rooftop or on everybody's hilltop, but not have to duplicate the storage investment on a building-by-building basis. I think that there will be better economic value from a societal standpoint by doing that. It's a very natural role for the grid to be able to provide that at the distribution level, and then be able to offset a lot of the other investments that would otherwise have to be made by doing it that way. But it's going to take some time to work out those business models and really be able to put that in place.    Mr. Giudice. So obviously, I think a point was made earlier that, as the grid exists now, 97 percent of the storage that's done on the grid is pumped storage, mechanically, compressed air energy storage, two projects are going. So from an electricity storage standpoint, there's alternatives, but from an electrochemical battery standpoint, I don't think there are alternatives. And then the third form of storage, thermal storage, is obviously being utilized in lots of different applications as another interesting way to store energy, not so much electricity.    Mr. Giudice. Yeah, so the market will tell us, and we'll see as it goes forward. I do think it's going to make sense, as I think where Dr. Whitacre was going, towards the distribution side of the business as the dominant place to have it make sense. And it's not so much economies of scale of delivering storage, but it's economies of the application. So on the neighborhood basis where clouds are coming by and we're all solar generating on our rooftops, those clouds are sporadically shutting off different rooftops as they cover up the sun. The storage at each house would have a much different effect than if it was storage across that whole small grid area. And I think that in terms of reliability and reducing costs, we're probably going to find optimal levels at those kinds of applications, rather than any central generating storage or storage for every single household.