    Mr. Lilly. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, Ranking Member Cohen, Chairman Conyers. I think it is striking that the three of us largely agree on one essential element here, and that is that the Federal debt, the growth of Federal spending, is driven entirely by entitlements.    I think it is important to go beyond that, and look at the entitlements that are driving the debt. And those entitlements are Social Security, Medicare, and Medicaid. Those, if you look at real per capita growth of Federal spending over the last 30 years, those three programs by themselves accounted for more than 100 percent of the growth. In other words, the rest of the government shrank.    So all of the vitriol about the bureaucracy being out of control, about the growth of the Federal Government, so forth and so on, is basically false. The government as we think of it--the 15 departments and all of the independent agencies--has actually shrunk in size if you measure it by real per capita spending.    What has changed is the amount of money that we send out to individuals across the country. And that has gotten very expensive, because we have--in the past, we had about half a million people a year reaching retirement age. Today we have a million and a half people a year reaching retirement age, and so it is a lot more expensive to take care of.    Where I think I may disagree with my colleagues, at least to some extent, is what do we do about that problem? CBO estimates that Federal expenditures are going to rise from 19 or 20 percent of GDP, which they have been historically, to around 24 percent of GDP, as the progression of retirement increases. I think that is a reality that we all have to, regardless of our views of entitlement programs or the benefits of them, we need to face that reality. I do not think this country is ready to do the things that some people advocate, particularly the placement of Social Security benefits under the appropriations process.    The average monthly benefit under Social Security for a retired worker is $1,350. More than $350 of that amount goes to out-of-pocket medical expenses. So if you believe that somebody can live well on less than a thousand dollars a year for all other expenses other than medical care, than this proposal works fine. If you think that that is not enough, and the vast majority of Americans, according to polling, think that it is not enough, then you have to come up with some combination of entitlement reform and tax increases. I think a large portion of it is going to have to come from tax increases, because I do not think either the elderly are willing to live on less, nor are their children willing to pay more for their retirement costs.    As a result, this country would have to increase revenues substantially, but it is not out of the line. In fact, we would still be one of the lowest-taxed Nations in the world if we paid the cost of those retirement benefits. So I would like to expand on that in the question period, but I think we need to understand the problem, and I think this hearing is a good thing for helping people understand what the problem is. But we also have to think about the consequences of various alternatives of dealing with it.    Mr. Lilly. I mean, we are at 85 percent or 80 percent of--our debt is 80 to 85 percent of GDP. I think that is way too high. I want to see a fiscal policy that brings that debt back down to below 50 percent. In 1974, we were at 24 percent. I mean, that is a reasonable goal.    We have an unusual situation because of demography and the huge number of people that were born after World War II. And I think we have to recognize that, and we have to recognize that we are going to have to raise more taxes in order to pay for it. But that still leaves us at the very low end of industrialized countries in terms of taxes. There are countries that have been growing much faster than we have, that have tax as a percentage of GDP that is nearly twice the level that we have.    Mr. Lilly. Absolutely, absolutely. I would like to say, though, if I could, I think it is a great disservice to say that welfare payments to working-age men has anything to do with this entitlement program. That is a tiny, tiny share of entitlement spending.    Mr. Lilly. I think it has been adjusted, you know, relatively rapidly to deal with inflation. I do not think it is that much out of line with that.    Mr. Lilly. Yeah, and it was----    Mr. Lilly. Yeah. But less than 10 years ago, it was below 100. So it has gone up at pretty close to the rate of inflation, and it may even be indexed, I think.    Mr. Lilly. What I would say is the problem with respect to Social Security is relatively small. And there are reasonably small adjustments that could be made to take Social Security and make it solvent over a period of time at current benefit levels. The real problem is Medicare. And as I tried to point out in my testimony, it is not just your Medicare check, but how much you have to pay in out-of-pocket expenses. And if your out-of-pocket expenses eat up most of your Medicare, you do not have enough to stay alive on. And that is the problem we face.    And there is no reason that we cannot raise the general revenues to pay for Medicare. That is the way we pay for them now, and we could pay for more of it if we would simply make the tax adjustment, and avoid some, as you point out, terribly painful choices that we would have as a society.    Mr. Lilly. Mr. Chairman, I think that is one of the great tragedies in our society today. It is also a problem that we have around the world. I think a lot of the divisiveness in American politics today centers around the fact that people feel disinherited. The working class feels that there is no way out. They do not see a way out for their kids, and guess what, we are finding out it is really bad for business, it is bad for the direction--I think the American Chamber of Commerce is absolutely apoplectic right now at the direction that this country is going.    And I think they have to looking the mirror to some extent and think about why there is this division, why is this extremism showing itself in American politics. A country that does not grow together and does not prosper together is not going to be a strong country, and I think we are beginning to see only the beginning of the downside of this terrible division in the way we are growing.    Mr. Lilly. Well, you know, I think there are a number of things that you can do to reduce income inequality from a policy side. I would say this topic that we are dealing with right now in terms of Social Security benefits and Medicare and so forth, is a huge factor.    In 1959, 30 percent of elderly people in the United States lived in poverty. Today it is 9 percent, the lowest of any age group. If we were to turn back and put Social Security payments as subject to annual appropriations, we would be headed back to that 30 percent and we would greatly exacerbate what is already a huge problem in this country.    Mr. Lilly. Medicare, Medicaid, and Social Security are about 73 percent of total entitlements. But then you have military retirement, which is not in there, you have civil service retirement, and you have veteran's benefits, which make up another close to 10 percent. I mean I think there is kind of an ugly part of this discussion, which is people use the word entitlement with some racial implications. I think that is true. I mean I know a lot of people do not, but there are some people that do.    The truth is very, very little of the entitlement budget is actually going to minority groups that some people would like to undercut the whole--there may be a lot of State money that goes there, but I think there is an innuendo there that drives it. And the truth is, contrary to what Mr. Labrador said, the people that get the most from Social Security, and the people that are most dependent are rural White voters in Republican districts. And I am somewhat amazed at the willingness of the majority party to keep going down this road, because I think it is absolute dynamite if they get to the end of it. I think the whole purpose here is to get only partway down the road.    Mr. Lilly. It would depend on how understanding the Budget Committee was and what kind of allocation they gave the Appropriations Committee. But you are certainly setting up a big fight between law enforcement and national security and grandma's check. And I think she may keep part of her check, but I think she would be quick vulnerable if we set up that scenario.    Mr. Lilly. The caps that we have put on Medicaid will inevitably, if adopted, result in lots of old people being taken out of nursing homes and put on their children's doorsteps, which would have--we would go back to the way we used to deal with old age 30 or 40 years ago, and it would be catastrophic for families, for the future--the ability to educate and send kids to college. It is a direction nobody in this country wants to go, and it is foolish to talk about it as a real plausible route.    Mr. Lilly. Could I respond to that?