    Mr. Jeffries. Mr. Commissioner, thank you for your presence and for your service.    The chief sponsor of the impeachment resolution that resulted in this hearing is Republican Representative John Fleming from Louisiana. Is that correct?    Mr. Jeffries. And Congressman Fleming is currently a candidate for the United States Senate. Is that right?    Mr. Jeffries. Are you aware that Congressman Fleming is currently running television advertisements as part of this campaign that claims that the head of the IRS--that would be you--ordered 24,000 emails erased?    Mr. Jeffries. But the facts have already been established, I think, that the emails were inadvertently wiped by two low-level employees. Is that right?    Mr. Jeffries. And these employees work the midnight shift. Is that correct?    Mr. Jeffries. And they work the midnight shift at a facility in the blooming metropolis known as Martinsburg, West Virginia. Is that right?    Mr. Jeffries. Now, the Treasury inspector general is a Republican. Is that right?    Mr. Jeffries. And he issued a report on June 30, 2015, which concluded ``that no evidence was uncovered that any IRS employees had been directed to destroy or hide information.'' Is that correct?    Mr. Jeffries. The Republican-led Senate Finance Committee has uncovered no such evidence, true?    Mr. Jeffries. The Department of Justice conducted an independent investigation and also concluded that no IRS employee, from top to bottom, had been directed to destroy or hide information. Is that correct?    Mr. Jeffries. This is not a legitimate impeachment hearing. This is a political charade, it is a sham, it is a Hollywood-style production. The outcome has already been predetermined, the script has already been written, the witness has already been labeled a bad guy, because in any Hollywood-style production, there must be a villain, and who better than the commissioner of the IRS.    But here is the problem. The Founding Fathers of this Nation gave to this House the power of impeachment as an extraordinary remedy only to be used in serious circumstances. It is not a high crime or misdemeanor to be the head of an agency that some of my friends on the other side of the aisle don't like as part of an Administration that some of my friends on the other side of the aisle don't like.    But it has been clear to me, as my good friend from Louisiana indicated, Rome is burning right now in the midst of a police violence crisis, but we are on this reckless legislative joyride to impeach the commissioner of the IRS.    Why is that? Well, perhaps there are some in this town who have been determined to impeach a member of the Obama administration from the day that the President of the United States was sworn in, in January of 2009, but you couldn't impeach Barack Obama, you couldn't impeach Eric Holder, you couldn't impeach Hillary Clinton, and so some genius came up with the brilliant idea that we are going to go after the IRS commissioner.    It is a dereliction of duty, it is the only reason why we are here today, and it is a waste of the time and the treasure of the American people.    I yield back.