    Ms. Herschkowitz. Thank you, Chairman Walberg, Ranking Member Wilson, and members of the subcommittee. Thank you for the opportunity to discuss OSHA's recently published silica rule and its detrimental impact on the U.S. metal casting industry.    My name is Jan Herschkowitz, president of PRL, Inc. My family moved to the States from Bolivia in 1971 to pursue the American dream. My father purchased a small company with 13 employees, which he eventually grew to three companies. In 1988, I moved back to Pennsylvania from Chicago to run the family business after he was diagnosed with cancer. Following his death in 1989, I opened a foundry which is one of the cleanest and most advanced foundries in the U.S.    Today, we have four manufacturing facilities, are a key military supplier, and proudly employ 150 highly skilled workers who play a vital role in our success.    I am testifying before you today as a member of the American Foundry Society, our industry's trade association, which is comprised of more than 7,500 members.    Our industry employs over 200,000 workers who are proud that their metal castings have applications in virtually every capital and consumer good produced. Eighty percent of all foundries employ fewer workers than 100, including ours.    As a Nation, we depend on castings in all facets of our lives, including transportation, heating our homes, and, most importantly, providing us with power, and playing a critical role in our Nation's defense, including submarines and carriers. PRL's key customers include Electric Boat, Northrop-Grumman, and Curtiss-Wright.    AFS members are highly committed to protecting their employees and implementing sound safety policies. PRL's culture is one of safety first above all else, as the risks of pouring molten metal are taken very seriously by every co-worker, and we continually invest in safety equipment, experts, preventive maintenance, and training. We also have a certified safety committee which consists of co-workers from every level of our organization.    Realizing the silica sand we are talking about today is used by foundries to make molten metal, and it is the same sand that is found on our beaches. I will only discuss a few of the ways this regulation will impact the foundry industry as my submitted testimony is much more detailed.    Under the rule, the sharply reduced permissible exposure levels of 50 micrograms and an action level of 25 micrograms equates to the contents of a packet of Sweet'N Low sugar over a football field 13 feet high. This is the same air quality requirements of a clean room. Metal casting operations are simply not capable of achieving this level of dust control.    The rule also mandates extensive and costly engineering controls. Metal casters will have to exhaust all feasible engineering and work practice controls to meet the expense of requirements before we are allowed to use respirators. This means we could be forced to spend well over $1.4 million with no guarantee they will work.    There are certain operations in the foundry, such as grinding, where no matter how much is spent on controls, consistent compliance will not be achieved. Under the rule, regulated areas with control access and mandatory respirator usage will need to be established. This presents a logistical nightmare as it means that a forklift operator or a manager who may be in the area for just a minute will need to put on a respirator and will not be able to talk.    Under the regulation, dry vacuuming is not allowed and a wet vac will now be required. This is wrong. As everybody knows, you never, ever want to introduce water in an area where molten metal is poured. An explosion could occur, and workers lives' would be jeopardized. Also, other metal objects which may be wet, might not even be wet, but may be wet, can no longer be recycled and will go into our landfills.    OSHA drastically underestimates the cost to comply, and disregards the intent of SBREFA. In reality, the actual costs of the rule are 50 times higher than OSHA estimates, and in the final rule, OSHA estimated costs of compliance for the foundry industry was at $47 million or $32,000 per foundry. Our independent analysis shows the rule actually costs the industry over $2.2 billion, which equates to over $1 million per foundry.    Additional costs include capital equipment, plant modifications, lost production time, recordkeeping, training, legal, medical, permits, engineering, monitoring, cleaning, and sand disposal expenses.    In closing, although very well intended, our concern is that OSHA's silica regulation will cause significant foundry closures which will shift production offshore to countries like China, who have minimum worker safety rules.    I firmly believe that this rule not only poses a threat to our national security, but it will also cause many good, highly skilled people from numerous manufacturing sectors to lose their jobs.    Mr. Chairman, I would submit this is simply wrong. Thank you for the opportunity to be here today, and I would be happy to respond to any questions.    Ms. Herschkowitz. Wow, where to begin. The issue with OSHA--we did testify before OIRA. They absolutely totally ignored the 50 pages, I think, of testimony that we submitted.    Ms. Herschkowitz. Well, they did not take into account all the costs, but just to give you an example, here is an OSHA fact sheet. I pulled this off the Internet on April 6. This is after the rule was passed. We spoke very strongly about the costs that this will entail.    On this fact sheet, it says, ``The annual cost to a firm with fewer than 20 employees would be less, averaging about $550.'' The average cost for our employees we viewed to be $143,000. This was the exact facts I gave to the OIRA Committee when I went and talked before them.    It also says, ``The proposed rule is expected to have no discernable impact on U.S. employment.''    I think this speaks volumes. The other thing is why can we not just go with respirators first because the worker is breathing clean air. OSHA insists right now upon putting and measuring air respirators outside of the air respirator, and we have to put money in for dust collection systems that we feel will not work.    They also ignore the fact that you cannot just add one more dust collector, one more dust collector, and one more dust collector. It is not additive. You have to get a dust collector, and I am not even sure if that exists in today's world, that actually can take all that sand out, and it will easily be over $1 million.    So, that is how we were disregarded by OSHA.    Ms. Herschkowitz. Thank you.    Ms. Herschkowitz. Oh, absolutely. The old respirators used to be very bulky, very uncomfortable, and there has been a lot of research on respirators which has turned into much better products, much more comfortable for the person to use.    What we would like under this regulation is to use the respirators first versus going with the expensive dust collectors.    Ms. Herschkowitz. By far. OSHA does measure the air quality outside of the respirator, which is not indicative of what a worker is breathing. A worker is actually breathing clean air, and we do use respirators in our facilities for certain jobs right now.    Ms. Herschkowitz. I think workplaces should be very, very safe. We do a lot to make it safe.    Ms. Herschkowitz. First of all, all the components we put on the submarine are very, very--    Ms. Herschkowitz. It is a question in terms of putting--    Ms. Herschkowitz. I am trying to answer the question.    Ms. Herschkowitz. I have seen it, but I have not read it. I just saw it this morning.    Ms. Herschkowitz. Absolutely.    Ms. Herschkowitz. I also want to make the point that in our foundry, it is safety first. Anybody can stop a heat if they feel it is unsafe. We have safety leaders at every levels of the organization. We have spent an awful lot of money on safety and are very, very proud of our safety record, and I value our employees very much.    Ms. Herschkowitz. It is not easy.    Ms. Herschkowitz. It is not easy.    Ms. Herschkowitz. Certainly, and I never ever want to sacrifice cost for safety.    Ms. Herschkowitz. No, we have four separate companies. We opened a foundry last just because we could no longer buy castings in this country, and we are probably the most vertically integrated sand foundry in the country. We view our foundry as a cost center, not a profit center. According to the AFS, the cost of putting these regulations in place is 273 percent of the profits of a company, but it is even higher for a foundry, it is even much, much higher for us.    Ms. Herschkowitz. Right, conceivably.    Ms. Herschkowitz. That is correct. The foundry industry standard PEL of 100, 70 percent of the foundries are able to meet, 30 percent are not. I personally, and I am not speaking for the AFS right now, I have personally as a 25-year foundry woman have never heard of a case of silicosis, much less within our own companies.