    Mr. Johnson. I thank the Chairman. Established by the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1980 and empowered with centralized regulatory review responsibilities under President Reagan, the Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs, also known as OIRA, functions as the gatekeeper of the regulatory system for the most important Federal rules.    In 1993, President Clinton issued Executive Order 12866 to require that OIRA review all ``significant'' regulatory actions between 500 and 700 a year. It additionally requires that Federal agencies prepare a cost-benefit analysis for economically significant rules.    In January 2011, President Obama issued Executive Order 13563, which reaffirmed the principles of Executive Order 12866 but also requires that agencies develop plans for retrospective review of existing regulations to determine whether any should be modified, streamlined, expanded, or repealed. And finally, the Obama administration issued Executive Order 13610 in May 2012 to further increase public participation in retrospective reviews.    According to Mr. Shelanski's predecessor, Cass Sunstein, these orders have energized agencies to identify hundreds of outdated rules for elimination, and many agencies have already finalized or proposed, or formally proposed, over 100 of these reforms. For instance, the Department of Health and Human Services has finalized several rules to remove hospital and healthcare reporting requirements, saving $5 billion over 5 years. These efforts have continued under Administrator Shelanski, and thus far, appear to be working.    Combined, it's clear that these initiatives have already resulted in hundreds of formal proposals to eliminate rules representing billions of dollars in savings over the next several years and substantially more in eventual savings. I look forward to learning about the continuing efforts, to date, of the President's push to have agencies improve and modernize the existing regulatory system.    In addition to conducting oversight of OIRA, witnesses on our second panel will also discuss larger concerns with our Nation's regulatory system. I would note that the most pressing issue facing our regulatory system today is the timely response to public health and safety crises through the expeditious promulgation of Federal rules. But sadly, it has become common for my colleagues to assert that the same regulations that protect our health, safety, environment, and our financial system have undermined the Nation's economic recovery and job growth.    This could not be further from the truth and is simply not borne out by any serious research. Perhaps that is why conservatives also acknowledge that in light of improvements in the economy and the unemployment rate, it is becoming increasingly difficult to argue that the current regulatory environment has any effect on jobs or growth. Douglas Holtz-Eakin, one of the majority's witnesses in today's hearing, commented last year that, ``with low employment and rising wages, the Republican's job gets a lot harder,'' while also referring to recent employment growth as promising.    I think 20-some million new jobs created over in the private sector since, President Obama took office. First, it's a loss of a couple of million jobs during the previous Administration. And, with respect to those figures about rising mortality rates among the blue collar working group demographic, it's not just because wages have gone down and they're dying because of alcohol, drugs, and mental health.    Certainly, wages have gone down, and they are dying of alcohol, drugs, and mental health disease, but also, liver and heart disease are taking out our fellow man, and this can all be attributable somewhat to the globalization of our economy, the movement of jobs offshore, production jobs, blue collar jobs, those jobs--many of those jobs have left under trade deals that have not worked for the American worker, and people, unfortunately, when they become--when they--there's a sense of hopelessness that starts to pervade their thinking, then they turn to alcohol and drugs, and they then develop liver disease, heart disease. But fortunately, there's treatment available for the millions, tens of millions who have been able to gain access to the healthcare system due to the passage and implementation of the Affordable Care Act, which my colleagues on the other side have tried more than 60 times to abolish with no plan in place to replace it.    And, of course, we have had some regulations that have ensued as a result of implementation of the Affordable Care Act, a major piece of legislation, and also the Dodd-Frank financial reform bill that has attempted--or has been effective thus far at creating another--or enabling another too big to fail situation to take out the retirement earnings of our working people and to keep our economy moving forward.    So I would like to say that once you set aside anti-regulatory rhetoric, it's clear that regulated industries exhibit more entrepreneurship, competition, and innovation given the fact that Alex Tabarrok, an economics Chair at the Mercatus Center at George Mason, found, in a 2015 study, that ``industries with greater regulatory stringency,'' and I am quoting him, ``have higher start-up rates as well as similarly high job creation rates.''    So in closing, I would like to thank Administrator Shelanski for taking the time to appear before us today, and I'd like to thank the other witnesses for being here today, and with that, I yield back.    Mr. Johnson. Thank you, Mr. Shelanski.    I have serious concerns that the cost-benefit analysis requirement for significant rules comes at the expense of Americans' public health safety and environment. How can we possibly quantify the benefit clean drinking water will have on a neighborhood when new solid waste regulations protect that neighborhood from coal ash dumping? How can we possibly quantify the benefits that clean drinking water would have, based on a newly promulgated rule that protects that neighborhood from coal ash dumping?    How can we accurately quantify the cost of exposure to dangerous chemicals and toxic materials on the long-term development of children in low-income and minority communities? Repeatedly, critical public health rules are called too burdensome for corporations to comply with, but what about the communities at stake, communities who find the cost to their health, safety, and well-being not factored in because it does not have an easily quantifiable dollar figure? What about the burdens that those folks face?    Regulations should act as a floor, not a ceiling. Rather than weakening rules to lower the cost they have on big business, we should be strengthening rules so the burden on the American public is not too costly. In light of these concerns, should we reform OIRA's review process so it is more reflective of the cost and benefits that rules have on the health and well-being of everyday people?    Mr. Johnson. Thank you.    Anti-regulatory measures, such as H.R. 185, the Regulatory Accountability Act, and H.R. 4768, the Separation of Powers Restoration Act, have been proposed to heighten judicial review of agency rulemaking. You previously testified that you have grave concerns with conducting judicial review at a granular level because it could grind to a halt the deliberative process and good policy development.    What are some examples of rulemakings that would be particularly sensitive to heightened review?    Mr. Johnson. Are you concerned that heightened judicial review may empower courts to make substantive determinations?    Mr. Johnson. Thank you, sir. I yield back.    Mr. Johnson. Thank you. Thank you, sir.    Dr. Holtz-Eakin, do you have any evidence whatsoever that the Obama administration plans a midnight rush of regulations, prior to its exit from the presidency?    Mr. Johnson. You don't see any evidence that this is going to happen in this Administration, do you?    Mr. Johnson. There's certainly no new evidence----    Mr. Johnson . Of a midnight rush. That's kind of like a--kind of like a hidden kind of situation that's sprung on people at the last minute, they can't do anything about it. We don't have any evidence that that's what the Obama administration is planning?    Mr. Johnson. Okay. Well, so you have no evidence. Isn't that correct?    Mr. Johnson. You have no evidence?    Mr. Johnson. Okay. All right. Well, let me ask you this: You remember when Alan Greenspan came to testify before Congress back in 2008 about the fact that he had made a mistake in believing that banks and operating--that banks operating in--would be operating in their own self-interest and thus would--it would be not necessary for the government to protect their shareholders and institutions. You remember that?    Mr. Johnson. And, do you remember he did say that he made a mistake about thinking that we didn't need any regulations?    Mr. Johnson. Well, that's what he said. I mean, you remember more than the fact that he testified before Congress. I know you remember that he did a mea culpa, and he, said, Look, I made a mistake. You don't remember that?    Mr. Johnson. Well, the mistake that he made was, he said that the government should play a much more active regulatory role over financial firms. Do you think that that was wise in the light of the Great Recession that he was talking about?    Mr. Johnson. Do you believe----    Mr. Johnson . That it occurred due to lack of regulation----    Mr. Johnson . Or overregulation?    Mr. Johnson. Overregulation.    Mr. Johnson. So regulation would have helped that, wouldn't it?    Mr. Johnson. And, it was the lack of regulation that enabled it to happen. That's what Greenspan was talking about, correct?    Mr. Johnson. Let me ask----    Mr. Johnson. Let me ask one of the other hostile witnesses, if I will.    Mr. Crews, would you agree that Professor--or that Mr. Greenspan was correct when he said that we needed more regulation in the financial markets to prevent a reoccurrence of the Great Recession that threatened to become a Great Depression?    Mr. Johnson. But there have been some----    Mr. Johnson. There have been some----    Mr. Johnson . Regulations that resulted in some harm, but I'm asking you about the lack of regulation that resulted in harm.    Mr. Johnson. I don't think that it----    Mr. Johnson. Well, that's exactly what would happen.    Mr. Johnson. The financial part.    Mr. Johnson. You're talking about----    Mr. Johnson . Free market forces?    Mr. Johnson. That would cover----    Mr. Johnson. Well, let me ask you this, Mr. Crews, since I'm talking to you. The Washington Post awarded the famous two Pinocchio's to claims based on your report on regulatory costs. Ten Thousand Commandments was the name of it. They called it misleading, unbalanced, and--well, idiosyncratic guesstimate with serious methological problems. What is your response to their characterization of your Ten Thousand Commandments paper which they gave it two Pinocchio's?    Mr. Johnson. You're getting a little----    Mr. Johnson. You're starting to dazzle me now. I just have one last question.    Mr. Johnson. I'll try to make it as clear as I can. Tom Donohue, the President and CEO of the Chamber of Commerce, is quoted as saying that ``we need'' many of the regulations included in your antiregulatory report, and that they are important for the economy, and we support them.    That's what Tom Donohue, CEO and President of the Chamber of Commerce said. I want to know if you agree with that, and I also, I want to get your comment about the fact that prior versions of your Ten Thousand Commandments report admitted that it was not scientific, and it was back of the envelope, but that language did not appear in the most current version, the one that was given the two Pinocchio's, and I wanted to know why did you remove those caveats from the two Pinocchio's, Ten Thousand Commandments report.    Mr. Johnson. Do you disagree with what Tom Donohue said?    Mr. Johnson. Well, Mr. Crews, you've been quite gracious in your responses, and Mr. Chairman, you've been quite gracious with the time. I'm way, way over the limit, and with that, I will yield back.    Mr. Johnson. Thank you, yes. Dr. Beach, with respect to the assertion that you just made and you also made it in your written testimony----    Mr. Johnson . That regulations disproportionately burden low income populations and undermine economic productivity, and you said that citing studies conducted by the Mercatus Center. I just want a note from you whether or not the lead in the contaminated water in Flint was the result of overregulation?    Mr. Johnson. Well, was it overregulation that was one of the factors----    Mr. Johnson . That contributed to lead getting into the----    Mr. Johnson. It wasn't overregulation, was it?    Mr. Johnson. Well, if there were no regulations, then, of course, you would have all kinds of contaminants in the water. Isn't that correct?    Mr. Johnson. So in other words, you're saying in an environment with no regulations, you're going to always have safe drinking water.    Mr. Johnson. Need the regulations.    Mr. Johnson. And those regulations----    Mr. Johnson . Do not hurt, or disproportionately burden anybody, much less low income people?    Mr. Johnson. That is the point that I want to make.    Mr. Johnson. Well, I mean, but you can have a couple of companies making a gazillion dollars, and then you have the consumers, the people who purchase the product or service dying at an early age, as we heard someone say today, we've got people dying at an early age. I mean, what is best? I mean, should we just have an unregulated environment and a free market system to let the buyers beware, and let the companies do whatever they want to do, and there's no regulations?    Mr. Johnson. From what I'm hearing from the Republican witnesses and from the messaging from that side of the aisle is that we are overregulated, all of these regulations need to be abandoned, and we need to get government off the backs of the business community so that they can make more money, and it doesn't matter the health, safety of the people.    Mr. Johnson. How can you quantify that on a cost-benefit analysis?    Mr. Johnson. Do you think the regulators should have that----    Mr. Johnson . Ability?    Mr. Johnson. Well, I'm going to--I'm going to yield back the balance of my time, and I thank you all for your testimony.    Mr. Johnson. I'm sorry I didn't get to you, Mr. Driesen. Thank you.