    Mr. Mayfield. Thank you, and good morning, Chairman Shimkus, Ranking Member Tonko, members of the subcommittee.    I am Kirby Mayfield, the executive director of Mississippi Rural Water Association, a nonprofit association of over 1,000 small rural communities as members.    All small and rural communities have the very important public responsibility of complying with all Federal water regulations and for supplying the public with safe drinking water and sanitation every second of every day.    Small and rural communities often have difficulty providing safe affordable drinking water and sanitation due to limited economies of scale and lack of technical experience.    I am very proud that our congressman on the committee, Representative Greg Harper, is sponsor of the Grassroots Rural and Small Community Water Systems Assistance Act in the House of Representatives. Thank you very much, Congressman Harper.    Attached to my written testimony is a letter from the New York Rural Water Association to Representative Tonko, stating, ``On behalf of all the rural small communities in the 20th congressional district in the State of New York, we are grateful to Congressman Tonko for being the original cosponsor of the Grassroots Rural Water Small Community Water Systems Assistance Act and for your continued assistance.''    Mr. Chairman, I used to be a rural water circuit rider for over a decade back in Mississippi. As a circuit rider, as a water operations and compliance assistance technician who travels the State to be available on site and immediately to any small community that has water issues, the circuit rider concept was designed and funded by Congress to allow small communities access to technical expertise that is available to most all larger communities.    A typical on-site contact could include ensuring the water service is protected and secure, discovering and repairing a faulty chlorination system, assisting the community to remove and replace the filtration media, training a new operator to run that particular treatment system, finding engineering and construction errors in a new sewer system, solving lead and copper rule problems or completing all the paperwork for funding programs including the State revolving funds.    Often this means being available to travel to the communities on nights, weekends and during disasters when the problem occurs. Each community's water infrastructure is unique, which means technical assistance must be available to address that community's particular problem.    Regarding the Grassroots Rural and Small Community Water Systems Assistance Act, small and rural communities urge the subcommittee to approve the bill for the following reasons.    The EPA appropriation bill directs about one-half of 1 percent of the agency's internal budget to drinking water technical assistance.    Of the billions of dollars provided to EPA by Congress each year, small rural communities will tell you they see and feel the most benefit from the dollars provided to on-site technical assistance.    The bill reauthorizes the Safe Drinking Water Act technical assistance provision and mandates that EPA target congressional funding for the most beneficial assistance to small rural communities.    The preference provision in the bill ensures EPA will follow congressional intent and administration of the appropriations.    This provision would have implementing the program easier for EPA by providing greater clarity of the intent of Congress to require EPA to ask each technical assistance provider competing for the funding to simply demonstrate to what extent community water systems find their proposal to be the most beneficial and effective.    Small and rural communities are very hopeful the bill can be enacted in the remaining weeks of this congressional session and be operative in this appropriations cycle.    Currently, the small rural communities are struggling under new Federal regulations, complex funding program applications and continuing mandatory operator training requirements.    Thank you again for the opportunity to appear before the subcommittee and discuss this very important public health issue for small and rural communities.    I would be happy to entertain any questions from the subcommittee. Thank you.    Mr. Mayfield. Our technical assistance through our circuit rider program we go out and help these systems. It doesn't matter if it is technical, managerial or financial. We respond to these systems and these water systems--these operators look up to us to keep them updated on what the new Federal rules and regulations are.    So we are constantly doing training and even on-site training when we go and we are training them on what the new regulations are and how to meet them.    Mr. Mayfield. With Mississippi Rural Water, it has affected us with a reduction of staff. We have had to lay off two of our staff members that was funded under this program.    We are trying to keep our services up but sometimes it is difficult.    Mr. Mayfield. Yes, very much so it would. You know, we see the funding levels be real competitive when our systems, especially our smaller systems, have to go after the funding and you got some larger systems out there after the same funding. It is real competitive and having more funding would be a--help a whole lot better.    Mr. Mayfield. I agree with that.    Mr. Mayfield. Yes.    Mr. Mayfield. Very much so it would.    Mr. Mayfield. That is correct.    Mr. Mayfield. We do see that. The aging workforce, we have seen lots of operators will be retiring in the near future and not many young people coming up and, you know, National Rural Water has been looking at it for several years now how we could recruit more young people into the organization.    Mr. Mayfield. Yes, sir. I sure do.    Mr. Mayfield. There are 1,250 public utilities in the State of Mississippi and we have a 1,057 as our members. Of course, we still go help the ones that is not members, too.    Mr. Mayfield. Yes, sir. It really is.    Mr. Mayfield. Would love to.    In the Mississippi Delta where the poverty is real low, we have a little town called Shaw, Mississippi, up there. Shaw, Mississippi's chlorination equipment went down at one time. They could not provide the chlorination or the chlorine into the water so they just quit putting chlorine into the water.    Then their electrical control panels on their wells went down so they were having to go out there every day to turn the well on, fill the tank up, and just hope it stayed full.    And this went on for about 3 months. The primacy agency put them under a boil water notice and then we finally got the call to go up there, and our circuit rider went in and it was just something the matter that was wrong with the chlorination equipment.    He got the chlorination equipment up and going. Went over to the wells and tanks and got the electrical control panel going and then he stayed with them to be sure they could pull some clear water samples. They got chlorine in the water.    This town was having to buy bottled water for their school every day for three months there and this circuit rider come in. Within just a matter of a few days, had this system back into compliance and up and running.    Mr. Mayfield. That is just one of the many cases. In Wayne County, I mean, near Waynesboro, Mississippi, back last spring when we had a series of storms go through our State, one of our systems had a creek crossing blow out in the river over there.    Well, the operator of this system had cancer and had been sent to Houston for treatment and so when this creek crossing blowed out the board members had to take it on their own with what few employees--really, meter readers, basically--didn't know where everything was and they searched for that leak for two days.    They called our--called our office and I sent our circuit rider over there. Within about 4 hours he had to leave town in the creek.    But not only did he find the leak, he realized that without their operator there how desperate they was during this time. He stayed right there with them all day and almost night until they got the water fixed and back up and running.    Mr. Mayfield. We have 3 circuit riders in Mississippi.    Mr. Mayfield. Ninety-five to 97 percent of their time is for calls only now.    Mr. Mayfield. They are working calls.    Mr. Mayfield. The primacy agencies, you know, their men and women are engineers coming out of college. To be a circuit rider one of the national requirements is that you have a minimum of 5 years' experience actually out operating a system.    So our circuit riders can go out there and talk to these guys, men and women, just like they know everything going on. They have the hands-on experience of getting in that mud hole, fixing that leak, where these coming out of college does not have that experience. And it gives the operator as well as the circuit rider--they bond a lot closer together being there.    Mr. Mayfield. When these systems have a problem, we are the first call they make. I know you are from Mississippi and you have seen it advertised on TV, one call that is all. In the water business that is rural water.    That is the circuit riders. We are a one-stop shop. If they need technical managerial financial help we go in and help them.    We have went in, done great studies to where these systems have set there on their rates for years and years and not raised their rates and go in and help them get the rates at the right level and then they move forward from there.    Mr. Mayfield. That is a good question. Hurricane Katrina was something that none of us was prepared for but through the proper training we was ready for it.    Our water, as most of you know, much of the State of Mississippi was devastated by Hurricane Katrina. Within 5 to 6 days, 99 percent of our water systems was back up and running and this was due to the help of Rural Water and those operators having the proper training through this program here, training on how to react when something like this happens.    Rural Water jumped in and we got the easy systems up going, then we moved further south and we helped systems locate lines, locate leaks, fix leaks.    We brought crews in from all over the State and other States. Florida, Louisiana, Arkansas sent crews in and we stayed with Cedar Bay, St. Louis, some of the coastal towns for up to four to five weeks staff training.    Mr. Mayfield. Yes, sir.    NRWA is a nationwide program and like I said earlier, all of our people has a minimum of at least 5 years' experience working in the field with all these systems. So I think we are very experienced at it.    Mr. Mayfield. I would say not.    I would say that that should be left up to the organization presenting the proposal to EPA to explain to EPA how they are the most beneficial and provide the evidence.    Mr. Mayfield. We provide training and technical assistance and, you know, when we talk about technical assistance, like I said earlier, it is not just about the day to day operations in technical assistance.    So, for instance, December 23rd in Marion County, Mississippi, a tornado went through Columbia. We--I had my people to verify with Columbia they was OK and Columbia came back and told us they were OK, everything was up and good and running.    At 2:30 a.m. on Christmas Eve morning we get a call that the generator at Columbia had went down and they are at the hospital sitting right next to the treatment plant and they inform me when they call me at 2:30 a.m. that morning that we got 2 hours of water supply left for this hospital--what can you do to help us.    We jumped into action and at 4:45 a.m. that morning we had the generator hooked up and was pumping water. So it is about being there when you are needed, 24 hours a day, 7 days a week.    Mr. Mayfield. Well, I think that is something that we need to sit down and take a long look at, that the smaller systems gets more--is looked at more then they can be as competitive as the larger systems are.    Let me just----    Mr. Mayfield. That is right. And there, again, at some point in time, that is where consolidation and merging may have to come into the picture when these smaller towns cannot come up with this matching money.    Mr. Mayfield. I totally agree.    Mr. Mayfield. You get more customer base, therefore you keep your rates as low as you can and more customers actually can help pay those loans and grants that you receive.    I would like to, if I could, just step back just a quick second on technical assistance. When we are talking about technical assistance, one thing that is real good about our technical assistance providers, these men and women stay up on the latest technology out there, and when these towns, like you are talking about does go for loans and grants the engineer gives them a preliminary engineer report.    Now, lots of times our circuit riders can sit down with these towns and look at this preliminary engineer report and say look, there is a cheaper and better way to do it.    So we need to get these technical assistance providers working with these towns and cities on a case by case basis when it comes to these loans and grants.    Mr. Mayfield. A new experience every day.    Mr. Mayfield. We do get some money from USDA for the circuit rider program.    Mr. Mayfield. That is correct.    Mr. Mayfield. Yes, I agree with that.    Mr. Mayfield. That is correct. Yes, sir.    Mr. Mayfield. Yes, sir.    Before the money started getting cut through EPA, Mississippi had two, like, Mr. Stewart was talking about, source water people on the staff that was out in the field every day dealing with these type of problems. But, you know, when funding got cut we had to lay those two people off. But we still do it through training.