    Dr. Casado. Chairwoman Comstock, Chairman Loudermilk, Ranking Member Lipinski, Ranking Member Beyer, and other Members of the Committee, thank you for the opportunity to testify today. I'm super thrilled to be here.    I'm Martin Casado, Senior Vice President and General Manager of Networking and Security at VMWare. VMWare is the fourth largest software company in the world with 2014 revenues of over $6 billion and over 18,000 employees.    The nature of security breach at the Office of Personnel Management was not particularly unique. Hackers were able to penetrate perimeter networks' security systems and gain access to OPM and Department of Interior systems where they were free to access and steal sensitive data over a period of several months. Hackers typically use this attack methodology because traditional perimeter-centric security systems are structurally designed to be doors to the network. These doors allow authorized users access to network systems and prevent unauthorized users from entering a network or data center.    However, perimeter security is a single point of entry that must be breached or circumvented in order to enter the data center network. Once the intruder has passed the perimeter, there's no simple means to stop malicious activity from moving throughout the data center. In many cases, the response from companies, agencies, and network security vendors is to add more security technology to the perimeter, which ignores the structural issue, creating basically a Maginot line.    VMWare submits three salient points for consideration. One: Every recent agency breach has had one thing in common: the attacker, once inside the perimeter security, was able to move freely around the agency's network. Two: Perimeter-centric cyber security policies, mandates, and techniques are necessary, but insufficient and ineffective in protecting U.S. government cyber assets alone. Three: These cyber-attacks will continue, but we can greatly increase our ability to mitigate them and limit the damage and severity of the attacks when they do.    So in today's legacy networks, there are a lot of perimeter-centric technologies that are designed to stop an attacker from getting inside a network. Clearly, this approach is not sufficient to combat today's cyber-attacks. Perimeter-centric security solutions are analogous to a locked door that can only be accessed with a key. The primary function of the door is to deny initial unauthorized entry by anyone who does not have a key. However, once the door is forced open or breached, the unauthorized actor is free to move throughout unabated.    In order to effectively prevent an attacker from moving freely around the network, agencies must compartmentalize their existing network perimeter security by adding zero trust or micro-segmented network environments within the data center. A zero trust environment prevents unauthorized lateral movement within the data center by establishing automated governance rules that manage the movement of users and data between business systems or applications within the data center network. When a user or system breaks the rules, the potential threat incident is compartmentalized and security staff can take any appropriate remediation actions. To build on the analogy above, compartmentalization is equivalent to securing each interior room with locks, limiting the intruder's ability to move around freely within the house significantly. This mitigates the magnitude of a perimeter security breach, or break-in. These new approaches are already the gold standard in commercial industry and need to become the gold standard across the federal government.    VMWare has seen many government agencies conclude that the most effective means of mitigating the potential for a breach is to build a new network or data center called a ``greenfield'' environment with enhanced security protocols. Agencies reach this conclusion because existing data centers, or ``brownfield'' environments, are assumed to be compromised and unsalvageable. This is a legitimate strategy. However, it fails to address the persistent security threat to existing cyber infrastructure.    There are two main issues with this approach. Existing networks or data centers continue to operate while the new environment is being provisioned, which leaves sensitive data vulnerable to continuing attack. It can take months or years to stand up a new greenfield environment. As we've seen, this is what happened with the attack at OPM. They were building a new, enhanced network but the attack occurred on the existing system. Without clear cyber security guidelines mandating new software based security strategies that go beyond perimeter-centric security, the new environments are subject to attack as soon as they become operational.    In an era of constrained resources and imminent threat, this approach is insufficient and untimely. Agencies have the ability today to upgrade the security posture of their existing cyber infrastructure and add zero trust software defined solutions that are inherently more cost-effective than new, expensive hardware-based solutions. By deploying these technologies within our nation's existing networks and data centers, agencies can avoid billions of dollars of additional investment in new greenfield infrastructure when the compelling driver for a greenfield investment is strictly security related.    Thank you very much for the opportunity to testify today, and I look forward to answering the Committee's questions.    Dr. Casado. Just kind of quickly more on a positive note, I'm kind of a personal success story of this, so when I graduated with my Ph.D., I was thinking about being a professor, and instead I started working in the intelligence community, who decided to fund a startup that we were doing, and they were great to work with early on, and kind of to Congressman Beyer's point, I do think that there's a lot that we can learn from the government, and that turned into kind of one of the largest tech acquisitions in the private sector ever and a huge security initiative. So I think, you know, more working with the startup ecosystem--I mean, I'm a Silicon Valley guy--but more working with the startup ecosystem, funding that, allowing us access to the way that you think about the security technology I think will hugely help innovation.    Chairwoman Comstock. Thank you, and I want to particularly note the--I think, Mr. Wood, you call it the fifth war fighting command is cyber here. I'm running out of my time, but if we can get--and Mr. Clinton, the numbers and the comparison between private sector and the public sector and what we're spending and sort of the quality, I think that's a very helpful contrast and understanding. This is part of our defense system, and certainly as we've seen social media being used in the terrorism area and all those. So I appreciate you putting real emphasis on that. Thank you.    And I'll now recognize Mr. Lipinski.    Dr. Casado. I'm actually very positive about the actions that the government has taken over the last few years. I mean, I've worked with Incutel, I've worked directly with government agencies, and I think continuing to fund efforts that engage directly with startups, understanding that they're risky propositions and understanding that there's a high level of risk, I think is very beneficial. Again, I mean, all of the work that I've done in the last eight years has been based on my experience personally in the government and then funding from the government and it's turned into a major industry initiative, and so I would just encourage you to continue a lot of the work that you're doing, and----    Dr. Casado. Well, I think--I mean I think--I think it--the problem is, you're great at funding on the early stage, and then I think when things get a little bit bigger, it's harder for the startups to engage with the government because you get into these difficult procurement processes that are kind of owned by a number of people. So I would say normally what happens is, you do a great job kind of getting these guys incubating and then they find out that we can't really actually sell to the government because it's too hard and it's too sticky, so we go ahead and sell it to the private sector.    So one thing that you could really help out with is not only get these guys incubated and starting and providing them the initial funding but actually give them inroads into selling to the government, being an actual vendor to the government and helping that out. That was my--so originally we tried to actually engage the government, and it wasn't until eight years later that we could actually do it in a viable way, and now we're doing it in a way that we're very excited about, but actually having hand-holding of the procurement process early on would have been hugely helpful.    Dr. Casado. Yes. So we're actually working with NIST now but I don't believe it's currently codified within NIST, so I think that making it part of a standard would be greatly beneficial.    Dr. Casado. Yeah, I think this is rapidly becoming a best practice within industry and the private sector, and actually in some areas of management as well. I think putting it as part of a standard would be very beneficial.    Dr. Casado. Yes. I think for the last 15 years, I've had a lot of experience getting kind of research grants from the government. I was a research scientist in the National Lab. You guys, you know--DHS paid for my Ph.D. program. I was a DHS fellow and started my company. I've done a number of research grants while I was at the Ph.D., and the biggest difference in my experience between very useful funds and not very useful funds is the number of constraints that are on them, so more flexibility in applying funds to our direct research agenda led to better research. So I think the more agenda that goes prior to the funding, the harder it is for us to basically fit it within our broader research agenda, and so I do think that it's great to fund certain areas. I don't think it's so great to overconstrain the problems that are being looked at.    Dr. Casado. Yeah. So I'm 39 years old, and when I was 37, I got an email from my sister on my birthday and it was like, you know, dear brother, I'm so happy you're my brother, and there's a picture of us when we were kids that's really sweet, and then, you know, it was nice to see you last week. There was a picture of us more recently, and happy birthday, and there's a little link and so forth, and I was like--the first thing I thought, this is so sweet, you know, like my sister has never remembered my birthday before, and I thought you know what? My sister's never remembered my birthday before so I looked at the mail headers. It had come from Russia. Now, listen, I've got a technical background and I've got a sister that doesn't remember my birthday, and if either of these weren't----    Dr. Casado. And if either of these weren't true, I'd have clicked on that link and I would have infected my computer, and I think this tells me fundamentally that it's very important to train users and it's very important to do passwords but a determined attacker will find a way in. I mean, they got these pictures off of Facebook. It wasn't that hard to do. That was probably two hours of work to send me that email, and if I was anybody else, I would have clicked on that link. And so I think that's why I----    Dr. Casado. Well, I think there's two approaches. I think core education around security perimeters--I think actually Mr. Wood was very, very clear, and I think that these best practices are important. The second thing is, there are technical implements we need to put in place assuming a breach will happen, because it will happen. I mean, it's just a determined adversary will get in. Therefore, we need to implement a zero trust-type model.    Dr. Casado. Just very quickly, I mean, it seems to me IT goes through these phases where it kind of collapses and expands. We had mainframes, and they went to a whole bunch of computers and then they collapsed recently, and now they're expanding again. You've got mobile, iPhones, clouds, all of this other stuff. I think it's unrealistic from a day-to-day perspective, from an innovation perspective to assume people at work aren't accessing outside information and people outside aren't accessing work information. Every time I travel, I am constantly connected no matter where I go, whether it's vacation or not, and so I think we need to assume that this information is going to be accessed no matter where they are or what capacity that we're running under.    Dr. Casado. So I've worked in a SCIF. I had four computers that would measure like how far apart they were, so I'm very, very comfortable in these like high secure environments. I just think if you want to be competitive from a business perspective against other companies, you have to assume that your employees are going to be fully connected at all times.    Dr. Casado. I don't think you can do this without having an operational overhead. I really don't. I think you will limit the ability for the business to function.    Dr. Casado. That's a great question. So the technology and adoption has evolved enough that we know how to do this without disruption basically so early on it was kind of like well, you know, it's an extremely secure environment and extremely sensitive environment and, you know, we can kind of go and retrofit things and now we've got mostly software-based solutions that you can put in, you can do non-disruptively. Cost-benefits from a business perspective makes sense, so much so that, you know, this adoption is one of the fastest growing sectors of the enterprise software space. So I think it's not only practical but we have enough experience over the last couple of years to see adoption. So yeah, I think that actually this stuff is absolutely worth retrofitting.    Dr. Casado. So this is going to be an indirect answer to your question, but actually working with the government on the procurement side, something that's very difficult is when there isn't flexibility in budgeting, which I think it's actually difficult for the agencies and the departments to adopt new technology because the working capital that they have doesn't allow them to move as quickly as possible, and so from a purely financial side, more flexibility in their budgeting I think will help them and certainly help us be able to introduce new technologies into the government.