    Mr. Guinta. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I would also like to thank the panel for the discussion today of these legislative initiatives.    I have two areas of focus, one very quickly on H.R. 2987 for Mr. Ireland. Can you specifically state how many institutions H.R. 2987 will benefit at present?    Mr. Guinta. Okay. Thank you.    I want to move on to a different issue now, on H.R. 2287. The NCUA operates independent of the congressional appropriations process. Their annual operating budget is used to carry out a list of duties, such as examination and supervisory authority. However, a substantial portion of the NCUA operating budget is funded by a fee from federally-insured credit unions across the Nation. This fee is based upon the prior year asset balance and rates that are set internally by the board.    Our Federal agencies, I think, need to be transparent. They need to be accountable. I don't see much problem with that. I also took a look at the budgeting over the last decade, and it appears for the most part that the budget has gone up.    I took a look at the testimony earlier this year, on July 24th, I think it was, by Chair Matz, and I want to talk about that testimony a little bit. And I want to talk to Mr. Stanley about this.    Back on that date, she testified, and I believe the gentleman from Georgia, Mr. Scott, was asking the questions, and she made a statement, and the statement was this: ``I don't believe that the credit unions necessarily represent the members, and if they did, they wouldn't be asking us to cut our budget because I think the members would like us to protect their life savings and would like us to have the resources that we need to do that adequately.''    That was her statement. I, in full disclosure, am a member of a credit union. I wonder if I could first ask you one question. Do you know a woman by the name of Barbara Cunningham?    Mr. Guinta. Do you think Chair Matz knows Barbara Cunningham?    Mr. Guinta. I will tell you who Barbara Cunningham is. I know her. She is the loan officer at St. Mary's Bank, which is the oldest credit union in the Nation, that helped my wife and I get into our home. I trust her. I don't trust a faceless bureaucracy in Washington.    So I have significant problems with that one statement that Chair Matz made, because it suggests that the bureaucracy in Washington cares more about me than the person who lives in my community, who works with me to try to find a way to get a mortgage for a home for my wife and my two children. That is the fundamental problem I have with this notion that Washington knows better than people back home.    I served as a State representative, I served as a mayor, I served as a city alderman. I have known the people that I do business with for years, and I have a relationship with them. That is the fundamental obligation and responsibility that I think people feel when they, as customers, go into a credit union and have that direct relationship.    So when your statement earlier suggested that the transparency is not necessary, I find that hard to believe would be problematic in order for NCUA to do their job. I think they can do their job, they can show the public how they are spending their money, and the consumer also can have a relationship, and a good one, with their credit union.    So, unfortunately, my time has expired, and I can't get your response, but I will send you a written letter and ask for your response, because I do want to give you the opportunity to respond.    And I yield back.