    Mr. Green. Thank you, Mr. Chairman for--both you and Ranking Member Tonko for holding the hearing on the drinking water needs of smaller communities.    I represent a very urban district in unincorporated and incorporated Houston, Texas, and we have some of the same problems in our suburban areas that will not be annexed by our cities because the property tax could never cover the cost, and yet they are literally south of Intercontinental Airport in Houston and areas in that district, and over the years in Texas, we have received money from the State Revolving Fund. In fact, partnered with using it in some of these communities to provide fresh water but also partnering with the county because--for sewer service.    But it bothered me that last year Texas received the lowest amount of money from the State Revolving Fund of $53 million, and that goes back to 1997, and that is not anywhere nearly accounting for inflation. The fact is deeply troubling because of the significance in growing drinking water infrastructure needs of Texas in general, and, like I said, a very urban district. If it is in the city, they will get--they will do it, but this area is not attractive to be annexed, and it is very poor communities, and that is where we need the help. Their septic tanks fill, and, again, a very urban area and very shallow water wells. That is why this hearingis important.    My first question is, Mr. Newman, Mr. Selman, and Mr. Stewart, do you believe that the Congress should reauthorize the drinking water State Revolving Fund this year?    Mr. Green. I mean, it seems like an easy one----    Mr. Green. For the other three gentlemen, do all of you all agree we ought to reauthorize it?    Mr. Green. OK. Do you belive Congress should increase the funding provided to States and local communities through the drinking--through drinking water for State Revolving Fund? Raise the authorization for it?    Now, I will explain to folks, authorization is we have that, but, you know, you can raise the authorization as high as you want, you still have to go back every year and beg the Appropriations Committee for the money.    Mr. Green. If we get asked for appropriations----    Mr. Green. Do you think there are water needs around the country, not only in your States, but others?    Mr. Green. But should the fund be raised so we can cover more communities?    Mr. Green. Mr. Newman?    Mr. Green. You think there is something in the authorizing law that we need to change that would make that happen?    Mr. Green. You know, the biggest problem we have in my area is that these are very poor communities and to have a revolving fund and have it paid back, they could hardly afford the monthly water bill and sewer bill to be able to pay it back. So there is--that is the issue, again, in my area, and I assume it is in north Mississippi just like it is in other parts of rural Texas.    Mr. Stewart, you indicated you worked two decades on drinking water issues, and we have had--I used--the last few years our rain stopped at the Louisiana border, because from Beaumont, Texas all the way out west it has been drought. Not as much in the last year, though. We have had good rain in the Houston area, in southeast Texas, and all the way to Rio Grande Valley, but we still have problems out past San Antonio because that is still in a drought area.    How would you describe our current state of drinking water infrastructure in Texas?    Mr. Green. Well, and Texas did provide recently the voters, voted for a constitutional amendment to provide for it because of the problems we have.    In 2011 Harris County, as much of our State was in the grips of the drought, during the height of the drought, due to aging water lines, hardening soil, hundreds of water line breakage daily, resulting in billions of gallons of lost treated water, Mr. Stewart, do you have any sense of the economic impact of the 2011 drought had on our State?    Mr. Green. I know I am over time.    Thank you. I am sorry.    Mr. Green. We talk a little slower.