    Ms. ADAMS. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, for holding this important meeting. To our panelists today, our witnesses, for your presence and your participation, I thank you as well.    Each year, the Federal Government spends over $400 billion in taxpayer dollars to pay private companies for goods and services. In the past, Congress has used this significant financial might to help drive forward a number of policy goals. One such policy goal that is a priority for this Committee and for Congress is the participation of small businesses in the federal marketplace. As such, we have passed legislation aimed at ensuring all small businesses get a fair shot at these projects. Likewise, this Committee has worked in a bipartisan manner to help women- and minority-owned businesses navigate the procurement process, recognizing that as the country's largest consumer of goods and services, the Federal Government has the ability to use its buying power to advance priorities important to our Nation.    President Obama signed several executive orders and presidential memorandum setting standards for contractors doing good work for the government, and while funds received from Federal contracts boost local economies and allow firms to hire more employees, some firms play by their own set of rules to win these lucrative dollars. As a result, law-abiding businesses are disadvantaged and pushed out of the marketplace. Therefore, these executive actions are aimed at leveling the playing field for all contractors. From ensuring that contracting officers are looking at labor law violations when evaluating a firm's responsibility to protecting employees from discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation and providing sick leave and a higher minimum wage, these executive actions cover a wide range of areas to not only protect employees, but also protect the government from undue risk. So we should be clear of the businesses that perform work for the government. The overwhelming majority comply with laws and do right by their employees while providing excellent goods and services at competitive prices.    However, this Committee has heard of a number of bad actors that skirt the law and continue to receive Federal contract work. For instance, according to one report, almost half of the total initial penalty dollars assessed for Occupational Safety and Health Administration violations in 2012 were against companies holding Federal contracts. However, these businesses were rarely debarred or suspended from the federal marketplace as a result of their unsafe working environments.    Labor laws are crucial to a healthy economy. Allowing habitual violators to continue working with the federal government without requiring remedies puts employees at risk of injury and the government at risk of delays and additional costs.    So with regards to the executive orders on increasing wages and protecting employees seeking equal pay, studies have shown that higher wages lead to better quality of services, lower employee turnover, and more robust bidding by high-road employers, all of which improve the efficiency and the economy of federally contracted work.    While these executive actions have resulted or will result in new processes and procedures for Federal contractors, many of the changes will fit into the existing procurement process with the contracting officer using additional criteria to consider. Yet, as we hear today, many small firms are concerned with the cumulative impact impacting all executive orders will have on their businesses. Small businesses provide quality goods and services at affordable prices, meaning a better deal for the government and the taxpayer, yet they have smaller margins, and new regulations can be harder for them to absorb. With small businesses creating over two-thirds of new jobs, our economy needs both small businesses and sufficient employee protections to properly operate. Accordingly, it is important that we find the balance in which small businesses are not overly burdened by complying with the guidelines, while not diluting the protections afforded to law-abiding contractors through these executive orders.    With that, I look forward to hearing the witnesses' perspective on these important topics, and I yield back. Thank you, Mr. Chair.    Ms. ADAMS. Thank you, Mr. Chair.    It is my pleasure to introduce Dr. David Madland. Dr. Madland is a Senior Fellow and a Senior Advisor to the American Worker Project at the Center for American Progress. He has written extensively about the economy, including the middle class, economic inequality, retirement policy, labor unions, and workplace standards, such as the minimum wage. He has appeared frequently on television shows, including PBS NewsHour, and has been cited in publications such as The New York Times, The Wall Street Journal, and The Washington Post. Dr. Madland has a doctorate in government from Georgetown University and received his bachelor's degree from the University of California-Berkeley. Welcome, Dr. Madland.    Ms. ADAMS. Thank you, Mr. Chair.    Before we address the topic, I wanted to just get the panel's reaction to comments made by the CEO of Science Applications International Corporation, SAIC, last week in which the CEO indicated that small business set-asides and contract unbundling were making it harder for his company to get contracts. Do you feel like these comments are representative of what is going on in the federal marketplace? Anyone who would like to answer it?    Ms. ADAMS. Dr. Madland, do you have a comment?    Ms. ADAMS. Okay. Thank you.    Would anybody else like to comment? Yes, ma'am?    Ms. ADAMS. Thank you, ma'am.    Okay, Mr. Christianson, with many construction firms doing business in the millions, why is it so difficult for these firms to keep track of their legal infractions over a 3-year period?    Ms. ADAMS. Okay. Let me follow up. There has been a lot of discussion about the negative impact that these executive orders will have on small businesses. However, are there any welcomed changes that help those in your industry or are there areas where you feel more action is needed?    Ms. ADAMS. Thank you, sir. I am out of time.    Ms. ADAMS. Thank you, Mr. Chair.    Mr. Christianson, I wanted to follow up on something. You hinted about the lack of consistency between federal and state laws regarding regulations. If there were better consistencies between the federal and state statutes, would you be open to an executive order that promotes paid leave and other similar measures?    Ms. ADAMS. Well, not so much lawful, but what about consistency?    Ms. ADAMS. Okay, Mr. Hoffman, much of the objections to the Fair Pay and Safe Workplace Executive Order center on blacklisting, the idea that contracting officers are spoiling to disqualify firms for superfluous reasons. Do you feel that these concerns have been addressed in the final rules that the Department of Labor has issued?    Ms. ADAMS. Thank you, sir.    Dr. Madland, while we recognize the concerns that some small firms have expressed regarding the new overtime rules, as well as the increase in minimum wage, can you discuss some of the benefits for employers and the economy as a result of the changes?    Ms. ADAMS. Thank you. I yield back, Mr. Chair.