    Mr. Latta. Well, thank you very much, Mr. Chairman. And, Mr. Wilkins, thanks for being with us today.    Oversight of the FCC serves as a critical function in maintaining accountability and transparency at the agency. Given the FCC's integral role in the information and communications technology marketplace, we have a responsibility to ensure that the processes at the commission are not wasteful, and reflect a capability to handle such significant parts of our Nation's economy. With that said, today's hearing represents a valuable opportunity to examine the commission's budget management and spending practices. Additionally, it is important for us to gain a better understanding of the challenges facing the agency that contribute to limiting the efficiency of its operations. As a Representative, I take great responsibility in ensuring that taxpayer dollars are spent wisely and effectively.    I look forward to discussing how Congress can work with the commission to ensure the advancement of the communications and technology economy in a fiscally-responsible manner.    And, Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Latta. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Again, Mr. Wilkins, thanks very much for being here, and thanks for your testimony.    The Inspector General is required to conduct audits of the commission's financial statements. Did the IG audit the commission's fiscal year 2014 financial statements?    Mr. Latta. Did the audit report a material weakness with regard to the Universal Service Fund?    Mr. Latta. Could you describe what those weaknesses were or are?    Mr. Latta. So there was no impact on any monies out there?    Mr. Latta. OK. And did you say has this weakness been corrected and identified?    Mr. Latta. OK.    Mr. Latta. And how far back did that go?    Mr. Latta. OK. And also, I guess to follow up on that, is this the same issue that we discussed during your last visit here, and is it associated with any new financial system?    Mr. Latta. OK, and who is the contractor?    Mr. Latta. Right.    Mr. Latta. CGI, OK, thank you. And again, in fiscal year 2016, the budget request, it states that the commission is in the process of creating a Joint USF Antifraud Taskforce to combine resources agency-wide.    Mr. Latta. And I appreciate the effort for a more targeted approach to identify and prevent fraudulent activities within USF, however, the agency has requested $10 million for antifraud efforts within USF. How was this amount determined for the $10 million?    Mr. Latta. OK. And could you give a specific breakdown of that cost, for that $10 million?    Mr. Latta. OK. Well, and additionally, how much of the money is expected to be recovered through taxes of the taskforce and other antifraud measures?    Mr. Latta. OK. And the commission has also, as mentioned earlier, is requesting over $44 million to move to a new headquarters or for restacking. The budget request states that by moving or restacking FCC headquarters, this process would save the commission up to $119 million over 15 years. Can you explain how the commission reached that estimate of $119 million over the timeline of 15 years?    Mr. Latta. OK. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And my time has expired, and I yield back.    Mr. Latta . The gentleman yields back.    The chair now recognizes the gentlelady from New York, Ms. Clarke, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Latta. The gentlelady yields back.    And the chair now recognizes the gentleman from New Jersey, Mr. Lance, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Latta. I believe the gentleman yields back.    Mr. Latta. Thank you very much.    And the chair now recognizes the gentleman from New York for 5 minutes, Mr. Collins.    Mr. Latta. Thank you very much. The gentleman yields back.    And at this time, the chair recognizes the gentleman from North Dakota, Mr. Cramer, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Latta. Thank you very much. The gentleman yields back.    The chair now recognizes the gentleman from Ohio, Mr. Johnson, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Latta. The gentleman yields back.    And the chair recognizes the gentleman from Kansas, Mr. Pompeo, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Latta. The gentleman yields back.    And the chair recognizes the gentleman from Kentucky, Mr. Guthrie, for 5 minutes.