    Mr. Cochrane. Chairman Price and Mr. Ryan and members of the Committee, it is a real honor to talk to you today.    Yes, sclerotic growth is our country's most fundamental economic problem. If we could get back to the 3.5 percent postwar average, we would, in the next 30 years, triple rather than just double the size of the economy, and also tax revenues, which would do wonders for our debt problems.    So why has growth halved? The most plausible answer is, I think, simple and sensible: Our legal and regulatory system is slowly strangling the golden goose of growth.    How do we fix it? Harder. Our national economic debate just makes the same points louder, over and over again, and is going nowhere. So let's look together to find novel and effective policies that can appeal to both sides of the argument.    Let's get past too much regulation or too little regulation and fix regulation instead. Regulation is too discretionary. People can't read the rules and know what to do. Regulatory decisions take forever. Regulation has lost its rule of law protections. Agencies are cop, prosecutor, judge, jury, and executioner all in one. And most of all, regulation is becoming more politicized.    Congress can fix this. Let's get past spending more or spending less on social programs and fix the programs instead.    Often, if people earn an extra dollar, they lose more than a dollar of benefits. No wonder people get stuck. If we fix these disincentives, we will help people better, we will encourage growth and economy, and, in the end, we will spend less.    Now, spending is a serious problem, but just moving spending off the books doesn't help. For example, we allow a mortgage interest tax deduction, but that is exactly the same thing as collecting taxes and then sending checks to homeowners, but larger checks for high-income people, larger checks for people who borrow a lot, and larger checks for people who refinance often. You would never do that.    Suppose we eliminate the mortgage deduction and put housing subsidies on budget instead. The resulting homeowner subsidy would surely be a lot smaller, help lower-income people a lot more, and would be better targeted at getting people in houses. You would both be happy. The budget would look bigger, but in reality, we would be spending less and growing more.    Taxes. Tax reform fails because arguments over the level of taxes, subsidies, or redistribution torpedo sensible simplifications we all know we should do. We could achieve tax reform, then, by separating the four confounding issues.    First, determine the structure of taxes, just to raise revenue with minimal economic damage, but leave the rates blank, then separately negotiate the rates, put all the tax incentives and deductions in a separate subsidy code, and preferably as visible on-budget expenditures, and then separately add an income redistribution code.    If you did these four things separately, the necessary big fights over each one need not derail progress on the others.    I should say, a massive simplification of the Tax Code is, I think, more important than the rates and easier for us all to agree on.    Debt and deficits. Each year, the CBO correctly declares our long-term debt unsustainable and not much happens. Yelling louder won't work.    So let's, first, face the biggest problem, a debt crisis, when the U.S. really needs to borrow trillions of dollars and suddenly can't; a debt crisis, not a predictable rise in interest rates or something we can see coming. Crises are always sudden and unexpected, like earthquakes and wars. Even Greece could borrow at remarkably low interest rates--until, one day, all of a sudden it couldn't.    The answers are straightforward. Sensible reforms to Social Security and Medicare are on the table. Address underfunded pensions, huge credit and bailout guarantees, and other things that might force the U.S. to need a lot of money suddenly.    Buy some insurance. Every homeowner shopping for a mortgage chooses between a floating rate, lower initially, and a fixed rate, higher initially, but forever stopping the chance of interest rates going up and blowing their budget.    The same for the U.S. Fixed rates, borrowing longer, would forever insulate the budget from interest rate risks, and those are the essential ingredients of a debt crisis.    Above all, undertake simple pro-growth economic policies and grow out of the debt.    You may object that fundamental reform of this sort is not politically feasible. Well, what is politically feasible changes fast these days. Winston Churchill once said, Americans can be trusted to do the right thing after we have tried everything else. Well, we have tried everything else, so let's do the right thing.    Mr. Cochrane. Well, I did want do want to emphasize what Doug just said, which is we are in a very slow-growth moment, and this seems to be emerging as the new normal. What counts here is not a little year or 2 stimulus or whatever, but it is the new normal of 2 percent rather than 3.5 percent, which compounds forever. Growth comes from productivity, and productivity, unfortunately, mostly comes from new ideas, new companies, new ways of doing things, not just government investment.    So ask businesses why things are slowing down. Well, they can't get the permits anymore.    Mr. Cochrane. No. We have sand in the gears of the economy all over the place, regulation, law, taxes. Look for lots of places where, unfortunately, the government is getting in the way of this unpleasant process. Remember, when somebody invents a new idea, has a new company, puts the old guys out of business, it is unpleasant. That is why they come to Washington asking for protection. But it slows down the process of growth.    Mr. Cochrane. I think we can do much, much better. A precise number is hard to come by. But if you look across the world, notice, for example, the World Bank's ease of doing business index is correlated with astonishingly large levels in the difference of people's welfare. So unless you think this country is perfect, making the ease of doing business here could have similarly large effects.    Mr. Cochrane. You are asking me to comment on a bill I haven't read. The general idea, from what you have described, sounds very useful, in particular because a lot of the accounting for the U.S.'s fiscal situation is quite murky, even by private sector standards.    In addition to what is written down, we have our promises of Social Security and Medicare, which are many times the actual national debt. We have implicit guarantees that we are going to stand behind a bunch of loans and credits and bail people out that pose a danger to the fiscal stance of the United States.    So, yes, being clearer about the numbers might help a lot. Unfortunately, like wars, an army seems like a very expensive thing until suddenly you need it, and the same is true of debt. Our interest rates are very low right now, so it is hard to marshal a campaign that we have to worry about interest rates rising. Well, like wars, keep that powder dry, because you may need it some day.    Mr. Cochrane. Yeah. There is a picture that large debt sort of slowly, inexorably drives up interest rates and you can see what is happening. That is a possibility. But I think the larger danger is, one, the U.S. borrows relatively short term, we roll over our debts about every 2 years.    So we are sort of like a household that has taken the floating rate mortgage, and then if interest rates go up, all of a sudden our payments double and our income hasn't changed. And typically, that is going to happen at a moment when the U.S. also has to borrow a lot of money to fight a recession, fight a war, bail out of a bunch of banks, and whatever we want to do.    So we are in that situation that the rising interest rates could make the deficit much less sustainable than it already is. That is the key of what happened in Europe in many ways. You are fine with low interest rates. If interest rates go up, you can't afford anything. So you are very vulnerable to a sharp rise in rates.    Mr. Cochrane. So access to capital is an important problem. And I think I would point to a lot of the restrictions of the Dodd-Frank Act, which are really making it hard to get capital to companies like this.    Mr. Cochrane. And the Dodd-Frank Act is just cream on the cake of too much financial regulation getting in the way of exactly the problem you are pointing to.    On the bigger question, we all agree that basic science is worth subsidizing, economists in particular, but basic science is a drop in the bucket of Federal spending. You could double, triple it, and not even notice it in Federal spending.    There, too, the problem is you tend to invest in junk science sometimes.    Mr. Cochrane. Basic science is a drop in the bucket of the Federal----    Mr. Cochrane. Absolutely. However, there is a tendency to invest in things like demonstration programs and getting things up to scale. That is very expensive and has proven not nearly as effective as basic science.    I think the big argument we all have that we should talk about is how investments are made, not just how much. There is a tendency to build roads and bridges to nowhere, not the needed roads and bridges. Preschool might be useful, but education is a place where we have all seen you can pour money down rat holes and not improve the process.    So if you improved how you spend infrastructure money, I think you might get a lot more of it more willingly.    Mr. Cochrane. No.    Mr. Cochrane. Yeah. What is unsustainable eventually isn't sustained. And the question is, how does it blow up? And as soon as you fix it----    Mr. Cochrane. If it leads to a debt crisis where suddenly interest rates spike, the U.S. needs to borrow, and bond markets say ``no,'' it looks a lot like Greece, or Greece with inflation, take your pick. That is unpleasant.    The danger of focusing on deficits too much is it leads to ``let's raise taxes.'' This is what Europe did. Its austerity was not cutting government spending. Its austerity was raising taxes, and, as usual, raising--marginal tax rates--adding the disincentives to, God forbid, hire somebody or start a new company. And no wonder that didn't work.    So the temptation would be massive increase in taxes, which just slows the economy down even more. You don't get the revenue. And you end up in a very slow economy for a long time.    Mr. Cochrane. If the borrowing really did lead to positive rate of return projects, you could pay it back. And I would encourage borrowing to be long term so that if interest rates go up, you are not exposed to it.    The danger is borrowing that, then, gets thrown down the rat hole of stimulus rather than actually investing something that produces higher tax revenues in the future.    Mr. Cochrane. Yes.    Mr. Cochrane. I will start, and I will be quick.    I think ``designed'' is unfair. It is an unintended consequence that when you phase out a benefit, then that gives a disincentive to work.    More than just work versus not work, it gives you a disincentive to invest in human capital, to make hard investments today that will pay off tomorrow.    Even the CBO report mentioned the ACA as one of the many disincentives to be in the labor force. And the labor force participation rate, I think, is one of our biggest worries. Even prime age males, the numbers of them who are even looking for a job is very low. I think a lot of people are stuck in social programs because of those cliffs. Yes, it would help a lot to get people back to work and back into better jobs.    Mr. Cochrane. I think we can push it out a lot farther a lot faster. We are actually in the strange position that the Treasury has started to lengthen the maturity to debt, and the Fed turned right around and bought that stuff back up again.    We need Treasury and the Fed to get together on who is in charge of this crucial question. And even the Treasury is not that clear that part of their job is to manage the risks to the budget of what if interest rates go up. They kind of think of their job as try to borrow at the lowest level possible, but not really this crucial question every household faces.    The fixed-rate mortgage, we know what we are paying; the floating-rate mortgage, it looks a little lower, but we could really be in trouble. And not even the Treasury is really in charge of that question.    I think liquidity is overstated. Queen Victoria raised her money on perpetuities that were an infinite maturity debt, and those were very low interest rate. Markets get used to stuff pretty quick.    Mr. Cochrane. Lots of sand in the gears. Every single market----    Mr. Cochrane. Overregulation, tax--not just the tax rates. I think actually, if you could spend 5 minutes filling out your taxes and it was a high rate and it was a predictable rate, that wouldn't be so bad. I think the complexity is, in fact, really hurting the growth, because lots of businesses are structured around taxes and everybody is in Washington coming to get their special deal as opposed to just the tax rate.    So, yeah. Regulation. Regulation and economic law. Labor law. We put so many barriers between your desire to hire someone and how much money he or she takes home and their ability to work. There is just sand in the gears everywhere.    I would like to come back for just a second, though. On the corporate taxes, we have got to remember, every cent of corporate tax comes from higher prices, lower wages, in theory lower returns to shareholders, but they just go overseas if they don't get what they want. So almost all comes from people, higher prices or lower wages, and typically those aren't high-income people.    So, in fact, if you reduce corporate taxes and tax the people who get the profits, you even get a more progressive Tax Code, as well as reducing all the incentives for all of those guys to be here every December to come down and ask for some special credit or deal.    Mr. Cochrane. Yeah. So the U.K. grew out of, like, 200 percent debt-to-GDP ratio or more following the Napoleonic Wars. I mean, you can grow out of large debts if you are not running larger and larger deficits on the way.    Mr. Cochrane. Oh, yeah.    Mr. Cochrane. Well, I wanted to help you appeal to your colleagues on the other side of the aisle.    What certainly will happen is a fairly chaotic cut in benefit. What happens to countries when they run out of their fiscal ability is people who are counting on Social Security, their cuts come big and heavy and unpredicted. Look at poor Russians, they are stuck. Those pensions went. Health care is going to get rationed and really cheap, and people who are counting on Medicare aren't going to get it.    So you want to reform those programs predictably ahead of time and not when you run out of the ability to borrow money and suddenly people who are counting on it are thrown out on their own. That is what will happen.    Mr. Cochrane. There is a great quip: Growth started when ideas started having sex. So ideas, new processes, new products, new ways of doing things, from fundamental research, from applied research, but then that can translate into new companies, new ways of doing things. That is the hard part.    Mr. Cochrane. Deirdre McCloskey.    Mr. Cochrane. A whole lot of get out of the way.    Mr. Cochrane. And I would add to your immigrants, high-skilled immigrants want to come to this country, build new companies, hire Americans, and pay off Social Security, and we keep them out. At least we could agree on that.    Mr. Cochrane. I think you are pointing it out. Now, somebody might look at that graph and say, well, maybe we would get lucky like Japan and interest rates would stay low and we wouldn't spend that, to which I think you might ask, but what if interest rates are higher than that projection? Now we are in really deep trouble.    A hundred percent debt-to-GDP ratio means that a 5 percent interest rate means the deficit every year is 5 percentage points of GDP higher. It is the risk, I think, more than the forecast.    I would like to also put in another thing to something you said earlier. We have been talking about infrastructure and is it good, is it not. But our growth rate got cut in half. Now, there are potholes. I don't like potholes. But there is no case that potholes and traffic jams are what cut the U.S. growth rate in half. I may have flubbed the question of did regulations really add up to it or not, but there is just no case that we have cut in half growth rate because the roads and bridges are bad.    Mr. Cochrane. Oh, boy, how many horror stories of regulation do you want to hear. But I do think we need to get past the rhetoric of too much or too little to the broken structure of regulation, not just the costs of compliance, as if you can just hire this out and fill out some forms, but the uncertainties. You put your drug application into the FDA, who knows when it will come in or out.    That is something that changes the structure of the business and makes a whole idea unprofitable, not just there is this compliance cost, which bad enough as it is.    Mr. Cochrane. It already starts bad, because it happens because we failed to grow. So Mr. and Mrs. American Public's income is 20, 30 percent or more less than it would have been otherwise. We are talking about huge numbers when we talk about growth, more than anything else. Yes.    And then you live in chaos. Look what happened in Greece after its debt crisis. You start with a sclerotic economy, you get a dysfunctional government, then all of a sudden the government grabs everything it can.    Mr. Cochrane. You are going to default on something.    Mr. Cochrane. Those things will have to get cut chaotically.    Mr. Cochrane. Yes. Along with savings and businesses and everything else. Don't let it happen.