    Mr. Ratcliffe. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Thanks for holding this hearing today. I appreciate all the witnesses being here. I think it has been a very good hearing and discussion about many of the inequities that our current tax system has that is frankly resulting in taxation without representation.    Mr. Lindholm, I would like to start with you. In your written testimony, you discussed the disproportionate costs of the current system on folks who live in states with no personal income tax like the 700,000 Texans that I represent. And I agree with you.    Many of my constituents are severely impacted under the current structure. They have to deal with enormous compliance costs and can't file for refunds or credits in other states. But, some of my colleagues here are still arguing that the Mobile Workforce Act isn't necessary because states offer these offsetting credits for income taxes paid in other jurisdictions.    So my question is: Can you talk about whether or not these offsetting credits do anything to solve the problem of a filing burden for employees and employers?    Mr. Ratcliffe. Thank you, Mr. Lindholm.    Mr. Leaman, like Mr. Lindholm, in your testimony you talk about this confusing patchwork of state income tax rules that your employees are forced to grapple with every year. And I appreciated your testimony. I want to make sure that I heard it clearly with respect to nonresident filings often involving minimal taxes. Did I hear that correctly?    Mr. Ratcliffe. So is that another way of saying that in some circumstances you have mobile employees that have to hire a tax professional at hundreds of dollars per hour to pay for taxes that might be just a few dollars?    Mr. Ratcliffe. Okay.    Well, I would hope that everyone here could agree that in addition to being unfair, that is just absurd. And also observed was the fact that you discussed with Chairman Marino, and I want to make sure that I heard that clearly. Are there mobile employees that are sometimes receiving 50 W-2s per year?    Mr. Ratcliffe. Well, I know how difficult it is to deal with the IRS with one W-2. I can't imagine having to deal with 50, but let me ask you this question. Are these the types of employees that are making hundreds of thousands of dollars so that they can easily absorb the compliance costs?    Mr. Ratcliffe. Okay.    So would it be fair to say, then, in some cases this huge compliance burden is falling on some of the people that can afford it the least?    Mr. Ratcliffe. Mr. Leaman, H.R. 2315 uses the word ``simplification'' in its title. Does this proposed bill, does it actually simplify as advertised? In other words, would it bring uniformity?    Mr. Ratcliffe. Thank you.    I see my time has expired. I yield back.