    Mr. Sablan. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman. And buenos tardes, everyone. I apologize that it took me, from the Northern Marianas, a little over 500 years before we--I got to see my fellow people from Puerto Rico. At one time we all owed allegiance to a queen. It has been a long time after that allegiance to the queen that you became a part of the United States.    I want to begin by welcoming the witnesses to the hearing, particularly those who traveled from the Island of Puerto Rico to be with us today. I also want to recognize my good friend and colleague, Ms. Gutierrez from Illinois. And I think I saw Ms. Nydia Velazquez here earlier.    I want to especially welcome the leaders of Puerto Rico's three major political parties, as well as our former Natural Resources Committee colleagues, Congressmen and former governors, Luis Fortuno, Anibal Acevedo Vila, and Carlos Romero Barcelo.    Today's hearing will examine the link between the current economic conditions on Puerto Rico and the unresolved issue of the island's political status. I believe such an examination is fitting, given the severe fiscal difficulties the island is facing.    Currently, the government of Puerto Rico is $73 billion in debt, and there are real concerns that the central government, or one of its instrumentalities, may soon default on its bond payment.    I am from the Northern Mariana Islands, which is a commonwealth that has a permanent relationship with the United States. When Puerto Rico becomes a state, we are next in line, because we start first with the commonwealths, and then we do the others. That is a joke, OK? It is a joke. We have to lighten up the room.    Mr. Sablan. But that makes sense. The commonwealth status in the Marianas was derived from looking at the Puerto Rico status model. Puerto Rico and the Northern Marianas have a long history, like I have alluded earlier. We were a part of Spain, just prior to the Spanish-American War.    But prior to the covenant approval between the United States and the Northern Mariana Islands, the political status commission had to decide the future political status for all the people of the Northern Mariana Islands. And this was no easy feat for a group of Pacific Islanders who had been colonies for hundreds of years, and by an act of political self-determination, we chose a permanent relationship with the United States.    We also had a plebiscite to decide whether we wanted to vote for commonwealth status or reject it with the caveat to participate in the determination of an alternative future political status. We had one. Puerto Rico will have five or six to reach that decision.    I strongly believe that the people of Puerto Rico should similarly be given the opportunity to exercise their right to establish a permanent, unalterable relationship with the United States, or to become an independent country, controlling their own political and economic affairs.    Puerto Ricans have voted in at least five plebiscites since they ratified their local constitution in 1952. The most recent in 2012 saw statehood winning a majority for the first time. In view of this result, which saw statehood receiving 62 percent of the vote and the current status being rejected by 54 percent of voters, my colleague, Congressman Pierluisi, introduced H.R. 727, the Puerto Rico Statehood Admission Process Act.    H.R. 727 would authorize a federally-sponsored vote to be held in Puerto Rico by the end of 2017, with a ballot containing a single question: ``Shall Puerto Rico be admitted as a state of the United States'' ? As a co-sponsor of the Puerto Rico Statehood Admission Act, I am persuaded that the island's territorial status is a cause of its economic conditions.    The unequal treatment in Federal funding currently experienced by Puerto Rico would be transformed into billions of dollars every year under statehood, which would be used to bolster and transform the Puerto Rican local economy for the people of Puerto Rico.    Puerto Rico's status is also the reason its municipalities, such as the Puerto Rico Electric Power Authority, cannot adjust their debts under Chapter 9 of the Federal Bankruptcy Code if they become insolvent. States can choose to allow the municipalities to file for protection under Chapter 9; however, Puerto Rico's government was not authorized to permit its municipalities to seek Chapter 9 bankruptcy relief when Chapter 9 was established by Congress in 1982.    Mr. Chairman, I look forward to working with you to pursue a solution to the unfair and unequal situation that our fellow Americans in Puerto Rico face. It is high time we reached a consensus on a path forward for Puerto Rico to permanently resolve their political status. I thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Sablan. I will yield to----    Mr. Sablan. I will yield to Mrs. Torres.    Mr. Sablan. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman. And welcome again, everyone.    Now, this panel, let me get something straight. This panel consists of the heads of three political parties in Puerto Rico. Is that correct? Mr. Pierluisi is the President of the New Progressive Party; the Minister of Justice was the Popular Democratic Party; and Mr. Berrios is the President of Puerto Rico Independence Party? Is that correct?    Mr. Sablan. So what, then, are you doing here, if you didn't get invited? We invited the President of the Popular Democratic Party.    Mr. Sablan. Why are you here?    Mr. Sablan. We made the invitation. We should know who we invited--and I think maybe you misunderstood, but we certainly don't misunderstand who we invited. Can I ask you a political question, then?    Mr. Sablan. I am confused now, because my questions are directed to you----    Mr. Sablan. You don't have to decide when to answer, sir. If you came here, I am assuming you came here as the head of a party. But you don't just come here--I mean this is by invitation only.    Mr. Sablan. So let me ask you--because the Governor was invited to testify. You agree with that, at least, right? About Puerto Rico's political status, and the connection between that party, the island's territorial status, and its economic problems--and let me ask you something, because--let me make it very clear. You want Chapter 9 for Puerto Rico, right? You think it benefits Puerto Rico----    Mr. Sablan. You agree with that, right?    Mr. Sablan. That Chapter 9 is allowed for states.    Mr. Sablan. States--the 50 states have the privilege of Chapter 9----    Mr. Sablan. So you don't want to be a state, but you want what belongs to a state.    Mr. Sablan. All right.    Mr. Sablan. That is not just Puerto Rico----    Mr. Sablan. That is not exclusive to Puerto Rico, that is also to the other territories, including the Northern Marianas. But you want something that is a privilege extended to the 50 states, and you want that for Puerto Rico, but you don't want Puerto Rico to be a state.    You are holding on also--I understand your government----    Mr. Sablan . You are holding on to $2.5 million that we appropriated for a plebiscite, a straight up or down question on whether Puerto Rico should favor statehood, Puerto Ricans favor statehood. You haven't had that plebiscite. We gave you the money, so it is no longer a question of money. So why don't you have that plebiscite?    Mr. Sablan. Mr. Chairman, he is not going to answer my question. I yield back.    Mr. Sablan. Yes, I am going to yield to the dean of those Members of Congress who don't have a vote. She is our dean.    Mr. Sablan. Yes, on the EPA part, you get it whether you are an outlying area, you could be in Midway and get the EPA. Trust me.    Mr. Sablan. Would it be possible for the people of Puerto Rico to come together and figure this out themselves, and then come to Congress and tell us what it is you want?    I have learned in my short 7 years here in Congress that you don't ask a question unless you know the answer. If you are really going to look to Congress for guidance--seriously, is there a way for you to finally come together and----    Mr. Sablan. I yield to the gentleman from Puerto Rico.    Mr. Sablan. Reclaiming my time----    Mr. Sablan. Reclaiming my time. I am just suggesting--I am naive--that in Puerto Rico, just like in the Northern Mariana Islands, politics is something we discuss breakfast, lunch, and dinner.    I reclaim, Mr. Chairman, and this is interesting, I hope I didn't offend anyone. And, if I did, then that is your problem, not mine.    Mr. Sablan. But I am enlightened. I am going through the same growing pains, although Puerto Rico has been in this since 1902--or 1908.    Mr. Sablan. 1898. Well, see, that is what happened when that war broke out in Cuba. The United States won the war. They kept Puerto Rico and sold off to the Germans. And that is where we left off, but now I am so glad we are together again. See, it is so wonderful. The world goes around in circles. And in 100 years we will probably be down there and you are up here, because you are a state.    But I will tell you this much. There are so many times when I am trying to get something done in Congress and I pray, ``If only Puerto Rico were a state, and they would be out of my way.''    Mr. Sablan. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman, for this hearing.