    Mr. McNerney. I thank the chair.    Concerning the ISP privacy proposal, Chairman Wheeler, I believe that consumers should have control over their data, what they disclose and how their data is used. Recognizing that the average internet users may not be aware of the multiple entities, such as the ISP and Web sites, the collective data, will your proposal ensure that consumers have an understanding of what entities are collecting their information?    Mr. McNerney. How will do you that?    Mr. McNerney. Are you going to require opt-ins or opt-outs as part of this?    Mr. McNerney. So the consumers will have to opt-in or opt-out, depending on what they want?    Mr. McNerney. Thank you. Data security is a critical element of the ISP privacy proposal, at least in my opinion. One of the things you can do is called out by requiring reasonable steps but what does the Commission mean by reasonable steps? What does that constitute?    Mr. McNerney. So, you don't believe in establishing a standard through some process and then applying that standard.    Mr. McNerney. OK, thank you.    Regarding set top boxes, as you know, I wrote a letter to you with Mr. Barton and Mrs. Ellmers regarding the privacy issues under your proposals. I appreciate you responded. We got that letter last week. Although I have a few questions about the certification process.    How would consumers go about raising a potential violation of self-certification or independent certification?    Mr. McNerney. Well then who would decide an evaluation that warrants a revocation?    Mr. McNerney. And the certification.    Mr. McNerney. Thank you.    Commissioner Clyburn, I am also interested in the Lifeline but in California, our customers get a state subsidy, along with a Wi-Fi subsidy and yet, some of our providers are saying that even with that with the most generous state subsidy in the United States, they are still not able to supply, provide the basic services that are available warranted. How do you see addressing that problem?    Mr. McNerney. So, there may be co-payments involved?    Mr. McNerney. Thank you, Mr. Chairman for indulging me.