    Mr. Moolenaar. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And I also want to thank all of you as panelists for being here, and especially appreciate Dr. Buhler from Michigan State University. We are very proud of Michigan State.    And I wanted to just direct some of my questions to you if that is all right, and then maybe have one question for the entire group. But first of all, thank you for testifying. And Michigan State has really played a lead role in our country, and especially in our state, in agricultural research. And I had a few questions for you based on the understanding I have, and these are kind of technical questions, but one of the questions would be on the Hatch Act, requiring dollar-for-dollar matching funds from state-appropriations. Also requires each state to use 25 percent of its Hatch Act funds to support multi-state or regional research. Do you believe those percentages should be modified at all, or is that the right approach?    Mr. Moolenaar. And then in your comments you also mentioned working across agencies. Could you speak to that a bit more also?    Mr. Moolenaar. Along those lines, USDA recently began implementing a two-stage review process for competitive grants, that relevancy is considered under that as well as peer review. Do you think this emphasis on relevancy can improve the producers' support for these programs?    Mr. Moolenaar. Okay. And then I want to ask you a little bit about cooperative extension, improving communications to constituents involving our food supply. One of the things I wanted to ask all of you is, as we did this GMO labeling bill, it was clear to me that a lot of the advances in biotechnology are being viewed with fear or suspicion, and I just wonder what your universities' role or cooperative extension might play in that.    Mr. Moolenaar. Thank you.    Mr. Chairman, I know we are out of time, I don't know if any of the others wanted to comment on that topic, or if you have additional questions.    The Chairman. Let's get to some of the other Members----    Mr. Moolenaar. Okay.    The Chairman.--and we can go back to that----    Mr. Moolenaar. Thank you very much.    The Chairman.--if possible.