    Mr.  Connolly. I thank the chair, and I would ask unanimous consent that my statement be entered into the record in full.    Mr.  Connolly. I thank the chair.    Mr. Vitiello, in listening to this last line of questioning, gosh, I seemed to think some progress has been made, but maybe I am wrong.    How many Border Patrol agents are there now on the southern border?    Mr.  Connolly. And how many would there have been 8 years ago?    Mr.  Connolly. Right. So we have doubled them.    And the immigration reform bill that had been worked out on a bipartisan basis in the Senate would have doubled that again. Is that correct?    Mr.  Connolly. Yes. So we doubled the Border Patrol agents.    Deportations, they have fallen to record lows in that 8-year time period, Mr. Vitiello?    Mr.  Connolly. No, but is it not true that in this last 8-year period, we actually had record deportations?    Mr.  Connolly. Because we more effective at deterring.    At the height of deportations in the last 8 years, Ms. Acer, were they higher than in the previous 8 years?    Mr.  Connolly. An all-time high. In this administration?    Mr.  Connolly. Right. Not hiding by executive order and so forth. Sounds good.    But actually there is another record to be told.    Going back, Mr. Vitiello, to your point about secure borders, so you mean to say it is hard to get into the United States, the borders are less porous, because the measures that were put in place, including personnel, are in fact more effective? Is that correct?    Mr.  Connolly. And all of that combined has allowed us to catch people if they try to cross the border?    Mr.  Connolly. So we are deterring lots of people at the border?    Mr.  Connolly. Mr. Mica made the point, he used El Chapo as an example, but we hear it anecdotally, people who are deported, including bad actors, gang leaders, especially from El Salvador and Honduras, who multiple times they are deported and multiple times reenter the United States. Deportation is not, for them, some sort of penultimate punishment or deterrence, for that matter.    Could you comment on that? What are we doing to try to make sure that repeat entrants, illegal entrants, are in fact permanently barred and deterred, and we are effective at it?    Mr.  Connolly. Do you have a special division or a special targeting task force or a system with respect to gang activities? Certainly, in a lot of our communities, we are worried about people, bad actors, who are vicious gang members, often from Central America, and we don't want them in our communities, and we don't want them in this country, and we want them back home, although that causes problems, too, we understand.    But are you targeting that particular subgroup in this context?    Mr.  Connolly. Mr. Chairman, if I could just follow up?    Okay, that is good, but I am asking, can we target them and profile them as a likely repeat offender to reenter, and that is what we want to deter to begin with?    Mr.  Connolly. Thank you.    My time is up. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.