    Mr. Sherman. Ambassador, one thing I noticed about your opening statement was your lavish praise for the Ukrainian Parliament passing so much substantive legislation and you compared it to Congress.    Ambassador Nuland. I didn't compare it----    Mr. Sherman. I would just note for the record, and maybe it wasn't a comparison but came very close, that every day someone in the administration urges me to work hard to block legislation they don't like. And 99 percent of the bills that the administration does not want on the President's desk are not there due to the hard work of your allies here in Congress. So if you want lots of legislation passed, be sure that that is a consistent view of the administration.    Now many of my colleagues at the beginning talked about how we need a strong policy and who would come here and advocate a weak policy, but we do need to put this Ukrainian situation in context. America has limited power and we seem to face unlimited challenges--Iran, ISIS, China in the South China Sea, the Afghanistan, some difficulties in Pakistan. So we have to go with strength and nuance, although frankly I think in this case we need a little bit more strength, a little bit less nuance.    There is talk about capturing Mariupol and then going and building a land bridge to Crimea. My concern is they will want to build a land bridge to Trans-Dniester or Moldova and take all of Ukraine's coastal territory and access to the Black Sea.    A lot of discussion of whether we should provide lethal weapons, albeit defensive lethal weapons to Ukraine, and such lethal aid would have an effect on the battlefield but also a political effect. These aren't weapons they are getting their hands on from Paraguay. These are weapons from the world's superpower. We can give Ukraine money or we could give them weapons. If they had money they could buy weapons. If the Ukrainian Government had sufficient money is there anything, looking at the defensive weapons that are being discussed, that they could not buy from some source? So the real question here is can we have the battlefield effects suggested by my colleagues by providing money?    Ambassador Nuland. First of all, Congressman, I certainly didn't mean any invidious comparison. I was simply giving props to these legislators who have taken some tough decisions.    Mr. Sherman. I understand. I understand.    Ambassador Nuland. Please.    Mr. Sherman. Yes.    Ambassador Nuland. With regard to your concern about a race all along the southern rim of Ukrainian territory, not only a land bridge to Crimea but onward to Moldova, we worry about that, too. That is why we are paying such close attention today to these villages between the ceasefire line and the----    Mr. Sherman. If you could focus on the question I asked.    Ambassador Nuland. Exactly. With regard to what one can buy on the international market, a number of the things that the Ukrainians have requested are not readily available unless the U.S. were to license onward export. And we have a number of countries including our allies----    Mr. Sherman. We are just talking anti-tank weapons. I mean I see those in the World War II movies.    Ambassador Nuland. They have also been out shopping on the world market and have had a lot of difficulty getting countries to provide in the absence of the U.S. providing.    Mr. Sherman. And yet our enemies turn money into weapons with great ease. You mentioned the importance of--if we can have order in the committee. You mentioned the regions and devolving power to the regions. That is controversial in Kyiv, and yet if power is devolved to the regions that undercuts Russian propaganda. It creates more support for a Ukrainian state.    Is it true that under the present Constitution the governor of each state is appointed by Kyiv? I know we have some gentlemen here from Texas who are wondering whether President Obama will appoint their governor. I don't think that would be a way to be popular in Texas. Have the Ukrainians changed their system so each region can elect its own governor?    Ambassador Nuland. Congressman, that is one of the issues that is going to be debated as they move through constitutional reform. As you know, their system is very similar to the system in Russia and other post-Soviet states where the executive is appointed and the Parliament is elected locally. But on this issue of decentralization--just to say that it is actually broadly popular across Ukraine, not just in the east. One of the ways that the oligarchs in power in Kyiv manage things--and that Moscow was able to help them manage things--was because everything was centralized. So there is broad support for decentralizing budget authority, tax authority, local policing, all these kinds of things, and I think you will see that.    Mr. Sherman. And hopefully electing your own governor would be part of that. Because our friends in Kyiv need to help themselves, not just ask for our help, and they could help themselves a lot by countering that Russian propaganda.    I yield back.