    Mr. Lynch. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank you for your testimony, Director Cordray, we appreciate it. And I do want to support my colleague, Mr. Capuano's, concern about the language surrounding three deckers.    I have known Mr. Capuano for many years and there is an old story about his dad and his three decker. At one point when Mike was a young boy, the election commissioner got a report that there were over a hundred registered voters residing at Mr. Capuano's three decker.    And so they went out to Mr. Capuano's house and the election commissioner said, ``Can you explain why there are a hundred registered voters living at this three decker?'' And Mr. Capuano said, ``Easy, the top floor is empty.''    Anyway, I do want to talk to you about reverse--    Mr. Lynch. All true, I am sure. The CFPB just completed a report on reverse mortgages and this issue is percolating in my district. It seems we are having more and more concerns among seniors about consumer risks associated with reverse mortgages.    I know there has been some outreach but it seems to be sort of hit or miss depending on the neighborhood, at least in my district. How was the CFPB going out and communicating the risk that might be present in some of these reverse mortgages, especially since we are talking about an elderly community, people who are less sophisticated, and in many cases, they have their whole life savings wrapped up in their homes?    And you have a lot of very, I would say, slick advertisements on TV, and in some cases misinformation. What are you doing at the CFPB to sort of counteract that?    Mr. Lynch. I appreciate that. Just a couple of thoughts--one of my constituents had a provision in their reverse mortgage that if they vacated the home for any reason, including a long-term hospital stay, that would trigger the dissolution and the person would basically lose their home if they couldn't come back.    So, that was a problem and it wasn't clearly articulated. I do want to say that in connection with the Affordable Care Act, they did do a pretty good job with advocacy and outreach; that is a very complex bill as well.    Mr. Lynch. There is a group called SHINE--what is it, the Servicing the Health Insurance Needs of Elders. And they just go out en masse and they go to these senior--in our neighborhoods it is oftentimes just a neighborhood group that is centered on seniors. But they go out and they will explain that and word goes out so that these people have the ability to defend themselves. I am not sure if you are equipped to do that type of advocacy and education but I think it is needed in this area.    Mr. Lynch. Yes. The Council on Aging is also a very effective group.    Mr. Lynch. Thank you.