    Mr. Young. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and the ranking member, for holding this hearing. You know, the University of Alaska in Fairbanks is named one of the designated area test sites for the UAS. But the frustration they have is the certification of authority process, Mr. Whitaker.    Is the FAA doing anything to shorten this process? They have been granted, but it takes a long, long time. Why does it take that long? Are you improving that time factor?    Mr. Young. Well, they are very complimentary to your efforts, but they just want to expedite the process. Now it is taking 1 year, 2 years sometimes. And we need to solve that problem. That is number one.    Mr. Young. Captain, what kind of equipment do you have on your aircraft for collision avoidance? You say you can't--you know, if you have to look for this drone, don't you have equipment in the airplane that can identify an object in front of you quicker than just by eyesight?    Mr. Young. Even with the radar system, the collision avoidance----    Mr. Young. Mr. Hanson, how did you get in such a good position, as far as model airplanes? I mean, for a while, you were under attack, because I remember that when I was chairman of this committee. And now, how did you achieve that? What can they do in this unmanned aircraft to make that same strides forward?    Mr. Young. Doctor, technology. You are an expert in that arena, a pilot. What would happen if we required the manufacturers to put a kill button in the unmanned aircraft if they got within a certain many feet of an airport? That is really what we are here for, the danger to the airplane that is flying, and the pilot who is flying. Could there be technology that way?    Because it is--most of these are battery-operated, correct? Very few of them are run by fossil fuels.    Mr. Young. Sort of like electric fences--I drive my golf cart the other day, and you can't go close to the green because they have this communication that stops the golf cart. So why couldn't the technology be applied to any of these hobby drones where the thing dies?    Mr. Young. Well, you lose your drone, you won't do it again, I guarantee it.    Mr. Young. But I am just looking--the technology.    And, Mr. Chairman, if I may say, you at this table help us write this legislation. Because when we write legislation, 99 percent of the time it is screwed up. They don't really understand the problem unless we get input from those people directly--the airline, the FAA, the Government agencies, and those that have knowledge on how it works. So we have to use your input, Mr. Chairman. And I say this from experience of 44 years, that most of this legislation we have written doesn't work. And then, when the regulations come in, then we are all screwed up.    So I am just suggesting we use this expertise. Either solve this problem--a danger. That is really what we are here for. Mr. Chairman, I yield back.