    Mr. Chabot. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I have a statement from the Application Developers Alliance here that I'd like to have included in the record.    Mr. Chabot. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And, Director Comey, like yourself, I happen to be a graduate of the College of William & Mary, so I'm going to start off with a tough question. Anything nice you'd like to say about the College of William & Mary?    Mr. Chabot. Excellent. Yes, it's a great place to go. There are two members currently. Ms. Titus of Nevada is also a graduate.    Now, this hearing is about electronic data security, or as you describe it----    Mr. Chabot. I appreciate the Chairman.    And as is already indicated, this is about electronic data security or, as you described it, keeping our stuff online private. So I'd like to ask you this, and it may seem a little off topic, but I don't think it is.    A few weeks back, the FBI's general counsel, James Baker, acknowledged that the FBI is ``working on matters related to former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton's use of a private email server.'' And then the White House press secretary, Josh Earnest, stated that ``some officials over there,'' referring to the FBI, ``had said that Hillary Clinton is not a target of this investigation, and that it's not trending in that direction.'' And the President then weighed in, even though he apparently had never been briefed on the matter, commenting that he didn't see any national security implications in Hillary's emails, and obviously, this is a matter of considerable import.    Is there anything that you can tell us as to when this matter might be wrapped up one way or the other?    Mr. Chabot. I certainly understand, and I appreciate that. I thought you might say that, but you can't blame me for trying. Let me move on.    If Apple chose to comply with the government's demand, maybe it does have the technical expertise and time and finances to create such a vulnerability so we can get in and get that information. But let me ask you, what about a small business? I happen to be the Chairman of the House Small Business Committee. Wouldn't such a mandate to, say, a small company, a startup, say, with, you know, four or five, six employees, wouldn't that be a huge burden on a small business to have to comply with this sort of thing?    Mr. Chabot. Thank you. As the Chair of the Committee, we'd ask you certainly to consider how this could affect--you know, seven out of 10 new jobs created in the economy are small business folks; half of the people employed in this country in the private sector are small businesses, and I think we should always consider them. Let me move on to something else.    In his testimony from our December 2015 hearing about H.R. 699, the Email Privacy Act, Richard Littlehale, the Assistant Special Agent in charge of Criminal Investigation Division of the Tennessee Bureau of Investigations, voiced a frustration with the increasing technological capabilities of both criminals and noncriminals.    Rather than trying to arguably infringe on the Fourth Amendment rights of all Americans, would it be possible to better train our law enforcement officers and equip them to keep up with this changing world that we're discussing today?    Mr. Chabot. Thank you very much. I'm always almost out of time so let me concludes with, go Tribe. Thank you.    Mr. Chabot. True.