    Mr. Rothfus. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Cassara, I just want to follow up a little bit--Congressman Williams had brought in the subject of TPP, which you mentioned in your testimony.    You suggest that every TPP signatory country should establish a trade transparency unit, and share appropriate targeted trade data to spot anomalies that could be indicative of trade fraud and money laundering. Do you know whether this was ever proposed by the Administration during the TPP negotiations?    Mr. Rothfus. Should it have been?    Mr. Rothfus. You mentioned in your written testimony that there is a network of operational trade transparency units which includes the following 11 countries: Argentina; Australia; Colombia; the Dominican Republic; Ecuador; Guatemala; Mexico; Panama; Paraguay; Peru; and the Philippines.    Of these, the United States currently has free trade agreements with seven: Australia; Colombia; the Dominican Republic; Guatemala; Mexico; Panama; and Peru. To your knowledge, do any of these trade agreements include provisions that directly relate to trade transparency, or otherwise advance the goal of establishing TTUs?    Mr. Rothfus. Mr. Bock, according to a December 2015 report by the non-profit group Global Financial Integrity, the largest exporter of illicit money over the last decade has been China. Moreover, last September U.S. authorities charged a group of Colombians with participating in a China-based criminal operation that laundered more than $5 billion from the United States, parts of Africa, Europe, and countries in Latin America.    According to the indictment, the Guangzhou organization used Chinese casinos, currency exchange houses, and export companies and factories to receive billions of dollars in illicit drug proceeds. With that said, how big of a problem is China with respect to trade-based money laundering?    Mr. Rothfus. Can any of the panelists address what we could be doing to better address trade-based money laundering with China?    Mr. Rothfus. Mr. Cassara, the 2007 national money laundering strategy identified attack trade-based money laundering at home and abroad as one of its key goals. An action item in the strategy was the stablishment of TTUs in the Philippines and Malaysia. To date, however, there are no TTUs formally established outside of the Western Hemisphere. What has the President and his Administration done, if anything, to carry out this goal?    Mr. Rothfus. General question for the panel: Do we know of any countries where government officials are actively and affirmatively facilitating trade-based money laundering as opposed to some kind of neglect? Do we have any information on that? Anybody?    Mr. Rothfus. What would some of those countries be?    Mr. Rothfus. Okay.    Mr. Rothfus. I yield back.