    Mr. Palmer. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Ms. McCarthy, thanks for coming again today.    Five months ago, the EPA sent toxic sediment into a creek in Greensboro, Georgia. Initially, EPA denied having anything to do with the project, and later admitted that it funded the cleanup and the operation that triggered the spill.    Did you request a Department of the Interior review for that spill?    Mr. Palmer. All right. The record indicates that you did not. It makes me wonder why, after an accident like that, that you did not stop all of these cleanup efforts, particularly with the Gold King Mine, after having a spill in Georgia just a few months ago.    Let me ask you this. You have been asked several times if anyone at EPA is going to lose their job over this incident. Has anyone at Environmental Restoration LLC been fired or disciplined over this? And I think you may have answered that. Am I correct----    Mr. Palmer. Well, am I correct in that you responded earlier that you are continuing to use them as a contractor?    Mr. Palmer. Also, are you aware that it was reported that EPA collected about 15,000 tons of poisonous waste from two Leadville mines in 2005, and dumped them down the shaft of the New Mikado Mine without notifying the mine owner, who happens to be Mr. Hennis, who owns the Gold King Mine; and the EPA did not take responsibility for that, and did not assist or pay for the cleanup.    Mr. Palmer. I think you need to look into that, as well.    One of the things that really concerns me about this--and I realize the EPA has a job to do, but I have brought this to your attention before about some of the heavy-handed tactics that EPA engages in.    Chairman Bishop, earlier in his questions, talked about the fact that the EPA has clearly violated Federal law, that it does not matter that the EPA did not realize that they violated the law, or that the EPA did not intend to violate the law, or that the EPA was just trying to do its job when it violated the law. That does not matter, and I am saying it does not matter in the context of how you have treated other folks.    I think Mr. Gosar brought up the case of Edward Hanousek. He was sentenced to 6 months in prison for discharging oil into a navigable stream. He was convicted, despite the fact that he was off duty and not present when the accident occurred.    Lois Alt of West Virginia, she is a poultry farmer. The EPA spotted some feathers and droppings near her chicken houses. Now, having grown up on a farm, I am fairly familiar with that. I think most people who have been around chicken farms would expect to see that. But they told her that she had to get a National Pollution Discharge Elimination System permit, or she would be fined $37,500 per day. Ms. Alt, true to her native West Virginia spirit, is fighting it.    Andy Johnson from Wyoming has been mentioned. Mr. Johnson built a stock pond for his horses and cattle on his 8-acre property--a stock pond that a former Army Corps of Engineers enforcement officer inspected and concluded that it provided environmental benefits, including approved wildlife habitat, and that the water flowing out of the pond is three times cleaner than the water flowing into it; yet Mr. Johnson has been fined $16 million. Now, this is just a small farmer.    Then you have the situation with the Range Resources Corporation in Texas, a natural gas company, being forced to spend $4.2 million defending itself in 2011, after the EPA issued an emergency order. The EPA accused Range Resources of causing or contributing to the contamination of two water wells. Then, when it was quickly determined that they did not have anything to do with it, despite the incontrovertible evidence to this fact, EPA claimed that it was not required to prove it even alleged any connection between Range Resources and the contamination. You were going to continue on that path to force them to pay that, until you finally relented and gave that up.    You also turned over the personal data of 80,000 farmers to environmental groups.    I do not understand why you can come before this committee and sit there and say that you are sorry for what you have done in the context of how you have treated private companies. You really ought to be sorry.    Mr. Chairman, I yield.    The Chairman. Thank you. Mr. Westerman.    Mr. Palmer. Thank you, Chairman Bishop. Secretary Flynn made the point that, though the water levels rose, the plume moved downstream. When it receded and water levels returned to normal level, it left contaminated sediment.    My question to the tribal leaders, Mr. Begaye and Mr. Olguin, is--does any of this impact any of the sacred places, places sacred to the Navajo Nation or to the Southern Ute Tribes?    Mr. Begaye?    Mr. Palmer. Mr. Olguin?    Mr. Palmer. There really is not any way that you could put a price on the damage in that regard.    Let me ask you this, and this question will go to the gentlemen from Colorado and New Mexico, as well; but I will start back with Mr. Begaye. Considering this in terms of your culture and what is sacred to you, if the EPA were to declare these Superfund sites, what would the long-term ramifications be in that regard?    Mr. Palmer. Mr. Olguin?    Mr. Palmer. I will let Dr. Wolk answer next, and I have a final point, and we will be out of here.    Mr. Palmer. Mr. Flynn, Secretary Flynn?    Mr. Palmer. If the Chairman will indulge me just for a final statement here. My sense of this would be it would be beneficial to all of you to avoid a Superfund site because of what it is going to do, in terms of people viewing your tourist sites, property values, and things of that nature.    I think the most important thing is something Secretary Flynn touched on and that, in the previous hearing, Congressman Bruce Westerman touched on--and that is making sure that whoever is dealing with the cleanup is qualified, that they have the engineering and technical expertise. You just do not send anybody out there with a backhoe to do this.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I yield the balance of my time.    The Chairman. Thank you. Let me--oh, Mrs. Lummis, do you have some questions for these witnesses before I do mine?