    Mr. Allen.--because we have a lot of folks, a lot of friends in that business, and they can help you get answers to those questions. Thank you, Chief.    And with that, I yield back the remainder of my time.    The Chairman. I thank the gentleman.    I now recognize the gentlelady from Arizona for 5 minutes of questioning.    Mrs. Kirkpatrick. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Chief, it is nice to see you here today. And in following along the line of sustainability, I was born in the timber town of McNary, Arizona. In fact, I spent most of my life living in the mountain forests of Arizona, and I have seen the change in wildfire. And, of course, about this time of year, we become very concerned about the horrific wildfires that we have had to endure in the last few years.    And so I was happy to see in your written testimony that you acknowledged the Four Forest Restoration Project, which is an innovative collaborative approach to addressing forest health, and bringing back the timber industry. Recently, the Record of Decision was signed on April 17 for the initial environmental impact statement, but there have been stumbles along the way, as you know. I just wanted to reference a recent editorial from the Arizona Republic, and, Mr. Chairman and Ranking Member, I would like it added to the record. It addresses some of the changes and--that this is going to--the good things that are going to happen out of this, but also some of the challenges that we face.    The Chairman. Without objection.    Mrs. Kirkpatrick. Thank you. And so my question to you, Chief, is do you think Good Earth Power, who now has the contract, will be able to perform the task orders that have been issued in the time frame of the task orders, and what accountability will there be for them?    Mrs. Kirkpatrick. Well, thank you for that. And this is very important to my office, and so we continue to have our discussions with the stakeholders and with Good Earth. We will be watching for those logging trucks on the highways in the next month or so. And it is too bad, I mean one of the problems has been we lost a generation of loggers and timber people in Arizona, and that has been an additional challenge.    So I would like to close with inviting you to come visit my district in the next few months. We would love to be on the ground with you and go to some of those sites.    I yield back. Thank you.    The Chairman. The gentlelady yields back.    I now recognize the gentlelady from New Hampshire for 5 minutes.