    Mr. Bridenstine. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I have a question for Admiral Locklear and General Scaparrotti. When you think about the assessment of the technological imbalance between specifically us and China, and us and North Korea, can you share what your assessment is right now as it concerns cyber and space, those two elements, for each one of you as it relates to China and North Korea?    Admiral Locklear.    Mr. Bridenstine. Are we currently dominant?    Mr. Bridenstine. Is the trajectory going to sustain that dominance, the trajectory that is going on right now?    Mr. Bridenstine. Okay.    Mr. Bridenstine. General Scaparrotti, will you address cyber as it relates to North Korea?    General Scaparrotti. Yes. In terms of cyber, as I said, I agree with Admiral Locklear, I think they are probably the B team right now. But they, since 2009, have said they are going to develop that capability, and we have seen even in the past year that capability improve.    So as I said, it is a dynamic domain. We are building teams. We are using our intelligence to develop our skills, the types of skills we need every day, and we are going to have to stay on that. And that has to be resourced. As you know, in DOD we are resourcing CYBERCOM . They train those teams that come out and help in PACOM's headquarters and mine. And that would be difficult to do under sequestration, I think.    Mr. Bridenstine. Thank you for that.    One of my concerns is that, and I have heard General Hyten talk about this, that, you know, satellites and networks, they don't have mothers. And so when we think about defending our forces, those satellites and those networks directly affect the people, those of us who serve in our country's uniform. We do have mothers. And so from my perspective, we need to maybe think about space a little differently.    Ms. Wormuth, would you like to address this?    Mr. Bridenstine. So as a Navy pilot we have rules of engagement and we have hostile intent and then hostile act. And depending on where you are in the world and what is happening you can respond different ways.    When it comes to our space communication architecture, when it comes to our GPS architecture, when these come under attack, whether it is jamming or kinetic, this directly impacts those of us who fight war. And to the extent that we are not fighting a war, it directly impacts the safety of those of us who happen to be on the other side of the world where there are hostile countries.    From a policy perspective, can you share with us, what is the position of the administration on how we treat, say, dazzling of an intelligence satellite or potentially, what is our, can we do kinetic affects if they jam GPS or if they jam our communication architecture in space? Can you share with us kind of the policy on that?    Mr. Bridenstine. Absolutely.