    Mr. Rush. I want to thank you, Mr. Chairman, for holding this important and timely hearing today on pipeline safety reauthorization. I want to also welcome Administrator Dominguez to the subcommittee and thank her for being here.    Unfortunately, Mr. Chairman, it seems that every time we have a hearing on pipeline safety, we do so with a backdrop of either an ongoing spill or in the immediate aftermath of one. Of course, the most recent high-profile incident involved in 2015 the Aliso Canyon natural gas storage field in Los Angeles where it is estimated that over 90,000 metric tons of methane escaped into the atmosphere and thousands of families have been impacted.    Other high-profile leaks include the May 2015 crude oil spill from a pipeline operated by Plains All American Pipeline, along the Santa Barbara County coastline. Before that, there was a July 2010 Enbridge spill near Marshall, Michigan. And later, that same year in September, there was also the Pacific Gas and Electric Company natural gas explosion in San Bruno in the suburbs of San Francisco just to name a few.    Mr. Chairman, we all know that pipelines are necessary and we must continue to build them to meet the energy needs of our nation. However, Mr. Chairman, we also know that many of the current pipelines are aging and they must be replaced, which may lead to additional problems if we keep kicking the proverbial can down the road.    Mr. Chairman, we must ensure the American public that this subcommittee or jurisdiction is doing everything within our authority to ensure that more current and future pipelines are as safe as possible.    In the past, the issue of pipeline safety has been one that we are working on in a bipartisan manner. And it is my hope and my expectation that we will continue to do so in the same tradition as we address this important issue in this current Congress.    So again, Mr. Chairman, I applaud you and with that I yield the balance of my time to my wonderful colleague from great State of California, Ms. Capps.    Ms. Capps. Thank you. I thank my ranking member for yielding and thank you Chairman Whitfield and Ranking Member Rush for holding this hearing, Chairman Upton and Ranking Member Pallone, for ensuring we consider pipeline safety in this committee.    Welcome, Administrator Dominguez. Thank you for visiting my district recently.    On May 19th, the Plains Pipeline 901 ruptured in my district, dumping over 120,000 gallons of crude oil along California's Gaviota Coast and into the ocean. This incident not only affected public health and the environment, but also our local economy that is strongly reliant on tourism, as well as the fishing and shrimping industries. While the May spill happened in my community, nearly all of us have miles, hundreds of miles of pipeline running through our districts, allowing for the transport of natural gas and hazardous liquids, like crude oil, across our country.    So today's topic, pipeline safety, is incredibly important to each of us. That is why it is critical that our committee come together as it historically has to produce a strong bipartisan pipeline safety bill that builds on the lessons learned in the Plains spill, as well as incidents that have occurred across the country. I am hopeful we can again make this a strong bipartisan effort.    Unfortunately, the draft language as currently written is inadequate in providing the much-needed updates to pipeline safety legislation to ensure the protection of our public health and the environment.    Whether we are discussing the pipeline rupture in my district last May or the Aliso Canyon natural gas storage leak just to the south of my district, these incidents occur all too frequently. And each time a failure occurs, as it recently did in Chairman Upton's and Ranking Member Pallone's and my district, the need to act becomes even more clear. It is critical that we take the steps and the lessons from these incidents and use them to strengthen our pipeline safety infrastructure. For example, the spill in my district highlighted the inadequacies of the in-line inspection process currently used by PHMSA. Even with the shortened inspection interval, the Plains pipeline failed spilling crude across the landscape into the ocean.    So we have many results of this survey and PHMSA has the authority and the resources to require an appropriate time line for inspections for every single pipeline in our country. We must ensure that the results from these surveys are made available to PHMSA and the public in a timely manner. We must strengthen the high consequence areas designation, something this draft falls short on. And there is room to strengthen these provisions in the draft before us. We must.    We have this opportunity to improve the existing legislative requirements for pipeline safety. I ask that the chairman work closely with all of us to improve this bill. Thank you. And I yield back.    Ms. Capps. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And thank you again, Administrator Dominguez, and your team for visiting the Gaviota Coast in my district and for appearing here today.    As you may know, I sent a letter to your office yesterday with many of the questions that continue to arise in the aftermath of the Plains oil spill and I ask unanimous consent to enter that letter into the records here which I have done.    Ms. Capps. But today, I will try to narrow my questioning to a few of the still-pressing issues as the central coast of California recovers from the Plains spill with the goal that the answers will help make the legislation before us today as strong as possible    As I said, the safety of our nation's pipeline infrastructure is critically important to protect public health and the environment and our local economies. I have several questions for you and so the briefer you can be in replying today, but longer answers could be submitted if you wish.    You mentioned in your testimony, Administrator, that PHMSA is working to tailor inspection requirements to the risk profile of the pipeline operator. In the preliminary findings regarding the Plains spill last May, past in-line inspection surveys used to assess the condition of the pipeline showed an increasing number of anomalies between surveys. All the while, Plains opted to decrease the inspection intervals between surveys voluntarily. Does PHMSA currently have the authority to mandate increased frequency of inspections for individual pipelines?    And other than the prescribed frequency for pipelines within the high-consequence areas, are there any established triggers that impact required frequency? For example, would a history of increasing anomalies discovered during sequential inspections, as was the case with this pipeline, would this automatically trigger a requirement for more frequent inspections? I am sorry, that is a mouthful.    Ms. Capps. Right.    Ms. Capps. OK, I hope this will be something that the proposed emergency order that you described would be used for, but I am going to turn now to the second question that I have.    The draft legislation would mandate that all response plans include procedures and a list of resources for responding to worst-case scenarios. Here is my question. How frequently are pipeline operators required to update response plans? Are operators required to provide interim confirmation that a plan is up to date between reviews? And how does PHMSA ensure that plans are up to date? Again, that is a lot to ask.    Ms. Capps. Thank you. I have one final question which, again I am running short on time, but given the tremendous damage that can be done to coastal areas, wherever they are, Great Lakes, the East Coast, West Coast, are these coastal areas that act as the transition from the land to the ocean--which is where the spill happened on our Gaviota coastline, the pipeline ran along the inland and found a culvert and ended up despoiling the ocean beneath it. Would it make sense to also increase the frequency of inspections to include these high-consequence areas?    Can you tell me how many pipelines or is there a way to get that on the record, how many pipelines actually exist in these coastal areas?    Ms. Capps. I yield back.    Ms. Capps. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And thank you to all of our witnesses for your testimonies today. Throughout the course of this hearing, we have heard over and over about the need to maximize the safety of natural gas and hazardous liquid infrastructure. The truth is that far too many of us have had direct experience with a devastating pipeline or storage facility incident that has led to significant harm to public health, the environment, or the local economy. And in every case, just as it did in my district in response to the Plains spill this last May, these incidents highlight inadequacy in an existing management requirement. As we learn from these tragedies, it is critical that we apply this knowledge to make all of our communities safer.    Mr. Weimer, you mentioned--my questions are addressed to you, Mr. Weimer. You mentioned in your testimony that the number of pipeline incidents has been steadily increasing over the past 10 years. Can you elaborate on a few? And I have several questions, so you can make it just one or two, what are the causes leading to this increased number that we are experiencing? Does the abundance of aging and outdated infrastructure have anything to do with the uptick in incidents?    Ms. Capps. Right.    Ms. Capps. In other words, they are preventable. As a follow-up, can you elaborate on how emergency order authorizations could help ensure that systemic issues in pipeline infrastructure could be responded to in a more timely manner? As you know, there was quite a significant time lag between the start of this spill and a response, even though by chance, emergency responders were very nearby.    Ms. Capps. Yes.    Ms. Capps. Exactly. Well, you have led to a topic that we should be addressing here in our committee.    Now I want to turn to the need for improved response planning to quickly and adequately react to spills when they do occur. Without up to date and appropriate response plans in place is it possible to respond to incidents such as pipeline failures and spills? In your view, what must all response plans include and when should these plans be updated, for example, in response to changing conditions or new knowledge to ensure that they are both adequate and current? That is a big question. I am sorry, but you can answer quickly and then respond in writing for the record, if you would.    Ms. Capps. Right.    Ms. Capps. Thank you. And finally, you touched on a lack of stringent criminal penalties with regard to violations in pipeline safety. Are the current criminal and civil penalties regarding pipeline safety adequate to dissuade operators, especially the bad actors from committing violations? Can you elaborate on the need to expand upon existing penalties? I hope you can.    Ms. Capps. And again, Mr. Chairman, I hope we can follow up with discussion of some of these topics.    I appreciate your answers to my questions. It is clear there are many avenues for improving upon existing pipeline regulations. It is also clear to me that we must ensure that PHMSA has the necessary tools to make these changes, including those that have yet to be implemented from the last reauthorization to minimize risks associated with natural gas and hazardous liquid infrastructure.    Once again, I would like to reiterate that I look forward to continuing to work with the chairman and ranking member to continue to improve upon the draft that we have so that we can ensure that we are crafting legislation that will minimize the frequency and impact of all future spills and protect our communities. Thank you and I yield back 3 seconds.