    Mr. Friant. Chairman Crawford, Ranking Member Walz, Members of the Subcommittee, I am Nick Friant, Business Unit Food Safety Leader for Cargill, Inc., in Wayzata, Minnesota. I provide technical and regulatory compliance assistance on a wide range of issues related to grain quality, handling, and inventory for Cargill's operations and merchandising personnel in the U.S. and abroad. I appreciate the opportunity to testify today on behalf of the National Grain and Feed Association, and North American Export Grain Association. I chair NGFA's Grain Grades and Weights Committee, and co-chair NAEGA's Grain Grades and Inspections Committees, both of which address issues concerning the official grain inspection and weighing system and the U.S. Grain Standards Act.    Our organizations strongly support reauthorization of the U.S. Grain Standards Act, and offer recommendations to improve and maintain the U.S. official grain inspection system. The inspections and other services provided by FGIS contribute significantly to the marketing and trading of U.S. grains and oilseeds by establishing and maintaining U.S. grain standards, and providing official inspection and weighing services. That is why NGFA and NAEGA urge Congress, when developing legislation to reauthorize the U.S. Grain Standards Act, to address each of the following concerns.    First, in response to apparent system shortcomings, including the disruptions in official services at the Port of Vancouver, Washington, during 2013 and 2014, we urge that existing language in the Act be strengthened to reinforce the obligation of the Secretary of Agriculture to restore official service in a prompt manner. Make no mistake, foreign buyers, in particular, the Korea Flour Mills Industrial Association, took note of the very visible and extreme disruptions in such official inspections which damaged the reputation of FGIS, and undermined confidence of international buyers in the reliability of the U.S. official grain inspection system at export locations. I respectfully request that the letter from KOFMIA be made part of the hearing record. Also, a diverse array of U.S. farm, commodity, and agribusiness organizations, including NGFA and NAEGA, strongly encouraged action by the Secretary to meet his legal obligations to restore official inspection services in a pair of joint letters, but unfortunately, to no avail. I respectfully request that these letters also be made a part of the hearing record. Therefore, we urge that additional language be inserted into the U.S. Grain Standards Act to remove any uncertainty that the Secretary of Agriculture is to immediately, with the exceptions of disruptions caused by natural disasters, restore official grain inspection services if there are future interruptions or disruptions.    Second, we urge that the process used by FGIS to delegate or designate its authority to perform official service at export elevators be made more transparent and open to public comment, just as the agency already does through Federal Register notice and comment rulemaking when designating official inspection authority to state or private entities to serve the domestic market where the use of official inspection services is voluntary.    Further, NGFA and NAEGA strongly believe consideration should be given to directing FGIS to license and utilize, subject to FGIS oversight, the use of qualified personnel employed by independent third party entities to perform official services at export elevators through the existing licensing provisions embodied in the U.S. Grain Standards Act, particularly in cases where disruptions in official service occur. Some attempt to denigrate, undermine, or obfuscate this concept by labeling it as privatization. That emphatically is not what NGFA and NAEGA are proposing. In this regard, two recent studies conducted for NAEGA are enlightening, and show the degree to which personnel from these independent third parties already are working at export elevators to provide services that are above and beyond those mandated under the U.S. Grain Standards Act. I respectfully request that both of these studies be made part of the hearing record.    Third, NGFA and NAEGA support the U.S. Grain Standards Act provisions pertaining to FGIS's current authority to designate qualified accredited state or private entities to perform official inspection services in territories within the domestic market, and support the request to extend the duration of such designation to 5 years from the current 3 years.    Fourth, we urge that FGIS be required to base the tonnage portion of export inspection user fees on shifts in actual shipment volumes that are officially inspected by basing it on a 5 year rolling average.    Finally, we recommend that reauthorization of the U.S. Grain Standards Act be reduced from a period of 10 years to 5 years, particularly given the dynamic, changing, and highly competitive nature of the global grain export marketplace.    NGFA and NAEGA believe that our recommendations pursuant to the U.S. Grain Standards Act will help strengthen the official inspection and weighing system, enhance the competitive position of the U.S. grains and oilseeds in the world markets, and retain integrity of the U.S. inspection results.    Thank you for the opportunity to testify. I am pleased to respond to any questions you may have.    Mr. Friant. I don't know the answer to that at this time. I was not specifically involved in those facilities, but I would be happy to visit with my NGFA colleagues and----    The Chairman. Okay.    Mr. Friant. Yes, as a matter of fact, on two accounts at two separate GIPSA Advisory Committee meetings, there were resolutions from the committee. If you would like, I could read you those resolutions.    The Chairman. If you would submit them for the record, that would be great.    Mr. Friant. Yes, we can do that.    The Chairman. Thanks. And then finally, in your testimony, Mr. Friant, you mentioned the competitiveness of the United States as an exporter of bulk grain and oilseed in the global market. In general, how competitive is the bulk grain and oilseed market?    Mr. Friant. In general, the market is a very competitive market on a global basis.    The Chairman. And how does our current official inspection system compare to ones that are used by foreign competitors in, say, Europe, Asia or Latin America?    Mr. Friant. As referenced in my testimony, NAEGA commissioned two studies to compare the U.S. systems to other systems, which have been submitted as part of the record. In those reports, what you will find is that the U.S. is one of two countries that still require government-mandated inspections by government employees. More broadly on a global basis, third parties are utilized by the individual countries to provide those official inspection services.    The Chairman. Thank you.    I yield the balance of my time. I now recognize the Ranking Member, Mr. Walz, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Friant. I am not aware of any other issues, but again, we could work with our colleagues at NAEGA to see if there are other disruptions----    Mr. Friant. I don't know exactly what that number is, but working with NGFA and NAEGA, we could certainly follow up at a later date with that information.    Mr. Friant. Well, normally those are requests from the buyer to have completed, and we work with the buyer on who they would generally like to have perform the service. It is not generally a request that is made directly to the Federal Grain Inspection Service.    Mr. Friant. There could be other tests that are requested for commercial purposes, potentially around functional properties that FGIS is not able to perform.    Mr. Friant. My understanding is not able.    Mr. Friant. When it comes to additional testing, it really depends on what the buyer, and that could be the end-user themselves or the importer in the country, what they are requesting. Some tests are requested for grade determining factors to cross-check or verify the FGIS results. And then they also may be doing additional non-grade determining factors such as protein and oil. They could be doing additional testing for mycotoxins or, as I mentioned, other functional properties of the grain or products that they are buying. And we also see more requests or more information shared around more crop analysis, what does the overall crop look like, because we aren't necessarily just selling one shipment at a time. Buyers are looking at what does the U.S. crop look like more broadly.    Mr. Austin Scott of Georgia. And what percentage of the grain that is shipped out has some type of third party testing?    Mr. Friant. In the studies that were performed on behalf of NAEGA, more than 75 percent of grains and oilseed exports are inspected for some additional commercial requirements by the buyer.    Mr. Austin Scott of Georgia. By a private inspector?    Mr. Friant. By a private inspector, yes.    Mr. Austin Scott of Georgia. Seventy-five percent of what is exported.    Mr. Friant. Yes.    Mr. Austin Scott of Georgia. Is most of that just a double-check of the grade and weight, or is most of that getting into more detailed analysis of the actual individual grain shipment?    Mr. Friant. I don't know the exact breakdown of which types of tests are being performed.    Mr. Austin Scott of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, most of the questions that I have, or that I had, have been asked by you or Mr. Walz.    Gentlemen, thank you for coming and testifying. And with that, I yield back the remainder of my time.    The Chairman. I thank the gentleman. And I now recognize the Ranking Member of the full Committee, Mr. Peterson, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Friant. Friant.    Mr. Friant. Well, the point that we are trying to address is that the current process for designating agencies is open to the Federal Register rule and comment-making process, whereas the delegation of states is not subject to that same transparent process on how the state is being delegated. The length of the delegation, it is not limited, it is an unlimited delegation. And so we are simply proposing to bring some transparency to that process.    Mr. Friant. Really, we would like it to be harmonized with what happens on the designation process on the domestic side, so we are--the system is a more harmonized systems process.    Mr. Friant. Not doing different things, but we would just like to see the process itself between delegation and designation be a harmonized or standardized process, whereas today, it is two separate processes, to delegate a state versus designate a domestic facility--a domestic inspection agency.    Mr. Friant. So maybe it would be----    Mr. Friant. Yes. So maybe it would be best if NGFA and NAEGA could follow up with you at a later date to go through some more detail?    Mr. Friant. No, but we have opportunities around an even more reliable cost-effective system.    Mr. Friant. I don't have that information in front of me at this time, but I believe the two are----    Mr. Friant. I think the reports from NAEGA would help clarify that comparison.