    Mr. Sherman. Mr. Chairman, thank you for holding these hearings. I hope that we get the other members of FSOC to also testify. ``Chairman'' is a lofty position, but if you were to interview the chairman of this committee, I am not sure you would get the views that would reflect every member. And I am glad that Secretary Lew is here, but I look forward to hearing from the others.    You have litigation on whether, I guess, it is MetLife, perhaps Prudential, is a SIFI. You have filed your reasons to dismiss their lawsuit under seal. You are the client. This is a document filed on your behalf. Could you just put it on your website, because it is of public policy interest, of course redacting any proprietary information about the individual company? Why would the reasons for arguing the dismissal of the lawsuit be under seal?    Mr. Sherman. I would hope that you would make that document available for members of this committee since it is a public policy document as much as anything.    Lehman Brothers didn't go under because it had too many assets. It went under because it had too many liabilities, particularly contingent liabilities. And I am confused as to how there is discussion of mutual funds being listed as SIFIs.    Now, obviously if the markets dropped by thousands of points, that is terrible for the economy. It is terrible for me, because I have my individual accounts. It would be just as terrible if that same money was in a mutual fund.    Why would an unleveraged mutual fund be classified with a SIFI knowing that it has no liabilities?    Mr. Sherman. Are you looking at whether the asset management company would go bankrupt, whether the mutual fund would go bankrupt, or whether the economy would suffer not because the SIFI wasn't able to pay its liabilities, but rather because a big company was doing this or that in the stock market?    Mr. Sherman. So an entity could be designated as SIFI not because their inability to pay their liabilities would cause a problem, but just because their activities cause a problem?    Mr. Sherman. Okay. I want to go on.    Mr. Sherman. I need to move on to another issue.    Mr. Sherman. We are of course faced with this trade deal. We are told that there are enforceable standards, but they are usually enforceable only if the Executive Branch of our government is willing to take action. With regard to China currency manipulation, we passed a law requiring the Executive Branch to do things. You explained to this committee last time I asked you about it that, well, the law is really bad policy and so will not be followed.    If the Executive Branch won't enforce U.S. laws because our trading partners would find that offensive, it is difficult to see how any provision of any trade agreement would be enforceable if that enforcement required the Executive--