    Ms. Bordallo. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman, and I thank you for your leadership on addressing these issues that are so very important to the territories.    I welcome our former colleagues, the governors and the mayors and the other leaders from Puerto Rico. It is very nice to have you here with us in this very important hearing. I also commend Mr. Pierluisi, who has worked diligently to advance self-determination efforts, and who champions Puerto Rico's issues here in Congress.    Like our brothers and our sisters in Puerto Rico, the people of Guam aspire to determine our political future, and fully exercise our right to self-determination. I commend Puerto Rico's local leadership for their efforts to determine their political status, and I have urged local leaders on Guam to make similar efforts, so that we can move forward with our self-determination.    But this process is two-fold. Congress holds the institutional obligation to address the political status of Puerto Rico and the other territories under Article 4 of the Constitution. So I urge this committee to give due consideration to the views of the people of Puerto Rico on this issue.    My first question is to you, Mr. Pierluisi. You have argued that Puerto Rico's economic challenges make self-determination even more urgent now. You are an ardent advocate for statehood for Puerto Rico. If statehood vote were selected by the voters, and Congress approves it, how could statehood address Puerto Rico's difficult economic situation, which is the case now?    Ms. Bordallo. Thank you very much. Mr. Chairman, I have another question. Are we going to make a second round?    Ms. Bordallo. Good. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. This one is for Mr. Miranda.    Last year, Congress appropriated $2.5 million to Puerto Rico for a new plebiscite to resolve Puerto Rico's political status. Now I understand that the DOJ must approve the expenditure plan, ensuring that the plan is compatible with the Constitution and laws and policies of the United States. Has a plan been submitted? And would such a plan be compatible with the U.S. laws and policies?    Ms. Bordallo. Thank you very much for the information, and I yield back, Mr. Chair.    Ms. Bordallo. Thank you very much to our Ranking Member, Mr. Sablan, from the CNMI.    Mr. Chairman, there are four of us up here, territorial delegates. One is missing. I think she belongs--oh, she just--that is right. We are now complete. Five of us. And let me say this, and I want to go on record as saying that the life of a territorial delegate in the U.S. Congress is the most frustrating job you would have ever expected it to be. When your colleagues are going over to vote, you are standing there watching them. And they say, ``Why don't you go to vote?''    I said, ``Well, we don't vote.'' Oh, that is right. So, ladies and gentlemen, I sympathize in everything that is being said here. Guam is in the same boat. We don't have 3 or 4 million people; we are very small. But when you are not able to vote for the U.S. President, as a citizen, and you cannot vote for amendments and final passage in the U.S. Congress, yet we sit in the committees, that is a frustrating position. And I have been here 13 years; I know all about it.    Now, the Governor, in his opening testimony, he asked three questions. My answer to those three questions is yes, yes, yes. You are absolutely right. Or--no? Would it have been no? What was the question again, Governor? It was yes, right?    Ms. Bordallo. It was a yes. OK.    Ms. Bordallo. I want to be sure that I am on the right side.    Ms. Bordallo. Thank you, Governor. Yes, yes, yes. All right.    I do have a question here for Mr. Vila. I am interested in your views on the idea of mutual consent. As I understand it, mutual consent between the United States and Puerto Rico is still being discussed among the people of Puerto Rico, as part of an opinion for political status. How would mutual consent be formulated to satisfy objections that it is unconstitutional, or to meet any objections by the Department of Justice?    Ms. Bordallo. Thank you very much.    Mr. Chairman, thank you for being so supportive of our issues. And, Ranking Member Sablan, thank you for the time.    Ms. Bordallo. Mr. Chairman?    Ms. Bordallo. May the territories take over this meeting?