    Mr. Grothman. Thank you for coming over here. When you were here in February, I asked you a question about teacher licensure and, more importantly, about teacher evaluation. We mentioned that in the Students Success Act, we believe that we prohibited you from any involvement in teacher evaluation systems.    At the time I asked you about it, I said, ``Can we be confident now that those days are gone since that is what the new statute said?'' And you said, ``Yes, we are very clear that the law puts teacher evaluation in the hands of State and districts.''    Nevertheless, you have now come back with a regulation that states that your Department requires States to establish the definitionary (sic) guidelines for defining ineffective teachers. The proposal also requires States to annually identify the percentage of teachers in each category with its ineffective definition.    Now, just on the face of it, this looks completely contrary to what you told us in February, not to mention completely contrary to what is in the statute.    What is your statutory authority for this proposal? And if there is no statutory proposal, please explain how you expect the State to meet this requirement without establishing a teacher evaluation system.    Mr. Grothman. So you are going to assure us that you have no concern about how quality teachers are defined?    Mr. Grothman. You are never going to question what their metric is?    Mr. Grothman. Does the State of Wisconsin have to worry, regardless of what they use for teacher evaluation, that you will ever question that?    Mr. Grothman. You are kind of dodging this a little bit here. The question is, okay, the State of Wisconsin says such and such is a quality teacher, the question is are you ever going to question the definition of a quality teacher as defined by the State of Wisconsin?    Mr. Grothman. Obviously you collect tons of data, more data than I think you have any business constitutionally collecting, but nevertheless you do.    As maybe you know, when I look at a lot of the problems in society, including problems of poor educational performance, I blame a lot of it at the breakdown of the family. And I just wonder when you collect data on all these students and you collect data on race, which I am not sure what that--do you collect data on family background of the kids? And if not, why not?    Mr. Grothman. I know it does not have requirements. I am saying in your tenure as Secretary, has there ever been a suggestion that maybe we ought to at least do a limited study on the family background of students and seeing if some family backgrounds are more conducive to educational achievement than others?    Mr. Grothman. I mean, you have just reams of data that you are collecting here. I just wonder whether you or anybody else in your Department has ever thought that might be an interesting topic to look into.    Mr. Grothman. Okay, I yield the remainder of my time.    Mr. Grothman. Thanks much. The first one is for any one of you, so we will see who talks first. I do not know if you were here and happened to hear Secretary King's testimony but I wonder if any of you, and you can start with Dr. Pruitt and work our way across the table, if there is anything he said that you would like to respond to?    Mr. Grothman. Okay.    Mr. Grothman. Okay, I have a question for Ms. Harrelson because I always liked math and I recently had a discussion with somebody who is very involved in the system. He has been a teacher. I think he is a tutor, been involved for many years, and feels how much worse the students are doing than in the past. Kind of interesting that you thought we would get more input from the teachers.    When I was in the State legislature, he used to go, and I still think it is right, that they would bar the use of calculators on standardized tests. Part of it, I felt, was one of the reasons why our children were having such a hard problem with math and they were not developing the ability to play with numbers in their head.    I wondered what your comments were on that, whether you felt like my friends, that was one of the reasons why our kids are underperforming in math. And while I do not like the Federal Government imposing anything, something at least on the State level, we ought to take those calculators away and force those kids to play with numbers in their mind. In 15 seconds, please.