    Ms. Lehr. Thank you, Chairman King, Ranking Member Higgins. We really appreciate the opportunity to testify before the subcommittee this morning. The Antiquities Coalition commends the subcommittee for its focus on the cutting off of financing for terrorist organizations, particularly for antiquities trafficking.    Culture has very clearly become a weapon of war and a fundraising tool for violent extremist organizations across the Middle East and northern Africa. Certainly, antiquities looting has been happening ever since there was buried treasure, but not since World War II has it happened on this scale. Millions of archeological sites, historic and religious sites are being threatened by organized plunder by ISIL. These attacks are more than a destruction of heritage. They are the eradication of its shared history, the elimination of economic opportunity. They are a crime of war. They are precursors to genocide and they fund terrorism.    The Abu Sayyaf raid by U.S. special forces confirmed how the extremist group has institutionalized the trafficking and destruction of antiquities. It has created its own ministry of antiquities and it uses the sales of permits to promote antiquities looting and illicit excavations.    ISIL is making significant profits from this. Our records that were seized show that in just a 3-month period, they had raised $1.25 million or annualized $5 million. While not on the scale of oil revenues, as was indicated by the Ranking Member earlier, if you think about what the costs are to fund some of these terrorist activities, that money goes a really long way, particularly when you think there is a virtual limitless supply of these antiquities across the MENA region.    ISIL use these priceless antiquities as just a commodity to be plucked from the ground for profit. The organized looting and trafficking of antiquities, or as we call it cultural racketeering, is a criminal industry that spans the globe. All countries with a past worth protecting are now at risk, but countries in crisis are most vulnerable, particularly during times of war.    Nowhere has heritage suffered more than in Syria and Iraq. The list of destruction and plundering is long: Palmyra, the Muslim Museum, Nineveh, and hundreds of others, including historical sites that are meaningful to the foundations of Islam, Christianity, and Judaism.    What is the size of this illegal trade? It is very difficult to determine the size of a legitimate antiquities market, let alone the illicit. So my organization has sponsored research by the University of Chicago to calculate, for the first time ever, the size of the losses in Iraq and Syria through algorithms that could be applied for other countries. We had commissioned Dr. Sarah Parcak, who was this year's TED Prize winner to do the same in Egypt, where she calculated that over a 3-year period the losses were potentially as high as $3 billion.    Yet what we do know are what are the declared trade figures of the imports into the United States of HTF tariff line 97, which is for antiques over 100 years old.    The United States accounts for 43 percent of the global art market. We are the largest in the world. Last year, our No. 1 import from Syria, accounting for 40 percent of our total imports, were antiquities. Even though overall imports from Syria have dropped precipitously from $430 million in 2010 to $12.4 million last year, the rate of antiquities has continued to increase--rate of antiquities imports has continued to increase. All of these antiquities came through one port, the customs port of New York. For Iraq, after oil, antiquities are the largest import from that country.    Since the Arab Spring in 2011, we have seen, from 5 countries in the MENA area, an average increase overall in antiquities of 90 percent. For Turkey, it's been up by 80 percent; Egypt, 55; Syria, 134; Iraq, 492; and Lebanon, 58. Why Turkey and Lebanon? Because they are the major transshipment points for antiquities coming out of Iraq and Syria.    So there is much that can be done. In April, the Antiquities Coalition released a task force report with recommendations to promote very practical solutions to this growing crisis and to serve as an on-going resource for policymakers. It was recommendations for the U.S. Government, international institutions, and the art market, and just one in a series of reports that we hope to release, particularly the next one focused on what source countries can do.    In addition, we fully support the recommendations in H.R. 2285 focused on ICE and CBP. These organizations are on the front line of our war against cultural racketeering and protecting our own market.    But other considerations for this subcommittee to think about: One is there needs to be an overall coordinator within the United States Government. We believe that that person should be at the National Security Council, that they should be able to coordinate through all the institutions of the U.S. Government and work with subcommittees like this one. The focus of law enforcement should be on criminal prosecutions, not just on seizing the antiquities and repatriating them. The trade should be restricted to designated ports. This has been done in the case of wildlife. There is no reason it can't be done in the case of antiquities.    One of the things that the earlier legislation promotes, and we strongly support, is as the majority of antiquities are coming in through New York, there is a big difference between the quality of the seizures that are happening in Newark, which has done a tremendous amount of work and the authorities there are highly trained, and JFK. We think an additional focus on just some practical aspects of training at JFK could go a long way toward stopping the United States becoming the principal designation, particularly since most of the art market is based in New York City.    Raising awareness at ports of entry, just having Border Patrol work at various ports of entry to recognize that the import of these antiquities is illegal. The Department of Homeland Security could be supportive of what we hope will be a more active role in the State Department in negotiating cultural MOUs with countries in crisis. These cultural MOUs serve as the legal basis to give ICE the ability to close the market to antiquities coming into our country. There is not a single one of them with any country in the Middle East at the moment.    The legislation that was passed recently that stops the import of antiquities into Syria builds on what was done with Iraq, but both of those have been legislated. We need to see them with Egypt, with some of the transshipment countries, and others to really help protect our own market from being a source of terrorist financing.    It is important we stop American dollars from funding conflict in crime through cultural racketeering. This is a problem that didn't start with ISIL and it is not going to end with it. So it is necessary to create a framework for combating the illicit trade and antiquities globally.    I thank the subcommittee for your work, and I thank you for the opportunity to testify before you today. I am happy to answer any questions. Thank you.    Ms. Lehr. Well, thank you for raising I think what are some of the critical issues, because it is very hard to try these cases. I think there are several different reasons for it.    One, there is a lack of understanding sometimes about the antiquities issues, and they aren't seen as a priority, even though it is one of the top global crimes. There aren't dedicated resources at the Department of Justice or dedicated prosecutors like there are in wildlife, that if you even had one dedicated antiquities prosecutor at DOJ who local prosecutors could call----    Ms. Lehr. Right.    Ms. Lehr. That is right. Just a month ago it was antiquities week in New York--Asia week. Sorry. Dealers from around the world came to sell antiquities there. Every single day for 10 days, there were raids on antiquities dealers and on auction houses, not a single person is going to jail. Some poor old Japanese man, dealer, was caught and he went to Rikers for one week, and then he cut and deal and went back. They seized his antiquities and that was the worst that happened.    So it really is an issue. So all that work takes place. These are being sold for millions and millions of dollars. They raised over, I think, close to $400 million in that time, and there are no prosecutions. So----    Ms. Lehr. Yeah.    Ms. Lehr. Exactly. The reason I said the National Security Council, and maybe I am biased because I used to work there, but there needs to be coordination overall in the Government.    Currently, the top position in the U.S. Government is an assistant secretary in culture and diplomacy at the State Department. When we are dealing with terrorist issues and financing and many of these others, I just don't think it is capable as obviously, they are there, that that is the right seat in looking at cultural diplomacy. There needs to be somebody who is centralized, who can coordinate with DOJ, with ICE, with others, with Treasury to make sure that we are collecting the kind of information that we need and these things are being investigated.    The other point, just if I can say----    Ms. Lehr . One last thing on the art market, it is largely unregulated. So in many ways for these auction houses, who I think Christie's makes about $7 billion annually, Sotheby's makes very similar, in many ways these seizures are just the price of doing business.    Ms. Lehr. So it is not necessarily in their interest to do the kind of due diligence that we would expect to see to track it back to terrorists.    Ms. Lehr. Yes.    Ms. Lehr. Those are their annual revenue.    Ms. Lehr. I think there could be a precedent with what has been done with wildlife, and they have appointed somebody who is the top prosecutor, I understand, who comes with a background in wildlife crimes. There is an art unit--arts crime unit at the FBI, but they are not investigators. So I think really the position needs to be a DOJ with somebody with a criminal prosecution background.    Ms. Lehr. Great. Thank you also for the excellent work that you are doing. We are very supportive of the legislation that you are proposing.    These cultural MOUs are really very important because they do provide the legal basis to stop the import of antiquities into our country, and we have approached it in 2 ways. No. 1, to encourage the State Department--well, 3. Encourage the State Department to look at these as part of their diplomatic efforts in the Middle East. No. 2, to work with the countries in question to help them understand what they can be doing, because it is not just the United States, it is all the major markets that we can do this with. No. 3, we are talking to the Arab league to get them to consider requesting an MOU on behalf of all of its members so that we could do it at once.    The United States is the leader on this issue. If we proceed with this, we will see very quickly that the Europeans will do something similar. So if we can close our market, we can use these agreements to close the European market and the Japanese market. We at least have made a major step forward in cutting off these sources, which is the largest markets.    The only other one out there, which is the second-largest market is China, and we have to start to think about how to work with them because soon, if they decide they want to start buying these antiquities, that is going to be a big problem.    Ms. Lehr. In the raid on the Abu Sayyaf compound by our special forces, and he was essentially the CFO, they set up a ministry of the antiquities, and they were selling permits to promote digging as well as they take taxes. We have an info graph we submitted----    Ms. Lehr. UNESCO's responsibility is obviously over culture. They have raised awareness significantly and highlighted the linkages between cultural genocide as a precursor to genocide and promoting this as a crime of war under the Hague Convention. Their actual ability to go in and help protect sites and other activities like that is very limited. I think that that is an opportunity, if the United States were to consider participation again in UNESCO, to really take a leadership role.