    Chairman McCaul. The Committee on Homeland Security will come to order.    Committee is meeting today to provide Members with an opportunity to hear from the newly-confirmed Transportation Security Administrator Peter Neffenger on his plans for leading the TSA. We expect to explore a range of issues related to the operations of the TSA.    I now recognize myself for an opening statement.    Two weeks ago, a terrorist attack in America's heartland, inspired by a hateful ideology, killed 5 American soldiers on U.S. soil, just a day after we marked up the Countering Violent Extremism bill out of this committee.    Fourteen years after 9/11 not only are we still under threat from Islamist terrorists, but they have gone on the defensive globally and expanded their footprint. Radicalization is on the rise and the war is being brought to our doorsteps at a terrifying speed.    We have long known that our aviation sector is a crown jewel of terrorist targets. So as we stare down these real and growing threats, Congress and the American people need confidence in our defenses. In the past few months, TSA has given us concern rather than confidence. Terrorists have to be right only once, and we have to be right 100 percent of the time.    As millions of travelers from all over the world pass through our Nation's airports, the American people must know and trust that the procedures and policies put in place make it safer.    In June, we learned through leaked reports from the Department of Homeland Security's Office of Inspector General that TSA's passenger screening was wrong 96 percent of the time, and that 73 aviation workers have potential ties to terrorism. These findings shatter public confidence. A reported 96 percent failure rate to detect explosives is completely unacceptable.    Administrator Neffenger has an opportunity, I believe, to turn this ship around. As an admiral, I think he has that capability as well. In our discussions that we have had over the past few days, he has displayed candor and an open mind in his approach to this critical position.    In my opinion, TSA needs to do three things in order to move forward to a new chapter. No. 1, restore public confidence. No. 2, enhance risk-based security. No. 3, better leverage the private sector.    We have seen a large expansion of risk-based security initiatives since 2011, however, we still need to do more. TSA's PreCheck program has been in place for 4 years, however, currently only 4 percent of travelers are members of this program. TSA needs to increase its population so that it can focus its efforts on more thoroughly screening those passengers who are unknown and pose a higher risk.    I would like to explore how TSA can better leverage the private sector. The private sector plays a critical role in securing our Nation's aviation system. TSA does not and cannot fulfill its mission alone. The private sector is a necessary partner that TSA needs to continue to rely on in order to successfully fulfill its mission.    TSA and the Department need to look to the future and give the private sector a road map and a vision of what screening will look like 5, 10, and even 15 years from now. The admiral and I have had some very good discussions on that point.    This can help companies developing technologies meet these needs. We cannot expect private companies to invest tens of millions of dollars if we cannot provide them with any certainty or vision on a return on their investment.    Additionally, TSA needs to make necessary reforms in order to enhance the Screening Partnership Program. These partnerships allow airports to hire private screeners instead of Government employees. This program has been in place since 2004 and, yet, TSA is still unable to do an accurate cost comparison that takes into account the full cost of a Federal employee compared to a private-sector employee doing the same job. This gap allows TSA to argue that private screeners do not save the taxpayer money although this is not a fair and accurate accounting assessment.    This committee is dedicated to reforming TSA. We proved our commitment to this effort by passing four important pieces of legislation on the House floor just this Monday that will keep Americans safe.    This legislation came out of this committee as a result of the recent TSA failures. Specifically, these bills will help strengthen and secure the PreCheck program, improve the vetting process for aviation employees, help keep our airport screening equipment better maintained, and implement better accountability policies at local airports for contractors.    But the bottom line is this: The threat is evolving. But Americans are concerned that TSA is not keeping up with that threat.    Administrator Neffenger, you have a tough job ahead of you to lead this agency but we have confidence in you, and we look forward to working with you in these joint efforts to reform TSA, and together today we are eager to hear from you about your plans for the future and your vision.    Chairman McCaul. With that, the Chair now recognizes the Ranking Member.    Chairman McCaul. I thank the Ranking Member. Other Members are reminded that opening statements may be submitted for the record.    Chairman McCaul. We are pleased here today to have the new administrator for the TSA. Mr. Peter Neffenger serves as the sixth administrator of the TSA where he leads security operations at more than 450 airports within the United States and a workforce of almost 60,000 employees.    Prior to joining TSA, Administrator Neffenger served as the 29th vice commandant of the United States Coast Guard and the Coast Guard's deputy commandant for operations. We want to thank you for being here today in your debut performance before this committee.    The Chair now recognizes Admiral Neffenger.    Chairman McCaul. Thank you, Admiral. I now recognize myself for questions.    Admiral, as you and I know, al-Qaeda, particularly al-Qaeda and the Arabian Peninsula, and the Khorasan Group in Syria, are still very intent on hitting the aviation sector, primarily through bombs, specifically non-metallic IEDs. This led to a heightening of screening at 25 airports overseas.    We have made some progress against them through strikes, recently taking out the leader of the Khorasan Group, and others. But that threat is still there. With this dismal report card that came in, 96 percent failure rate.    Given the threat that is out there, I am concerned about the safety of the American people when they travel on airplanes; not to mention that 73 aviation workers have potential ties to terrorism.    Now, I can't get into all the details, because it still remains Classified in terms of what slipped through the cracks. But what are you doing--what are you planning to do as the new TSA administrator to address this enormous failure?    Chairman McCaul. You talk about technology and vision for the future--you and I have talked about this privately--it seems like we have--you know, PreCheck I think has been a success in global entry, makes more passenger-friendly, more risk-based, which I think is where TSA should go.    But as we look at the future, the checkpoint of the future, and the use of technologies, what is your vision for the next, say, 5 to 10 years? What will the experience be like? What is your goal for the traveling passenger?    Chairman McCaul. Well, I will look forward to working with you on that. Thank you for your testimony. The Chair recognizes the Ranking Member.    Chairman McCaul. Mr. Rogers is recognized.    Chairman McCaul. Gentleman Chair recognizes Ms. Jackson Lee.    Chairman McCaul. Yes, without objection.    Chairman McCaul. Do you want to state what it is?    Chairman McCaul. Without objection, so ordered.    Chairman McCaul. Mr. Katko is recognized.    Chairman McCaul. Okay, thank you.    Chairman McCaul. Miss Rice is recognized.    Miss Rice. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Secretary, I would like to just talk first about diversity. Now, I think gender diversity is a goal for most public and private sectors, but I think for TSA, it is actually an absolute necessity, given the traveling public that they are interacting with on a daily basis. What percentage of TSA employees are women?    Chairman McCaul. Thank you. The Chair recognizes Mr. Carter.    Chairman McCaul. Thank you. The Chair recognizes Mrs. Torres.    Chairman McCaul. Mr. Ratcliffe.    Chairman McCaul. Let me just comment. I thank the gentleman for raising this issue. Myself, being from Texas, would like a report from the TSA on this incident. It is very disturbing. I don't know how he got past security completely untouched and we don't know anything about this individual either, I assume at this point in time.    Chairman McCaul. Okay, thank you so much.    Mr. Keating is recognized.    Chairman McCaul. Mrs. Watson Coleman.    Chairman McCaul. Thank you. Let me close by saying I think the Secretary chose the right man for the job. We have enjoyed our conversations over the past several days. I look forward to working with you to improve both the safety of our airports, and also making it more passenger-friendly.    The committee Members may have additional questions in writing. Pursuant to the committee rules, the record will be held open for 10 days. Without objection, the committee stands adjourned.