    Ms. Duckworth. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. General Williamson, I would like to talk a little bit about the tactical wheeled vehicle fleet and the Army's plans on divesting 26,000 HMMWVs in fiscal year 2016, but then also in terms of the shortage that I see we are having with shortage of heavy equipment prime movers. That was something that was brought up in the National Commission on the Future of the Army's report.    I am just going to read from it. It says, ``There seems to be some commanders indicated to the Commission that tactical wheeled vehicle shortages in their units are creating significant risks. And these shortages are most pronounced in heavy equipment prime movers.'' Giving an anecdotal story even that we have had to rely on our European allies to transport our tanks in support of the European Reassurance Initiative.    So we are facing readiness issues in tactical wheeled mobility. What is the rationale for such a large HMMWV divestiture? And where in the fleet are you accepting the most risk? Is it HMMWVs, medium lift, heavy lift?    General Williamson. So, ma'am, I am going to ask General Murray to talk the bigger modernization strategy, and then I would like to come back to talk to you about a specific set of tactical vehicles.    Ms. Duckworth. Okay.    General Murray. So, ma'am, and I will address this with the European HETs first. So it is not a numbers issue for the HETs in Europe. It is the restrictions on the road networks in Europe. So the European HETs have more axles, distributes the weight differently than U.S. HETs, and so it becomes a weight issue. And that is specifically with the move into Eastern Europe with the European activity set of equipment is where we first discovered that.    Ms. Duckworth. Okay. Fair enough.    General Murray. On the National Commission report, ma'am, and I am very familiar with that because we are working that within the G-8. And I can't remember the specific number of that recommendation, but I believe the Commission asked us to come back and do a study on that and then come back to Congress and report out, which we will absolutely do.    Our numbers don't necessarily agree with the Commission's report. It is for both the light, the medium, and the heavy we are showing excess wheeled vehicles. So we have got some work to do to figure out where the disconnect between what the Commission is--it might have been as simple as they went to a unit and that unit just hadn't fielded yet or the distribution wasn't right within that post, camp, or station.    We have got some work to do to figure out where the disconnect is, and we are looking at that right now. And we are very happy to come back and as the report asks for to kind of lay out for you and others where we see ourselves in terms of wheeled vehicles in all three categories.    Ms. Duckworth. Okay. Well, before we go back to General Williamson, could you address a little bit the HMMWV modernization in the Guard, in the Guard and Reserve? Congress provided $523 million for that.    My understanding is that the HMMWV will remain in the fleet until at least 2035. So could you tell us what the status of the funds are and what the Army's strategy is for obligating that money? And how does Army plan on using that money to address the HMMWV modernization shortfalls in the Guard and Reserve? And then back to General Williamson, or whoever wants to answer that.    General Williamson. So, ma'am, let me talk to HMMWVs specifically. So what I would say, with the help of Congress we have had the opportunity to really do two things in the HMMWV fleet. One, we have been able to do a recap, so as you look at the existing set of up-armored HMMWVs, there was an issue with weight, you know, when you looked at the suspension, when you added all of that armor.    So that money allowed us to go back in and do an upgrade to the suspensions, the powertrain, in order to bring those vehicles up. So that is part one. Part two is that it also allowed us to procure a number of ambulances, a significant number of ambulances for the Reserve and the National Guard. So as I look at 2016, 2017 and 2018, that funding has given us a great ability to upgrade over 400 vehicles in the Reserve and about 1,000 in the National Guard.    That program is on track. And the only other comment I would make, ma'am, is that it has also been a great example of the public partnership that we have had with with industry and with our organic industrial base. And so being able to tear them down in an organic facility and then be able to have them built back up with our vendors has given us some true cost efficiency. And we have done a great job getting those capabilities back out to the force.    Ms. Duckworth. Thank you.    I yield back, Mr. Chairman.