    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. The subcommittee will come to order.    First, on behalf of all of the members of our subcommittee, we would like to express our deepest condolences to our dear friend and the ranking member of this subcommittee, Ted Deutch. Ted's mom, Jean, passed away last week, and I know that the hearts of every member of this committee go out to Ted and his family during this difficult time.    In Ted's absence, Mr. Connolly will serve as our ranking member today.    After recognizing myself and Ranking Member Connolly for 5 minutes each for our opening statements, I will then recognize any other member seeking recognition for 1 minute.    We will then hear from our esteemed panel of witnesses.    And, without objection, the witnesses' prepared statements will be made a part of the record, and members may have 5 days to insert statements and questions for the record subject to the length and limitation in the rules.    The chair now recognizes herself for 5 minutes. This is the second part of a hearing that we began in May, looking at Egypt's transition since Morsi was removed from power. In the hearing earlier this year, we heard some differences of opinion about the best way to move forward with our policy on Egypt, including exactly how much leverage the United States has or should attempt to wield over Egypt's domestic affairs. Egypt is an important ally and security partner for the United States. Egypt's strategic location, its assurance of safe passage through the Suez Canal, its peace treaty with Israel, and its demographics and cultural influence all mean that Egypt will continue to play a positive, crucial role in the Middle East in the years ahead.    Egypt is in a struggle with terrorism and Islamic jihadist groups, like ISIS and Al Qaeda, a struggle that will not be over, sadly, any time soon. It is essential that we maintain alliances like the one we have with Egypt, not only as a partner in providing logistical support in the region but also as a participant in our shared fight against a twisted radical Islamic ideology.    Egypt's strong relationship with Israel, particularly with regard to their antiterrorism cooperation in the Sinai, is also of strategic benefit to us in the United States, especially in a region that so often appears bent on Israel's destruction. Yes, we have significant human rights concerns with Egypt, including inexcusable restrictions on freedom of the press, assembly, association, and expression; yes, reports of deplorable prison conditions, torture, and inhumane treatment, and discrimination of women and minorities should not and must not be swept under the rug. These issues must be addressed, and I continue to call on Egypt to improve its human rights practices and to allow more political space for Egyptian civil society.    The Egyptians are increasingly looking elsewhere for friends and allies outside of the United States, and it doesn't help when the Obama administration--excuse me, Mr. Connolly--keeps sending mixed messages.    We can work with Egypt to improve our security relationship, to push for human rights changes that we want to see, and to help it toward a long-term stability, economic growth, and progress on the democracy front that President Sisi himself has advocated because make no mistake: Long-term stability will only come with the kind of prosperity, respect for human rights, and self-determination that allows all Egyptians to feel that they have a say in the future of their beloved country.    Egypt just finished the last runoff in its long-delayed parliamentary elections, and while initial observations and reports do not indicate significant progress, I am hopeful that the new legislature will be able to make greater strides in the months ahead. As we all know, democracy is more than just elections, and both the Sisi government and the new legislature should use this time to set the stage for a full democratic transition in the future. One sign of goodwill that President Sisi could make immediately is pardoning the 43 pro-democracy NGO workers who were wrongly convicted in 2013 under Morsi. Correcting Morsi's mistakes this way would go a long way in demonstrating President Sisi's commitment to a democratic future and in repairing the damage that both the Morsi and the Obama administration did to the U.S.-Egypt relationship.    Despite the Obama administration's missteps, the Egyptian people should know that they do have a friend in the United States, a friend who is ready to be a better partner, a stronger ally, and one who is ready to assist when asked in order to achieve the stable, prosperous, open, and inclusive nation that Egyptians all deserve.    Lastly, I would like to once again thank my good friend from Virginia, our ranking member acting today in this capacity. I know that Mr. Connolly has followed these issues for years, ever since he was a Senate staffer on the Foreign Relations Committee. In June 2014, Mr. Connolly and I, as a matter of fact, asked GAO for a study, a report on U.S. foreign assistance to Egypt. And in a couple of days, we will receive the third installment of our report. And I know that we are looking forward to that.    And, with that, I am pleased to yield to today's ranking member, my good friend from Virginia, Mr. Connolly.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Thank you so much for an excellent statement, Mr. Connolly.    Mr. Rohrabacher of California.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Thank you so much, Mr. Rohrabacher.    Mr. Meadows of North Carolina.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Thank you, Mr. Meadows.    Mr. Trott of Michigan.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Thank you very much, Mr. Trott.    Mr. Clawson of Florida.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Thank you very much to all of our members for their opening statements.    I now would like to introduce our distinguished panel of witnesses. First, we are pleased to welcome Mr. David Schenker, who is the director of Arab Politics at the Washington Institute for Near East policy. Previously, Mr. Schenker has served as the Department of Defense top policy aide on Arab countries, and he is the author of several books on Middle Eastern countries, as well as a regular contributor to several major daily newspapers.    Welcome, sir.    Next, we would like to welcome Mr. Eric Bjornlund, who is the president and cofounder of Democracy International. Eric has served for the National Democratic Institute as a senior associate and Asia director and as director of program coordination and general counsel. He was also a Woodrow Wilson fellow at the Wilson International Center for Scholars.    Welcome.    And, last but certainly not least, we would like to welcome back Dr. Steven Cook, who is the senior fellow for Middle East and Africa at the Council on Foreign Relations. Prior to this, Dr. Cook was a research fellow at the Brookings Institution and Washington Institute for Near East Policy.    Thank you, gentlemen, for being with us. Your statements will be made a part of the record. Please feel free to summarize. We will start with Mr. Schenker.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Thank you very much. Excellent suggestion.    Mr. Bjornlund.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Thank you, sir.    Dr. Cook.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Thank you.    Thank you to all three of you for excellent testimony. We will start voting at 2 p.m. So in order to make sure that our members have the ability and the time to ask questions, I will begin with Congressman Rohrabacher of California.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Thank you, Mr. Rohrabacher.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Mr. Connolly is recognized.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Thank you very much for your cogent argument, Mr. Connolly.    Dr. Yoho--oh, Mr. Clawson, sorry. The bigness of Dr. Yoho hid the thinness of the basketball player.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Thank you, Mr. Clawson.    Dr. Yoho.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Thank you.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Yes, sir.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Thank you so much, Dr. Yoho.    And my crack staff or my staff on crack, I don't know which one it is, had some wonderful questions for me to ask our panelists. But, lamentably--it is not a bad problem to have--we have a series of votes on the floor. So we will have to adjourn our subcommittee.    But I want to thank you so much for your excellent testimony.    And Mr. Connolly always wants to have the last word.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. So much depends on it.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Thank you.    And condolences again to Mr. Deutchand his entire staff as well.    With that, this subcommittee is adjourned. Thank you, ladies and gentlemen.