    Mrs. Maloney. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, for calling this important meeting.    And I'd like to ask Assistant Secretary Starr, our number one focus is to protect the men and women who are serving our country overseas. And is this facility secure? Are they protected in this London facility that you're building?    Mrs. Maloney. Is it one of the most secure embassies in the world now with the new technologies?    Mrs. Maloney. It will be one of the most secure in the world.    So the bottom line that we're looking at, going forward, we have to make sure that they are secure, and you're testifying that this is one of the most secure sites in embassies in the world.    Mrs. Maloney. Well, thank you for that.    But I do want to point out that President Obama, in his speech last night, talked about the evolving threat of terrorism. It's not just what we face today, it's what's going to be tomorrow, what the new technique's going to be. And he said, and I quote, ``The terrorist threat has evolved into a new phase,'' end quote.    So I want to know how are we responding to these new phases as a result of new technologies or whatever is going forward. So I'd like to ask you--well, I guess it was, your report, Mr. Linick, your report highlights the importance that research and development and testing is important for innovative development designs. That's what you were stressing in your report. Is that correct, that you have to have these new technologies and testing for the new technologies and emerging threats?    Mrs. Maloney. Well, then, Assistant Secretary Starr, there is a need, would you say, for research and development. And I understand there's a research and development group within the Diplomatic Security. Is that correct?    Mrs. Maloney. Okay. And I understand that a lot of what this unit develops may be classified, but can you give this committee a quick overview of the type of other research or methods that DS, or development security, is--diplomatic screening and security is developing?    Mrs. Maloney. That's good to hear, that you're focusing on this blast response. But can you elaborate on how the State Department is utilizing other creative solutions to adopt to the ever-evolving threat requirement that we have around the world for our embassies? Ms. Muniz or Mr. Starr, either one.    Ms. Muniz, since we've heard from the other two panelists.    Mrs. Maloney. Well, thank you for your hard work.    My time has expired. Thank you.