    Mr. Newhouse. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Appreciate it. And thank you all for being here and helping us look at the Department's request for the budget for EERE, and a very interesting conversation.    Could I ask a question of you, Dr. Danielson? I come from the Pacific Northwest where we are blessed with--I would say a diverse mix of energy, including hydro, wind, nuclear, gas, also utilize energy efficiency. We are also a leader in modernizing our electric grid with the forward-thinking utilities and world-class research that--institutions like the University of Washington, my alma mater, Washington State, and also the Pacific Northwest National Laboratory, which all worked together to develop test beds to take research from the lab to demonstrate new innovative technologies.    The Secretary appeared before us, I believe it was in February. He discussed the DOE's grid modernization which is very much in line with what we are trying to do in the State of Washington. So could you clarify for me the EERE programs which will advance the grid modernization, and how those investments will benefit states like mine?    Mr. Newhouse. Thank you.    Mr. Newhouse. Could I also ask you to help us understand why this is all a role of government, and why the electric industry, which owns a lot of the grid, is not modernizing on its own? And maybe that relates to some of that what we have already been talking about.    Mr. Newhouse. Thank you, Doctor.    My time is getting short, so quickly, I am going to ask you about the energy storage R&D that is scattered throughout several areas. Let us see, it is the Office of Science, the Joint Center of Energy Storage Research, the ARPA-E, Energy Storage Program at the Office of Electric Delivery and Energy Reliability, Vehicle Technical Program--Technologies Program, Solar Energy Program, Hydropower Program. There is--the list goes on. So how many battery and energy storage programs can there be found within the agency, and can you tell me that we are sure that the highest priority is--research is funded so that we avoid duplication?    Mr. Newhouse. Good. Good. I appreciate that.    Mr. Chairman, I yield back the negative amount of my time.