    Mr. Bishop. Mr. Commissioner, thank you very much for being here. Thank you for your time and your patience answering the questions today, much of which has been asked and re-asked.    I apologize if I get into that area, but I represent 770,000 constituents, all of which have an opinion about something, as well they should, but not many resonate, not many issues resonate as they have on this issue in particular with the IRS, because it impacts everyone.    And the question has to do with the way in which it is hypocrisy that the IRS expects citizens to live up to a certain standard but doesn't hold themself to that very standard. And as a former businessman and person who complied as a citizen, I am asked to comply with the IRS. If I were audited and the IRS showed up at my doorstep and they said, ``Where is the information?'' and I said, ``My server crashed, sorry,'' I don't think the IRS would be as lenient with me as the government has been with the IRS in such a circumstance.    So this is what angers people, this is why a hearing like this happens. And I think this is regular order for a Committee like this to bring this issue forward, because, as my colleague said earlier, we have run out of options. Our job is to oversee and make sure that government runs properly and according to law.    And my frustration sitting on this Committee and being a part of all this is that it doesn't operate that way, that we very infrequently have real oversight, that those who come before this Committee oftentimes just stare us down and go on their merry way, they take a lashing and leave, as though they have done their job.    But it is very frustrating for me. I have learned that--I will not accept it. This all has to change.    But I want to ask you, the IRS has promised to deliver all of Lois Lerner's emails relating to the targeting of various conservative organizations, but was unable to because her hard drive had failed and a substantial amount of backups--the backups were destroyed as well. I wanted to ask you about the backups.    Ordinarily there is a forensic research--if I am running these operations, I go and make sure that every possible remedy, every possible option was taken to ensure that we checked everything, to find everything that was asked of us.    Can you tell us whether or not the IRS reviewed the backup tapes or any information? For example, did they go back and look at the hard drives that handled Lois Lerner's emails? Did they look at the email server? Did they look at the BlackBerrys that she had then or has now? All of these things. Laptops, did she have more than one?    What was done to try and preserve this information, this critical information for this Committee and the American people?    Mr. Bishop. Can I ask you this? Did she ever, after all this happened, did she ever come to your IT department and say, ``Someone help me find these emails''?    Mr. Bishop. Because if my computer crashed, I would say it is critical, especially if I were the director of the IRS. I would immediately go to the IT department and say, ``Please help me. Something has gone wrong here. Find my emails.''    Mr. Bishop. Mr. Chairman, my time has expired. I yield back.