    Mr. Black. Thank you, chairman, ranking member. The Association of Oil Pipelines who deliver crude oil, refined products like gasoline, diesel fuel, and jet fuel and natural gas liquids such as propane. As the chairman indicated, I am also testifying on behalf of the American Petroleum Institute.    Our U.S. pipelines safely deliver more than 16.2 billion barrels of crude oil and energy products a year. Pipelines play a critical role in delivering energy to American workers and families. Americans use the energy our pipelines deliver in their cars and trucks to commute to work or drive on the job, provide rural heating and crop drying and support good paying manufacturing jobs. The average barrel of crude oil or petroleum products reaches its destination safely, by pipeline, greater than 99.999 percent of the time.    Addressing Mr. McKinley's question earlier, according to PHMSA date, significant liquids pipeline incidents that could affect high-consequence areas are down 8 percent over the last 5 years. Significant incidents per mile that are over 50 barrels in size are down 19 percent over the last 5 years. But even with these positive pipeline safety performance numbers, the member companies of AOPL and API are constantly working to improve pipeline safety further.    Last year, operators completed development of a number of industry-wide recommended practices and technical reports to improve our ability to detect pipeline cracking, integrate safety data, manage safety efforts holistically, manage leak detection programs, and better plan for and respond to pipeline emergencies.    This year, we turn to implementation of these safety recommendations industry wide. A prime example is our effort to encourage and assist implementation of API Recommended Practice 1173 for pipeline safety management systems. Recommended by the NTSB and developed in conjunction with PHMSA and state pipeline regulators, this tool is helping pipeline operators comprehensively manage all the safety efforts underway across the company. The aviation, nuclear power, and chemical manufacturing industries have benefitted from safety management systems. Now more pipeline operators are benefitting, too.    This year, pipeline operators will also complete expansion of industry wide recommended practice on river crossings, develop a new one for construction quality management, and update industry-wide recommendations for pipeline integrity program management. This last safety improvement action brings us to last summer's pipeline release near Refugio, California. We echoed Transportation Secretary Foxx calling the preliminary instant report from PHMSA ``an important step forward that will help us learn what went wrong so that everyone involved can take action and ensure that it does not happen again.'' Our members are committed to doing just that.    PHMSA's preliminary factual findings could be described as the what of the incident. We expect PHMSA's final report later this year will contain root cause analysis and recommendations describing the still unknown how and why this incident occurred. At a minimum, we know there is opportunity for further industry-wide discussion and perhaps guidance for those operators that use the specific type of pipe involved in that incident, insulated pipe transporting heated crude. As part of our update of this industry-wide integrity management guidance, we will ensure learnings from industry-wide review and PHMSA incident report recommendations are reviewed and incorporated where appropriate. The effort should be finished later this year, far more expeditiously than could occur through an agency notice and comment rulemaking process.    Turning to the next reauthorization, there is still much left for PHMSA to do from the 2011 law. PHMSA is working to finalize a broad liquids pipeline rulemaking as the administrator said, and may propose a rulemaking on valves soon.    We commend Congress for its recent oversight in PHMSA, which has resulted in the administration issuing several rulemaking proposals and promising additional proposals and we encourage your ongoing oversight. Pipeline operators have not stood by and instead have advanced safety initiatives on inspection technology, cracking, data integration, safety management, leak detection, and emergency response. With the numerous recent industry initiatives addressing current pipeline safety topics, and additional PHMSA regulatory actions still to come, we encourage Congress to reauthorize the pipeline safety program soon without adding significant new provisions.    Upon a brief review of the committee's discussion draft, AOPL and API would find it difficult to support the draft with the inclusion of Section 15. Private mandamus civil actions to compel agencies to perform certain duties have earned the moniker ``sue and settle'' because of their abuse at agencies such as EPA. A Chamber of Commerce report identified 60 cases of ``sue and settle'' lawsuits from 2009 to 2012 resulting in 100 new EPA regulations costing from tens of millions to billions of dollars each. ``Sue and settle'' circumvents public participation, dilutes congressional oversight, bypasses standard administration review and analysis, and it limits agency transparency.    In January, the House expressed its concern with ``sue and settle'' abuse by passing H.R. 712, reforming these processes in legislation that sadly appears unlikely to become public law. We urge that Section 15 be removed from the draft.    Thank you for inviting me here today and I look forward to answering any questions.    Mr. Black. Corrosion may have been the biggest target of the modern integrity management regulations and it has been a success. Internal and external corrosion is down by greater than 50 percent. I think there is a 70 percent over 10 years and I am happy to get that fact for you.    Mr. Black. External corrosion has been reduced greatly by the practice of cathodic protection in pressing the current on to the pipeline and turning the pipeline into a cathode and anode, suffers the corrosion consequences. Internal corrosion has been worked on by cleaning pigs and then of course, the in-line inspection.    Mr. Black. Yes, exactly. They are supposed to gather that information. Like you, we are concerned by what we heard in the PHMSA initial incident report and we are eager, as an industry to get the final results on that so that we can develop our industry-wide recommendations to operators to address corrosion.    We have already committed to updating API Recommended Practice 1160, Pipeline Integrity Program Management, to address the properties related to the special type of pipe, heated, insulated pipe, transporting heated crude.    Mr. Black. Well, I would like to distinguish automatic acting from automated valves, a practice in liquid pipelines construction today is to use remote controlled automated valves to safely shutdown a pipeline in the event that the pipeline needs to be shut down. Self-operating, self-actuating automatic shutoff valves cause safety concerns. GAO found that there can be a pressure build up with an automatic valve closing quickly and that can damage the pipeline.    We reviewed and found nine incidents caused by conditions similar to an automatic shutoff valve closing abruptly, one of which had more than 400 barrels put along the right of way. So remote controlled, automated shutoff valves are important to be used in liquids pipelines and are.    Mr. Black. One hundred ninety-nine thousand of liquids, oil, refined products, natural gas liquids, and CO<INF>2</INF>, yes, sir.    Mr. Black. Very little.    Mr. Black. Only if it is necessary.    Mr. Black. Without adding significant new mandates to PHMSA, yes, sir.    Mr. Black. Well, if PHMSA is aware of some safety information like the defective fittings she mentioned, we encourage them to get that word out as soon as possible. They have got that process right now through the advisory bulletin process and I can tell you I have seen first-hand how important those advisory bulletins are to the industry. I am not aware of any incidents that would have been avoided in the past if emergency order authority was in place. We are ready to look at a proposal, but we would think it should have a high standard. It should address emergency conditions that pose imminent threats or widespread harm, should be narrow in scope, should be subject to expedited review. Happy to look.    Mr. Black. If PHMSA is aware of information like a defect, we want to hear about it as soon as possible. Their quickest way to get that information out is the advisory bulletin process.    Mr. Black. Read very carefully. We have industry groups, employees working on pipeline safety issues focusing on improvement and they are dissecting those very closely. We have got instances of advisory bulletins in the last couple of years that have led to operators getting that aha moment and taking that back to their companies.    Mr. Black. Well, you put this cylinder-shape robot inside the pipeline and push it through with the force of the liquid and it collects information about the properties of the pipeline, terabytes of information. That information is then taken out of the smart pig and it is analyzed by a third party vendor working with the pipeline operator to determine what features need to be investigated. They follow industry practices and PHMSA regulations about which features need to be uncovered and inspected in person by a pipeline to determine whether there needs to be a repair or whether it is just an issue that hasn't become a problem yet. The results of this which cost more than $2.2 billion in 2014, has been a dramatic decrease in corrosion-related incidents and in all types of incidents since modern integrity management practices were put into place.    Mr. Black. Yes. It is finding more. That is more for pipeline operators and these third-party vendors to look at. Now the challenge is taking all of this information, finding out what are those true positives that need to be addressed and finding those issues and repairing them before they become a problem.    Mr. Black. It would address pipeline water crossings of greater than 150. We would not support that being applied to a greater set of pipelines and I will explain why. Right now, pipeline operators are required to assess the condition of their pipelines and to prioritize areas based on risk. Determining a 1 year inspection schedule is not really supported by the conditions of that pipeline. It is not reported by what has been found. It is arbitrary. If that is to be expanded, we would find that it is diverting safety dollars from areas of greater risk.    One year in pipeline integrity management for inspections is probably too soon. Any time that pipeline operator does that smart pig and gets that result, some features that they find require analysis within a year. Some are immediate. But to run a smart pig every year, you may not learn that much new from year to year.