    Mr. Hultgren. Chairman LoBiondo, Chairman Shuster, thank you so much for your leadership on this. Ranking Member Larsen, happy birthday. Thank you for letting me be here this morning and to make some remarks.    This is an issue that I have carefully scrutinized over the last 3 years, and it is very important to me, my constituents, and air traffic controllers nationwide. As a former member of this Aviation Subcommittee--and I also represent several hundred air traffic controllers in the 14th District of Illinois, which is the largest number in Illinois--I have met with many of them, and many others who aspire to become ATCs.    These dedicated students have put in long hours with our Nation's military and reputable and accredited institutions to gain the skills and education to be entrusted with the public safety which is bestowed on our air traffic controllers.    As a weekly commuter from O'Hare to Reagan, I personally am invested in making sure that our skies are safe, as are all of us. We are facing critically low staffing levels of air traffic controllers within our towers. Only 30 percent of trainees at the Chicago TRACON reach full certification. Ensuring we have a sufficient number of air traffic controllers in our towers is paramount to secure air travel. Insufficient air traffic controllers means cutting back travel and hurting our economy.    No controllers means no flights, and that is why I was surprised and confused with the FAA when they changed their longstanding hiring procedures without warning in 2014, and launched an unnecessary social science experiment. Students, teachers, and administrators of the Collegiate Training Initiative, or CTI, were also blindsided by the FAA's decision, and told me of its negative effects.    For decades, the CTI training program established by the FAA itself was the recognized and trusted pipeline for highly qualified candidates and military veterans. Most disturbingly, I believe the new hiring standards jeopardize air travel safety by diverting the hiring process around highly qualified air traffic controller candidates and veterans in an attempt to elevate off-the-street candidates. Why the FAA did this remains unclear.    What is clear is that the FAA has been less than transparent and open. A 6-month investigation revealed the adverse effects of these modifications, not only on aspiring air traffic controllers, but on the legitimacy of the hiring process itself. The investigation also revealed that FAA or aviation-related employees may have assisted in giving potential recruits special access to answers on key admissions tests to help them gain jobs with the FAA.    Yet the FAA has refused to respond to audio, video, and witness accounts of misconduct. They conducted a self-audit of the allegation and cleared themselves of any wrongdoing. This is no way to run an agency that is responsible for the well-being of thousands of lives every day.    In regards to the biographical assessment, a new and confusing psychological test, the FAA has repeatedly been opaque and nonresponsive. That is why, since 2014, I have called for a congressional hearing on these issues, and I am so grateful to Chairman LoBiondo for inviting me to speak here today.    We still have more questions than answers. Today we need answers. We need answers about the alleged cheating. Administrator Michael Huerta has stated that he tasked two internal officers within the FAA to conduct thorough investigations of the alleged cheating. Not surprisingly, the internal investigations failed to uncover what was demonstrated clearly on audio recordings. Yet, at the same time, the FAA has never publicly denied the cheating allegations. So, which is it?    Further, this past March the FAA filed a motion in Federal court admitting that the agency is unable to recover missing and corrupted emails at the center of the alleged cheating. Do these emails demonstrate whether or not the FAA knew someone on the inside was helping people cheat? When will Administrator Huerta come forward with the results of the investigation?    Further, we need answers about the discredited biographical assessment psychological test. Who wrote the BioQ and who validated it, if anyone? How did some candidates fail the biographical questionnaire in 2014 and then pass it in 2015? Why were these candidates allowed to sit for the BioQ in an unsecured location without showing proof of ID?    As a result of the FAA's changes, many clearly qualified CTI graduates and military veterans were disqualified by a test they don't understand and cannot improve upon, even after years of education and experience. Many have now aged out of the process, forever losing their chance to join the ranks of air traffic controllers. Where is the relief for these dedicated individuals? Americans deserve an answer.    So where do we go from here? I introduced H.R. 1964, the Air Traffic Controllers Hiring Act of 2015, to reverse the effects of the FAA's policies and restore safety and confidence to air travel.    I would like to thank Mr. Rinaldi on behalf of NATCA for their support and collaboration throughout the years on my bill. I also want to thank Chairman LoBiondo for his co-sponsorship of this legislation.    My bill restores preferred hiring status for CTI graduates, qualified veterans, and experienced controllers, and it provides relief for those aged out of the process. It eliminates the use of the biographical assessment.    My colleague, Congressman Curbelo, has introduced similar legislation this Congress, H.R. 5292, the Air Traffic Controller Hiring Improvement Act. I thank Mr. Curbelo for our shared interest on this issue, and I agree with the vast majority of his legislation. His legislation creates two separate hiring pools, one consisting of veterans and CTI graduates and another of all interested U.S. citizens. The hires from these two pools may not exceed a 10-percent difference.    However, I have concerns that, should the FAA hire from these pools equally, it would disadvantage our CTI graduates and military veterans. I have worked tirelessly with NATCA to instead create a three-pool system of CTI graduates, veterans, and off-the-street hires, which would alleviate this problem and maintain a speedy hiring process.    I welcome continued conversations with NATCA and understand the politics and rationale for their two-pool approach. This isn't just about securing a fair job application process or the status quo, this is about Americans feeling and being safe and secure when flying. This is about transparency and openness from an agency which is accountable to the American people and their Representatives.    I am grateful for all of you for your attention and work on this issue, and I look forward to reaching solutions that provide fairness and safety and security for all.    Thank you, Chairman, and I yield back.