    Mr. Bridenstine. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. General Bunch, I just want to thank you for your commitment in the President's budget request for AMP 1 and AMP 2. I wanted to ask, is AMP 1 multiple contracts or a single contract covering all of AMP 1?    General Bunch. So it depends on which exact phase we are talking about, sir. So the answer, I hate to say, it depends.    Mr. Bridenstine. Okay.    General Bunch. We are using small business for the integration piece of this, and then we are going to be competing the installations. And that will be something that small businesses and a variety of other organizations will be able to compete for. It is a mix.    Mr. Bridenstine. So would the small business, that would be a sole-source kind of set-aside?    General Bunch. I don't know if we do the set-aside on that, sir. I will take that for the record and get back to you exactly how we set that up. But I was informed it is a small business doing the integration.    Mr. Bridenstine. So can you share with us when you plan to award AMP 1? You can get back----    General Bunch. Give me one second, sir. Let me see if I got it on this chart, here. I do not.    Mr. Bridenstine. Okay.    General Bunch. So I will take it for the record.    Mr. Bridenstine. Okay. That is good. And then, can you share if it will cover non-recurring engineering and installation, or both? Both, or one or the other, for AMP 1?    General Bunch. So we fully funded the AMP 1 program to do everything we need to do, put it in the field.    Mr. Bridenstine. Okay.    General Bunch. And to meet the FAA mandate.    Mr. Bridenstine. Okay. And for AMP 2, is the Air Force going to use non-developmental COTS, commercial-off-the-shelf, for AMP 2, or----    General Bunch. AMP 2, we are still building the strategy, but we have done that in Increment 1, sir. And we look for those type of activities to try to reduce our cost and to keep a viable supply chain and be able to do that in the most cost-effective and efficient manner that we can.    Mr. Bridenstine. Okay. And I know this is not really the topic of this hearing, but since I had you here, thought I would ask you a question that might be a little off topic. But I asked General Welsh about it yesterday, and I was hoping to maybe get some more clarity. And that was on the Combat Rescue Helicopter.    We have had reports that the Combat Rescue Helicopter is not going to be fielded for Guard units any earlier than 2027, which is 6 years after full-rate production begins. And I was wondering if there was justification for not fielding the Combat Rescue Helicopter concurrently in the Guard and in the Active Component?    General Holmes. So in this case, Congressman, I will say, let me take that for the record for you and see. And come back and see if we have made a base-by-base plan yet. I am not aware that we have made a base-by-base plan yet, but I will come back to you and let you know.    Mr. Bridenstine. Okay. Thank you, guys.    I will yield back.