    Mr. MACRE. Macre    Chairman CHABOT.--Macre, who is testifying on behalf of the National Federation of Independent Business, NFIB. He is the owner of three small businesses, including a small payroll firm based in Steubenville, Ohio, called Payroll + Services, which has served 200 small to medium size businesses since 1994. Mr. Macre also--did I pronounce that right?    Mr. MACRE. Macre.    Mr. MACRE. Good morning, Chairman Chabot, Ranking Member Velazquez and members of committee. My name is Albert Macre. I am a CPA, and the owner of several small businesses located in eastern Ohio, one of which, Payroll + Services, is affected by the new Department of Labor overtime rules for salary exempt personnel. And I am pleased to be here on behalf of the National Federation of Independent Business to discuss these rules at today's hearing.    NFIB is the Nation's leading small business advocacy organization, representing 325,000 independent business owners located throughout the United States, 25,000 of which are located in my home state of Ohio and several who are here to support me in my testimony today.    As a small business owner with several salaried employees positioned between the current exempt overtime earnings threshold and that created by the DOL new rule, I now find myself standing with countless other small businesses forced to swallow more government medication prescribed before an accurate attempt at diagnosis has been completed.    NFIB believes that the rule will have a substantial negative impact on small businesses and their employees. Frankly, the 100 percent increase in the salary exempt threshold to $47,500 is too much too fast. To put the significance of this into perspective from the time the last is salary threshold was increased in 2004, the Consumer Price Index has only risen by 28 percent.    To make matters worse, the threshold will be automatically updated every 3 years. And while the rule does allow for the use of nondiscretionary bonuses and incentive payments to satisfy up to 10 percent of the standard salary level, the reality is that few administrative and lower level supervisory personnel receive such compensation.    NFIB estimates that the new rule will impact approximately 40 percent of small businesses, while the Department of Labor has said that the rule would affect over 4 million employees. Instead of increasing wages for certain employees as the DOL might project, the rule will force small business owners to take more control of employee hours and benefits to keep costs in check. These controls could ultimately result in employees taking home less money annually. And don't underestimate the impact on employee morale as affected employees are told that they must now punch a time clock for the first time in their careers.    In addition to these negative impacts, the implementation window is very short. This rule will become effective on December 1, 2016, just over 5 months from now. Given that many small businesses are still struggling with the implementation of the Affordable Care Act 5 years after enactment, this window of compliance barely seems cracked open.    From a personal perspective, this rule is likely to have negative consequences not only to my company but my employees as well. Payroll + opened in 1995 in response to my clients' desire to farm out payroll processing services to a local, low cost provider. We currently have three salaried employees earning above the current threshold and below the new amount. We operate on a 30 to 35 hour workweek for 8 months of the year but do incur substantial overtime during the four payroll tax months.    Our employees appreciate the certainty of their salary-based take home pay each period. They also appreciate the fact that they don't have to punch a time clock every day. And I estimate that the roughly 600 hours of overtime our employees work each year are offset by the less than 40 hour workweek the remainder of the year.    Unfortunately, the law doesn't allow me to bank the short weeks to offset the long weeks. In addition, we pay 100 percent of our employees' health insurance and have done so since we opened our doors.    Without getting into the analytical weeds, in order to keep employee take home pay consistent, we are contemplating a system of salary advances to be recovered during the overtime months. In order to keep our cash flow level, we are contemplating for the first time in 20 years requiring employees to bear a share of the cost of their health insurance benefits.    DOL's new overtime rule will have a significant, and in my belief, negative impact on employers and employees alike. In order for small businesses to avoid costly overtime pay, managers move from their salaried positions to hourly jobs will need to keep time cards and be prohibited from working overtime, including answering email from home. This will not only be a burden financially, but in terms of productivity, as managers and supervisors will only be allowed to work when permitted. From an employee perspective, the flexibility that so many had will become a thing of the past.    NFIB anticipates the changes will hit hardest those low- to mid-level managers. These managers currently make less than the proposed threshold but value workweek flexibility and benefits such as health insurance and employer provided pension benefits. Also fewer salaried managerial positions would signal to employees that there is little opportunity for growth at the company. These consequences will severely hamper opportunities in growth and development, not just for the small business but their employees as well. Unfortunately, neither can afford it.    Thank you for allowing me to share my thoughts with you and at the appropriate time I will answer questions.    Mr. MACRE. From our perspective, again, not only are we a small company, but we are a small payroll company that performs payroll services for other small companies. A lot of those businesses do provide pension benefits, 401(k) contributions, health insurance. There is not a finite number of dollars here. In Mr. Eisenbrey's testimony he said, if they make over $47,500 just pay them overtime. Well, hell, that is real easy, but where does this money come from?    We figured that that increase in overtime cost to our small, little company would entirely consume the revenue that is generated by 12 clients. So where do we just magically get this 8 to 10 percent increase in size to automatically cover this? So we are likely to have to for the first time, like I said, take health insurance dollars from these employees.    And the way I projected it, our take-home pays are actually going to decrease as a result of paying our employees more. The math is a little bit funky, but accountant math and economics math are a little bit funky at times. But we have determined that actually payroll, net pay, could decrease as a result of gross wages going up.    Mr. MACRE. Well, again, where we are, we are in eastern Ohio, we are in that Appalachian area, we really can't raise fees. So it was pointed out that the money could come from the owners' pocket, and I would be happy to send you my K-1 from Payroll + Services. There is no money that goes into my pocket from that business. So it is going to come from the employee's pocket.    The business was never designed to generate immense amounts of profits. It was designed to generate a service and actually to employ people. That is probably an anomaly in the business world, but that is the way it was set up.    So I don't it know what option we have other than to reduce costs, because, again, the increasing revenue option is probably off the table.