    Mr. Lynch. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And thank you, Admiral. Thank you, Inspector General. Good to see you again.    You realize this is an equal opportunity committee, so when we criticize you today about having long lines and taking too long to screen people, next week if there is a breach, we will haul you appear again and lambaste you for, you know, not be more thorough. So we have that flexibility up here and you do not.    But I think, based on what I have seen and, you know, I have been a critic at times, based on what I have seen, Admiral, the work that you are doing and, Inspector General, you continue to do, I think we are going in the right direction, but we have got a lot of work to do.    The question we had at a previous hearing was regarding--let me ask you up front. We seem to rely a lot on the whistleblower, and I am wondering in the Aviation and Transportation Security Act, it says that employees may be hired and fired, you know, basically on the will of the management at TSA, any other law in existence notwithstanding.    So, as I understand that, they do not have the protection under title 7 of the Civil Rights Act. They do not have protection under antidiscrimination law by the language in the law that says notwithstanding any other law to the contrary they could be fired. And do you want to speak to that, Admiral?    Mr. Lynch. Have you adopted that? Because you just had a case in court where they threw the case out because they said employees were not covered by that.    Mr. Lynch. They are not covered by the statute. I am not sure how ----    Mr. Lynch. Okay. Okay. Okay. I will take your word for that. That is helpful because if they don't have statutory protections, obviously they are going to have to rely on the whistleblower protection or the 40 cases that Mr. Roth is able to take up each year. And that is not nearly the protections that they would need, right?    Let me go back. We had a case a while ago. I think there were like 70 or 71 employees who were on that no-fly list, terrorist watch list that were actually working at some of our airports. And you came in and you changed that system. And I want to ask you, those employees, were they removed?    And I realize--let me fully explain. The reason that was given was that TSA was not privy to those lists on which those employees who were on the terrorist watch list or the no-fly list were allowed to be employed in airports in secure areas. But when you went in, I understand it from our last conversation, we cleaned that up. And I just want to know how it was cleaned up. Were they fired or what happened there?    Mr. Lynch. But ----    Mr. Lynch. Okay.    Mr. Neffenger.--it allows you to take a harder look at them, which we do, and then we go back to the intelligence community and to the FBI and we do a scrub on those individuals.    Mr. Lynch. But you have to admit this is a higher level of sensibility here allowing these folks to actually work inside secure areas ----    Mr. Lynch. Yes.    Mr. Neffenger.--which is why--and I've been working very closely with Director Comey and the National Counterterrorism Center to ----    Mr. Lynch. Right.    Mr. Neffenger.--correct things through that.    Mr. Lynch. Mr. Roth, you did a great job on the screening tests at the big airports, and, you know, we had a very high failure rate the last time you did that test. And I am not sure if enough time has gone by to allow Admiral Neffenger to sort of adopt a new protocol among the screeners, and has that happened yet? Have you done any new test to sort of take a measurement of how we are doing?    Mr. Lynch. Great. Great. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, for your indulgence. I yield back.