    Mr. Boyle. Yes, thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I was struck by the fact that--I don't know when this was; I know it was recent--that Pew Research did a poll of favorability ratings of different, various government agencies, and the post office came out the highest at 84 percent, which I can't remember where Congress was, but I think Postal Service was slightly higher than where Congress ended up, significantly lower than that. That is made all the more remarkable by the fact that you have had a decade where there are 200,000 fewer employees than there were just a decade ago.    My question, though, is regarding the rather unique requirement the Postal Service lives under where essentially you have to prepay 75 years of obligations within a 10-year window. Can you talk about the effect that that has had on the balance sheet? And do you know of any other government agency or for that matter private sector company that has to live under such a unique requirement? I will leave that to anyone who wants to grab in. If you would like to go ahead.    Mr. Boyle. If anyone else would like to add something?    Mr. Boyle. If you would like to add something.    Mr. Boyle. Thank you. I would just add that my great concern is, particularly as we have this conversation of going from 6-day to 5-day mail, that we continue to be in this negative cycle of cutbacks and closures that is really a self-fulfilling prophecy. That can be very destructive to communities and neighborhoods. I represent a largely suburban and urban residential district. When we went through even just a rumored closing of our post office in the 19116 zip code, that set off a firestorm. And maybe not for people my age but for those who are of an older age, having that local post office there is an important part of the community.    So as we look at these decisions, and certainly dollars and cents plays a major role, I think we also have to put a value on what the local post office means to the community. And if that is the case in a neighborhood and in a suburban area, I think it is only more so the case in a rural area, which tends to be more remote.    Thank you. I yield back.    Mr. Boyle. Sure.    Mr. Boyle. Thank you, Mr. Meadows.    Mr. Boyle. Yes. Okay. Thank you ----    Mr. Meadows.--and so I thank ----    Mr. Boyle. And if I could ----    Mr. Boyle. Actually, if I could reclaim my time ----