    Mr. Halford. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank----    Mr. Halford. Thank you, sir. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank you for the opportunity to testify. I'm one of the many defenders of this watershed including departed friends like Ted Stevens, Jay Hammond, and inspirational elders like Bobby Andrew and Ofi Olsen, Mary Olympic and Violet Wilson. I'm here today humbly in their behalf, and I believe that the people of Bristol Bay who have been dependent on these resources for untold generations, and I believe in the defense of the 14,000 jobs and the $1.5 billion annual fishery that's supported by Bristol Bay wild salmon.    I live in Bristol Bay and in Chugiak. I've been a commercial pilot and a hunting guide for all my adult life, although I spent 24 years in a detour to the state legislature. I retired as Senate President in 2003. In all my years in the legislature, I never ran without the support of the Alaska mining industry. I was active in their support. I believe that mining is important to Alaska.    You've heard today that EPA has been unfair and has made its mind up in advance. Neither of these things could be further from the truth. The truth is that while EPA was far from the first choice of the people of Bristol Bay in terms of getting someone to listen, EPA was the only choice with the authority and the jurisdiction that had the interest to help, and sadly to me, that included the State of Alaska. The truth is, EPA listened to the people of Bristol Bay and responded by preparing the most objective assessment of the potential impacts of a massive sulfide mine in this particular location.    If there's any unfairness in the discussion, it was produced by Pebble. For years they've tried to manufacture consent for their project. Their obvious efforts to manufacture that consent collapsed under the weight of facts and growing public opposition. Pebble has shown that it's willing to do or say anything to advance this project. By now, the opposition has grown to roughly 90 percent of the people in the region and about 60 percent of the people in Alaska statewide. Of the 1.8 million comments EPA got, 85 percent were in support of the process and EPA.    The more people have learned about this mine, the stronger the opposition has grown. This is in part due to Pebble's numerous false promises, and they're listed in my written testimony in terms of when they're going to apply, when they're going to apply and the continuous parade of changes in their process.    Pebble's contention that the outcome was predetermined is ridiculous. As an advocate, those of us in Bristol Bay couldn't even agree on what to ask for. We didn't know anything about 404(c). We looked first to the state and then went on through federal agencies in any way to look for help. EPA's action thus far if finalized places protection on the resources of Bristol Bay. Pebble must show that it can mine and protect those resources. They can apply for a permit today, tomorrow, the next day. Nothing has been vetoed. Pebble has the opportunity to prove its critics wrong. They've done no field work for the last two years, and they're only waiting for the right political climate.    The stress and uncertainty on the people of Bristol Bay has been a cloud for over a decade. If there's unfairness, it's the unfairness to the people of Bristol Bay.    The uncertainty makes it difficult even for legitimate mining projects to get support to develop in Alaska because of that uncertainty. Senator Murkowski two years ago asked Pebble to file their permits and get the process started. As Finance Chairman and Presiding Officer in Alaska in years in the process, I probably signed appropriations to sue EPA. My attitude was not positive as we started this process, and I know there are many issues and conflicts with EPA, but my experience in Alaska with the EPA personnel from the secretaries and the office people to the top administrators was amazingly positive. It changed my perceptions about a huge faraway bureaucracy. They came and they listened, and I want to take this opportunity to thank those people because I think they did their best in a difficulty situation in this one place that I saw very extensively.    Today, the people of Bristol Bay are left with questions and fear about the massive exploration project in the head of their watershed. There are over 1,300 drill holes, thousands of settling ponds, potentially acid-generating material in those settling ponds, and tons of material stored on the land at their headwaters.    Pebble should be using its resources to seal their problem wells, to assure there's no acid drainage, and to clean up their mess.    Now, I am fortunate to have wonderful children, and whenever I say, particularly to my 13-year-old, clean up your mess, his response is ``It's not fair.'' I think it is fair to the people of Bristol Bay for Pebble to spend their energy to clean up their mess.    Thank you for your time and your consideration.    Mr. Halford. Well, certainly I--you're talking about something that happened in 2011. I don't remember anything about it, and I can see the date but I don't know--I mean, I don't think politics should be the factor. Obviously that's not the way----    Mr. Halford. I can't remember that conversation at all. If it was a memo, particularly if it came by email, I'm one of those people that still lives in an analog world so I have trouble just keeping track of all my emails.    Mr. Halford. I have no idea how he was saying it. He might have been saying it as an objection to what politics has influence on. I don't know.    Mr. Halford. I don't recall.    Mr. Halford. I guess the question, and there's been some discussion about the uniqueness of the process and how the process has gone, how hard the people of Alaska tried to get somebody to listen for a decade or more, but I think the other part of it is, this is the last greatest salmon resource left on Earth. It's the only place where you have all five species and the dependent culture totally intact. Is this the place that we should experiment with something that has never worked in all of history in a wet climate in a comparable size? I don't think it is. I think it's a very, very dangerous experiment, and again, if this one goes, it's the last one. Salmon have been destroyed all over the globe, sadly.    Mr. Halford. Well, the last time I flew over it was probably just about a week ago, and there was no activity but an awful lot still left on the land. Two years ago, they cleaned up their fuel dump on what they called, I think, Big Wiggly Lake. But there hasn't been much of anything done since then. And again, the settling ponds where they drilled down through in some cases a mile deep into basically what's a sulfur deposit if it were named for its biggest mineral, those things have the potential of acid generation. They're sitting there like test cells in the watershed. They're dangerous.    Mr. Halford. Well----    Mr. Halford. There's a very sad case that is--actually turned around when it to the Supreme Court. But one of the Constitutional Convention delegates and a former First Lady filed a suit against the State and Pebble on water rights application just to get notice. When they lost at the lower court, Pebble proceeded to try and research to go after them individually for the money, for the legal costs. They lost at the Supreme Court so it never went forward from there.    But the point is these kinds of actions stop people from trying to question what's being done out there. The same organizations----    Mr. Halford. Just briefly, I'd like to say that although TU has supported me, a number of other organizations in Bristol Bay have also supported me, I consult for a lot of them and I try to represent them all and work with them all, for them all. They are concerned about fairness as well. They have been under this cloud for well over a decade. They would like to see some resolution. They went to the EPA.    When I first talked to EPA people, I was talking about wetlands things. It had nothing to do with--and I didn't understand or know anything about the 404(c) process.    Mr. Halford. So I just wanted to make that clear.    Mr. Halford. The people of Bristol Bay went to EPA. EPA didn't come to Alaska to get involved.    Mr. Halford. People were concerned.