    Mr. Cicilline. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I want to begin by thanking you for your leadership and for calling today's hearing on the Goldman Act to Return Abducted American Children: Ensuring Accurate Numbers and Administration Action, to give us an opportunity to discuss the disturbing increase of child abduction cases in recent years and examine how the Obama administration has been able to implement the very important provisions of the Goldman Act in order to ensure that all children that call the United States home are able to return.    I would also like to thank our distinguished witnesses for today's hearing that includes advocates, government officials, and, most importantly, parents that have been personally affected by international parental abductions.    I look forward to hearing each of your perspectives based on your expertise and personal experiences in this area, including your assessment of what more should be done to successfully implement the Goldman Act and how Congress can assist with effective implementation moving forward.    According to the State Department, approximately 1,000 children are victims of international parental abduction every year. It is important to note, however, that in recent years there has been a significant increase in the number of American children being abducted. This sharp increase in abductions is a grim indicator that while globalization has brought innumerable benefits to us all, the ease of international travel has had a negative impact on the number of parental abductions that occur.    For example, over 300 U.S. children have been abducted to Japan since 1994. And despite Japan's ratification of the Hague Convention on the Civil Aspects of International Child Abduction in 2014, many of these cases would not fall under the Convention as the ratification does not have retroactive power.    I look forward to hearing how the administration is working to bring all abducted children back, not only from Japan but from other countries with high numbers of abducted U.S. children, including India and Brazil. And I am very pleased that we have witnesses that can speak to their personal experiences dealing with abducted children in those countries as well.    I am proud to say that Congress has been quite active in this area of the law, with strong bipartisan support throughout. In December 2013, the House unanimously passed H.R. 3212, the Sean and David Goldman International Child Abduction Prevention and Return Act. This bipartisan support shows how committed this body is to ensuring that children are protected and that their welfare remains a top priority.    The Goldman Act provides a range of steps that the administration can take depending on the severity of the situation, from a petition through diplomatic channels to more serious actions like the withdrawal of foreign assistance or a formal request for extradition.    I look forward to hearing from our witnesses representing the administration on how effective these strategies that are outlined in the act have been in the short period of time since its enactment.    I will close by saying that we all have a personal stake in protecting those that are most vulnerable in our society. The welfare of our youngest citizens is of utmost importance, and I look forward to working with my colleagues here on the Hill and with the Obama administration to ensure that all children remain safe and in the custody of those that have been awarded that privilege.    And, again, I thank our witnesses, and thank the chairman, and yield back.    Thank you.    Mr. Cicilline. Thank you, and thank you, Ambassador. I just want to be where Chairman Smith just left off. Would you describe for me the process by which you make the determination of a non-compliant country? I take it from the report there are 22. There must be a standard that you follow or that the legislation establishes for what you conclude to be a non-compliant country, or patterns of non-compliance.    Ambassador Jacobs. We look at whether or not there is a central authority or a designated administrative authority that works on abduction cases. We look at judicial compliance, and we look at law enforcement compliance.    Mr. Cicilline. But in addition to the structure that is in place, you also look at----    Ambassador Jacobs. We look at----    Mr. Cicilline . The activities of----    Ambassador Jacobs. We look at----    Mr. Cicilline . The abduction activities.    Ambassador Jacobs . What happens.    Mr. Cicilline. Okay.    Ambassador Jacobs. If we have a case and nothing ever happens, we send it to the central authority, they don't act on it, that is one thing. If they act on it, and they send it law enforcement but nothing happens with law enforcement, that is another black mark.    If it does go from the central authority to the location of the child, and when the case goes to court, if there are long delays in the judicial process, or if the judges never order a return in certain countries, that would be judicial non-compliance. We follow each case.    Mr. Cicilline. And so then you are able to make a determination about the countries that are the most serious violators, that have the greatest both child abduction activities and then failure to respond to abduction demands for return.    Ambassador Jacobs. Yes.    Mr. Cicilline. And is that the list of the 22 that you have identified?    Ambassador Jacobs. Yes. Those three criteria are the criteria that we used to determine if countries were non-compliant.    Mr. Cicilline. And within that designation, do you do anything additionally to determine, of those 22, who is the worst violator, which country? Are they ranked in any way?    Ambassador Jacobs. They are not ranked. They are all violators.    Mr. Cicilline. But do you have an assessment of who the kind of worst offenders are among that list?    Ambassador Jacobs. Yes.    Mr. Cicilline. And who are they?    Ambassador Jacobs. They would be Brazil, India, Japan. Those are the worst offenders.    Mr. Cicilline. Well, Japan is not on the list.    Ambassador Jacobs. But Japan pre-Hague. Pre-Hague. India we never get any cooperation. We do get cooperation from the Japanese. We don't get the returns, and I know that is what we want. But they do cooperate with us. In India, we get nothing. But now we are.    Since the law passed, there is a lot more activity in India working toward joining the Convention and implementing it. The discussions that we had were incredibly positive. Our Ambassador there, Richard Verma, is energized. He will be having a meeting in the next week or so with a number of ministers, as well as Ambassadors or High Commissioners from the United Kingdom and Canada, and Supreme Court Justices in India, to work on Hague compliance, because they get it and the law really was an impetus for them to get moving.    Mr. Cicilline. Do we need to, in your judgment, need to modify any language in the existing statute, or is it simply a determination of the Department if in fact the intention is to get as much information and to be sure that the activities, using Japan as an example, be fully reflected, because you can both indicate the gravity of the problem, the pre-Convention challenges, and also the progress that you say is being made post-Convention.    But is there any impediment to you including that in the report, or is it necessary for us to modify the language of the existing statute?    Ambassador Jacobs. There is no impediment to us doing the things that you suggest, and we will do them. We were working under a very compressed timeframe with a complicated piece of legislation, trying to identify every bit of data that was required. And we recognize that there are gaps, and we want to correct them, and we can do a different kind of report that has more like the previous reports that had a lot of narrative. We can do narrative on the biggest offenders, and really identify in each case what the issues are. We are very happy to do that.    I mean, I think we have the same goal. We want these kids to come home. I mean, that is our goal, it is your goal, and we just need to do this together. I mean, I don't see that we are at odds in this.    Mr. Cicilline. No, no, no. I think you are right that the--I think at least the experience that I have seen in the human rights area is the more this information is shared and becomes widely known, the greater likelihood that countries will take action to respond so they are no longer on the list.    Ambassador Jacobs. Yes.    Mr. Cicilline. And I would say just as a personal observation, to be the parent of a child who has been abducted to Japan, and look at a report that has a zero in it, is personally probably incredibly painful.    Ambassador Jacobs. And I understand that, and we are going to fix it.    Mr. Cicilline. Thank you. The next thing I would just to ask you, with respect to the designation of the recommendations in terms of activity, the recommendations to improve resolution of cases, and they are A through F, one of them that you mentioned is bilateral meetings.    And I think you mentioned specifically that that was happening in Japan, but it looks like that was not actually indicated. In Japan, it says A, B, and C. I don't know if that is just----    Ambassador Jacobs. I don't remember what the----    Mr. Cicilline. But, I mean----    Ambassador Jacobs. Tell me what those are. Let me tell you what we have done in Japan. Maybe that would be more helpful.    Mr. Cicilline. Well, no, I am happy to, but just so you know what I am speaking about. You have a Table 3----    Ambassador Jacobs. Yes.    Mr. Cicilline . Which says Recommendations to Improve Resolution of Cases in Countries, and there are A through F as keys to what recommendations. And then you have a list of countries----    Ambassador Jacobs. Right.    Mr. Cicilline . In which you designate what your recommendations are. And as it relates specifically to Japan, it is A, B, and C. D is where it says Department officials hold bilateral meetings with government officials. So it would seem to me that D is----    Ambassador Jacobs. Okay. So we did it anyhow.    Mr. Cicilline. Okay. Well, no, I mean, I think it is important that----    Ambassador Jacobs. Yes. No. We should put it----    Mr. Cicilline. Okay.    Ambassador Jacobs. We will fix that, too. Absolutely.    Mr. Cicilline. Okay.    Ambassador Jacobs. Yes. Because I was just there.    Mr. Cicilline. Okay.    Ambassador Jacobs. I was just there, and we spent a whole day in meetings talking about this.    Mr. Cicilline. Great.    Ambassador Jacobs. And talking about it at the Fourth of July party.    Mr. Cicilline. No. And I think it is helpful to--I know you are doing----    Ambassador Jacobs. You are right.    Mr. Cicilline . An enormous amount of work, and it is important that that be shared, so people----    Ambassador Jacobs. Yes.    Mr. Cicilline . Have confidence that that is----    Ambassador Jacobs. We do that. I mean, we do--believe me, we do everything that we can. And maybe we need to make more public statements, and that is something that we will seriously consider.    Mr. Cicilline. I would urge you to do that.    Ambassador Jacobs. I think there is nothing wrong with public statements saying we need more cooperation.    Mr. Cicilline. And, Madam Ambassador, just now to turn to another country. According to the Center for Missing and Exploited Children, there are 53 open cases of a U.S. child abduction in India, including 26 that have been pending for more than 5 years.    In the wake of obviously the Goldman Act, it has been indicated that the U.S. is conducting bilateral discussions on child abduction cases. But the progress and content of them have not been shared with parents or with members of this committee. I am just wondering whether you can talk a little bit about what is happening in India, generally, what the----    Ambassador Jacobs. Absolutely.    Mr. Cicilline . Direction of those conversations are and----    Ambassador Jacobs. I was just there in May. We had meetings with ministers and with the first secretaries of the ministries. They have domestic legislation that is now circulating in the cabinet for India to accede to the Hague Convention, which I think will be very helpful.    In addition, Indian courts have now ordered returns of children. Not to the United States, but they did order returns to India. We have a very close relationship with two of the Justices, and they have offered to facilitate meetings, to be champions for this legislation, and we have the same commitment from the ministries.    Our Ambassador is energized. He had a lunch where we had lawyers who are also willing to do the same thing. So we are sort of attacking it from many angles, and we are hoping for success. We were just at a meeting in Macau that was sponsored by China, Macau, and the Hague Permanent Bureau. All of the countries that we are concerned with were there, and they all heard the same message: You need to take action now. And I was very fortunate. I had the first word at the conference, and I had the last word.    Mr. Cicilline. Thank you. And my final point would be, Madam Ambassador, thank you for the work you are doing.    Ambassador Jacobs. Thank you.    Mr. Cicilline. And if you think there are ways that we can improve or strengthen this existing statute, which would make this work more effective and produce greater results, I know we are all anxious to hear that. But one thing I would urge you to consider, that in the most egregious cases where we have real patterns in countries, I think strong public statements and bringing that to the attention of the world will be very valuable.    Ambassador Jacobs. And if I could suggest when you all travel on codels, when you are going to countries that we are mutually concerned about, that you raise it in your conversations with legislators and with ministers, so that they understand that this is the United States of America's concern, not just the State Department or just the Congress.    Mr. Cicilline. Thank you very much.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I yield back.    Mr. Cicilline. Yes. I just want to follow up on Congressman Meadows' comment. I think it is understandable that every parent who has a child who has been abducted who is not yet returned would give everybody an F, Congress, every agency, because your child is not returned.    Ambassador Jacobs. Right.    Mr. Cicilline. And I want to just take a moment to acknowledge your work, Madam Ambassador, and the work of the dedicated professionals who are doing this work. And the frustration that everyone has with individual cases should not in any way be read to not, at least from my perspective, undermine your deep commitment, your long record, and the really hard work that others in your department and agency are doing. I want to be very clear about that.    I do think that the value of the report--and I really appreciate your willingness to go back and both supplement it and revise it and correct it, the value of that report in this work cannot be overstated, because we can use it in our codel conversations. We can use it as a public statement. We can do a lot with it. And so the accuracy and the transparency of that is really critical, because it loses its potency as an effective tool if it doesn't include places like Japan, et cetera.    So it is not that I think any of us are interested in giving it a grade, the report, just because we are fastidious folks. But it is because its usefulness----    Ambassador Jacobs. I agree.    Mr. Cicilline . In terms of ultimately bringing children back home is dependent on its completeness and accuracy. And I look forward to the work that you are going to do to provide us----    Ambassador Jacobs. Thank you.    Mr. Cicilline . With that tool.    Ambassador Jacobs. Appreciate your comments. Thank you.