    Ms. Orozco. Mr. Chairman, and members of the subcommittee, thank you for this opportunity. Today I am here out of a profound sense of obligation to focus on the problem of sex trafficking, especially the reality of sexual tourism and child pornography. As you have heard, Karla was a victim of all these crimes at the age of 12. To establish some context, I will--I should explain a little bit of who I am. Thanks to the training I received from your Justice Department here in Washington, DC, 2005, all my life now has been dedicated to fight human trafficking. In all of its forms. But especially that of sexual exploitation of women and, of course, minors.    First, as a Congresswoman from 2009 to 2012 where I was the driving force to establish the general law to prevent, punish, and eradicate the offenses of trafficking in persons and to protect and assist the victims of these crimes. Since the law took effect in 2012, and with the leadership of our President Enrique Pena Nieto, and we have reported more than 200 convictions. Mexico now is the leader in the prosecution of these crimes in all Latin America. More recently, as the president of the NGO Commission United vs. Trafficking, we work in partnership with 97 other NGOs, and we have made sure that we communicate a clear message to every social, political, business, art, and international platform.    In Mexico, human beings are not for sale. And we will fight against anyone that acts against that fact. Today I am here representing every victim of slavery in my country. Sadly, Mexico is a country of origin, transient, and destination of human trafficking of women, men, and children, that are being exploited both in Mexico and the United States. It worries so much to all of our NGOs that there has been some intention in Congress in Mexico trying to knock down the law that protects the human rights of victims and punishes criminals. They will try again in September so we are working as NGOs to protect the good parts of our law, and reform the articles that could be better with some Congresspeople that are very committed against human trafficking.    According to the World Tourism Organization, and the International Labor Organization about 3 million people traveling the world look for travel-related opportunities to participate in sexual acts with children. Sexual tourism affects more than 2 million children that are obligated to prostitute themselves or work in the pornography industry. Sexual tourism is the principal motor behind child sexual exploitation. This is a phenomenon that in recent years has expanded exponentially throughout the world, especially in Asia, and Latin America with Mexico being one of the principal countries affected, especially in the northern border towns and beach cities.    Last year your own Homeland Security Department has situated Mexico as the number one distributor of child pornography in the world. This is largely due to the high demand. Studies demonstrate that most perpetrators are coming from the United States, England, Holland, and Germany. In a study done by the American Bar Association we know that 47 bands of human traffickers were identified in Mexico, of which the most renowned originate in the State of Tlaxcala, and are very well-known for importing their victims to the United States.    I urge you today to make sure that our country will continue working together to put a stop to the atrocity of human trafficking and in all its forms, all forms of human trafficking by refining our laws and committing to communicate and cooperate with each other. We can stop the criminalization of victims, work to push hard to strengthen the law against providers and consumers, ease the path for prosecution of cases, and provide the care that victims and their families needs to rebuild their lives.    We believe that we have been working very well with the Ambassador Anthony Wayne, even his wife is one of the wives of many of the Ambassadors that works with Fundacion Camino a Casa. Karlita herself has met her. The Polaris Project is doing a great job also in a partnership with Mexico now, and you have a great, great Attorney General, Loretta Lynch, who is called in Mexico, the nightmare of the pimps. And we also have a very good Attorney General who will be the nightmare of the pimps soon. She is new in office. And also, we have great police who are committed against these crimes.    In truth, my passion is to work directly with the beautiful girls that have suffered and been rescued from these horrific crimes. I have personally worked with more than 200 victims, shared their stories, and witnessed their struggle as they look to reveal their lives and heal from the worst pain that can be inflicted on a human being, the loss of their freedom and dignity. More than anything, they need all of us to be willing to fight for them and they deserve to be heard. Just think about this. Most of these girls were suffering from poverty, violence, lack of education, when they become targets of criminals that make them also to be their slaves. So when the heroes like the people of Operation Underground Railroad rescue them, as a society, we owe them very much. They didn't have what they deserve in our country. They deserve the food, the house, the security, and education. And then we see them as slaves. Thank you to people like the people that work in OUR, thank you for being heroes in other countries.    We need to work a complete process of reintegration from start to finish until they become successful people that we can all admire, like Karla, who is with me now today. She is a survivor of human trafficking. She was a sex slave between the ages of 12 to 16. Seven years ago, Karla was saved by a client who saw her beauty instead of his lust. And now she is a worldwide activist who has spoke twice in front of Pope Francis, has taken and shared her story with the Duchess of Cornwall, has been with the ex-President Felipe Calderon, and with Queen Noor of Jordan at the Trust Women Conference in London, among many other important people.    We believe that people like Karla, if we don't help them until they are successful, they could kill themselves, or become criminals. When she arrived to the shelter she was full of hate. Now she is full of love. We must work to break the vicious circle of lack of cooperation between authorities and NGOs. Our mistrust of the process that result of people failing to denounce the crime and failure to prosecution. Instead, we must create a virtuous cycle where authorities and NGOs like OUR work together, then provide a special and dedicated care to these teams until they become successful stories. We need to work together with survivors until they become people of admired by society. Only then will more people denounce the crime of human trafficking; only then will more criminals be prosecuted; only then will more victims be freed; and only then less and less people will look for slaves to satisfy their basic instincts.    Please, do not name the clients johns if they were like the clients that Karlita had. They are criminals. They are not johns like they were a nobody. We should treat them like criminals. Thank you so much for hearing us.    Ms. Orozco. Well, of course, in Mexico we work with three shelters. The only ones that help victims of human trafficking, and the three of them have that component.    Ms. Orozco. Yes, faith based. And we believe that that is very important until they really are successful. I am so proud now of Karlita because, you know, they do a book of dreams, and we all, these 97 NGOs, we help them to succeed. We also work in jails with the pimps. That has been very powerful. If you can watch the CNN documentary that is called ``Human Merchandise,'' you can watch one of the pimps who is asking forgiveness to one of the friends of Karlita. That also is in the book, Marcella. All of the girls that you can see in the book are successful victims because all of them know now that they are special; that they were created to do an important mission now, and because of that, also these pimps, Karlita has been in jail with them, and it is very powerful to the restorative justice. And they have been able to ask forgiveness to the victims. That is powerful too.    Ms. Orozco. Yeah, also we have that punishment to the people who are in organized crime, or gangs that will take these young people, like to sell drugs, or to be forced to do crimes, and it is happening in our country. We are fighting against that. And also, we are having agriculture people forced to labor, and we just had a new girl who also escaped from being forced labor in--it was like a dry cleaning.    Ms. Orozco. Dry cleaning, and she was even with chains in her body 2 years. She is devastated. It is the worst case, and it is happening and that is why the laws have to be reformed and we congratulate you because we can see in your heart that you have a passion to protect dignity and freedom. Thank you. You have the same spirit of Abraham Lincoln, and we are very happy to be here with you.    Ms. Orozco. We just want to give you our blue heart. This is the U.N. blue heart for human trafficking. Humans are not for sale. Thank you.