    Mr. Gehrke. Chairman Wenstrup, Ranking Member Takano, and members of the subcommittee, thank you for allowing me to present the VFW views on the pending legislation.    The VFW supports the intent of H.R. 356; however, we suggest that the Congress take a different approach. We share the concern that VR&E may not be able to serve the veterans who need it most if Congress does not make changes to the current system. However, we are doubtful that a VA action plan will remedy VR&E's access issues and may unnecessarily burden an already overworked agency. Instead, Congress should fund the longitudinal study that it authorized in the Veterans Benefits Improvement Act of 2008 so that VA can identify problems and modify VR&E to better serve veterans.    To better understand the veteran hiring experience, the VFW supports H.R. 832, and we urge the committee to appropriately fund the study.    The VFW strongly supports H.R. 1994, Chairman Miller's VA Accountability Act of 2015. We believe that VA and Congress must collaborate to identify and fix what is broken within VA, must hold employees accountable, and must do everything possible to restore veterans' faith in their VA.    In addition, we urge the committee to take a multidimensional approach to tackling issues with VA's human resource practices. The VFW is concerned with whistleblower retaliation, VA's hiring process, and the sinking morale of VA employees. A Federal survey shows that less than 50 percent of VA employees feel that arbitrary action, personal favoritism, and coercion for partisan political purposes is not tolerated. Also, VA employee satisfaction scores fell in 76 out of 84 measures within the last year.    With low morale comes a high price tag. The Gallup organization estimates that millions of disengaged employees cost the American economy as much as $350 billion per year in lost revenue as a result of low employee morale. VA can't afford to lose time and money from poor hiring practices or low employee morale. We fear that VA's workforce productivity could further decline due to staffing shortages and low employee morale if VA cannot attract and keep high-achieving employees.    We believe that, in order to help foster a culture of accountability, Congress should include language in the bill to prevent whistleblower retaliation and provide VA with additional resources to recruit, train, and retain the best employees.    The VFW supports H.R. 2275. The VFW supports this bill because it can protect veterans job programs from sequestration, better ensure that veterans job programs receive proper congressional oversight, and improve veterans' access to job programs by streamlining government services. Also, Congress must ensure that Veterans' Employment Training Services is always properly funded no matter what agency has authorization over the program--or authority over the program.    The VFW supports H.R. 2344, except section 4. Section 4 requires VA to prioritize certain disabled veterans over other disabled veterans for access to VR&E programs. The VFW believes that no veteran should have to wait or be denied the VA services that they have earned.    This provision calls for VA to manage to a budget instead of the need. As we have recently witnessed, this tactic leads to veterans being denied care and services they need to maintain a healthy life and provide for their families. We cannot allow this to happen again, and Congress must fully fund all of VA and expand VR&E resources so they can better provide employment services to disabled veterans.    The VFW supports H.R. 2360 to ensure schools who are eligible for the GI Bill are offering programs that award student veterans with proper programmatic accreditation that meets veterans' and employers' expectations.    Unfortunately, some schools offer degrees that do not provide graduates the needed credentials to qualify for the professions within their field of study. Worse yet, when asked, many of these schools offer prospective students unclear information about programmatic accreditation and their requirements for professional certification.    This is not a wise use of taxpayer dollars, it allows students to use money, whether it comes from military tuition assistance or the GI Bill, for degrees that will not result in more veterans being employed.    The VFW supports H.R. 2361.    Regarding the draft bill language, the VFW played an integral role in passing the Post-9/11 GI Bill, and we have a vested interest in ensuring the long-term viability of veterans education programs. The GI Bill's primary use should be to help veterans reintegrate into civilian life by providing the education and skills necessary to gain meaningful employment.    And the retention aspect should never provide a greater benefit to dependents than it does to wartime veterans. Therefore, any reduction of certain elements in the GI Bill must include increases for those who need it most. The committee should concentrate on closing gaps in the Fry Scholarship and improving the benefit to Guardsmen and Reservists who deployed overseas in defense of our country, especially those who are recovering from wounds or injuries incurred on Active Duty.    This concludes my remarks, and I look forward to answering any questions the committee may have.    year university here in Washington, DC.    However, not all veterans share his story. He told me he knows many young veterans who were not lucky enough to receive such good advice and chose to use their GI Bill benefits to attend programs that they later learned were not properly accredited. They were faced with the infuriating choice of either completing a worthless degree or starting over at a new program after having wasted both their valuable benefits and time.    Given that current law places many veterans in this untenable situation, I would like Mr. Gehrke of the VFW to expand upon your support, your comments on H.R. 2360, the Career-Ready Student Veterans Act.    Mr. Gehrke. As I mentioned, I know a couple examples of legal degrees, either a paralegal degree or a law school degree, where there are schools who offer these degrees. However, when the veteran graduates with those degrees, they don't have their accreditation or their certificate requirements to go and actually practice paralegal or their legal practice. So you have to wonder if that is the greatest benefit to the veteran as well as to the taxpayer who just paid out thousands of dollars for this veteran to get a degree that he now cannot use or at least has to go get additional certification requirements.    So I think it is the best interest to ensure that degrees are meeting the expectation of the veterans and the employers, and that is the most important thing.    Mr. Gehrke. So, I mean, further context, I think last year it was established that there are senior leaders within VA who are not doing a good job and who are at times neglectful. My fear is that those very people who should be getting fired who are not getting fired will then be in charge of firing their subordinates.    So are you really going to give that authority to a senior manager, who subordinates may not trust, who may not be doing a good job themselves, and then might use his subordinates as a scapegoat, especially if they are blowing the whistle on him and saying, ``This is a bad senior leader who is doing bad things''? Will he have the ability to punish that subordinate and have the ability to initiate that type of firing process for a subordinate who may otherwise be doing a good job or just might not be getting the training and supervision he needs from a senior leader to do a good job? So that is the fear.    However, I think, to be clear, it is the VFW's position that both the hiring and the firing process is far too arduous to complete. But you have to do everything at once and you have to be careful with who you are giving the authority to fire these employees to.    Mr. Gehrke. Absolutely. Thank you for the question.    I think that needs to be extremely focused on. Just out of curiosity, I was looking today, and there are 2,500 vacant VA jobs currently posted on USAJobs. Now, I was looking at out of curiosity, I am not interested in leaving the VFW, just in case my boss is watching. But 1,600 of those positions have been pending for over 60 days. There are 81 positions open in Ohio with 69 of them being pending longer than 60 days, 268 in California with 178 been pending for longer than 60 days, and 40 in Nevada with 15 open for 60 days or greater. And as you indicated, some of those are pretty high-level positions that should be filled.    Now, you have to wonder, if you fired all the employees today, if you had a magic wand and you did that, you would think that there would be an instant gap in services, because there would be nobody there. However, if you are able to hire all those 2,600 employees you would think that services would increase immediately. So I think that needs to be in the frame of thought.    Now, there are multiple recruitment training and retention reforms that should probably take place throughout the VA and the Federal Government as a whole. I think three recommendations that could happen immediately. One is review recruitment patterns, as well as quit rates for positions, especially like schedulers, and take steps to maintain a constant applicant pool, like recruiting at 110 percent rather than at 100 percent or as they open.    Establish automatic recruitment procedures and avoid repeated approval delays and remove requirements to backfill actions. I think hiring managers really feel like it takes too long to get their new hires approved through the process. As well as develop standard operating procedures throughout VA on hire, training, and retention practices.    Right now, each VA medical center has their own hiring practices, their own training practices. Some work better than others, however. So if you are able to take the best practices and then implement them VA-wide, as well as share that information and how that is working, you would think that you would be able to come up with some better solutions that are happening right now. So we strongly recommend VA take the following actions.    But I am definitely eager to work with you and your staff to come out with some concrete details and suggestions on a way to move on forward on that, that we can hopefully couple with the chairman's legislation.    Mr. Gehrke. Not that I am aware of. And like I mentioned, I think VA is one example. I mean, we hear of horror stories all the time in Washington, DC, of the Federal hiring process and the firing process, and I think they are symptomatic of the whole Federal Government.    I would love to see VA become a model employer both in their firing and hiring practices and then be able to disseminate that to other Federal Government agencies. So we would be willing to work with the committee to make that happen.    I do have to say, though, if we are going to create unique standards for VA, we should make sure that those employees are recognized appropriately.