    Dr. Foxx. Morning.    Dr. Foxx. Nice to see you.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And thank you, Secretary Perez, for being here today.    I have been listening to the comments made already and having read a lot of the material about this with a great deal of interest. This, I will tell you, is not an area of expertise for me, but my husband and I discuss these things a lot. He generally handles our investments for us with a little bit of input from me.    But I am really interested in this issue of best-interest contracts. And I know in many cases you can get advice that people think is in the best interest. I know my husband over the years has invested money in areas where he thought there would be a great return, and yet something happens outside his ability to control it.    It happens all the time in investments. You invest in one thing and the market is going up and all of a sudden a new technology comes along or some substitute for that product and your investment isn't worth as much.    You know, best interest, it seems to me, is in the eye of the beholder.    But I want to ask you a quick question about this. If I talk to somebody, a financial professional, to help me open an IRA, why do I need to sign a contract before we can even have a conversation? Do you think that kind of requirement is going to intimidate the new investors that we need to get into the market and ultimately discourage them from saving?    You know, signing a contract for the average person is a big deal.    Dr. Foxx. Well, one of the things it sounds to me like, in terms of best interest, is that this is going to be a full employment regulation for trial lawyers, because who decides what that best interest is going to have to ultimately be decided.    One more question. Are you concerned at all that long-standing, positive relationships between investors and advisers will be disrupted if they are forced to comply with a host of new mandates?    Dr. Foxx. If they are already doing that, then why do we need to have a host of new rules and regulations?    Dr. Foxx. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman. I appreciate it.    You gentlemen were all here and you heard the Secretary. Of course, we never have enough time to ask the questions and get answers that will be helpful. But I intend to ask him this question in follow up and hope I can get some kind of a specific answer.    He kept saying that it is a structurally flawed system, but he never truly identifies what that is except saying he doesn't think the best interests of the clients is always done.    I would like to ask, and I would love each of you to respond, maybe perhaps not today, but I would like to get an answer from each of you.    But I am going to ask Mr. Mason and Mr. Harman if you would answer. Can you tell from what the Secretary has said exactly what the structurally flawed part of the system is? And would this fix that? I think you have said no already. But does it work except for very bad actors that might violate any system that is put into place?    Mr. Mason?    Dr. Foxx. Mr. Harman, before you answer, I would like to say what I got from his comments is that they want equality of outcomes, they want guaranteed outcomes for everyone. It seems to me that is it. They want maximum benefit. Well, all of us want that, for heaven's sake. But there are risks associated.    So Mr. Harman, if you would, if you have any additional comments to what Mr. Mason said.    Dr. Foxx. I also think there is a problem with, again, who will ultimately decide what is in the best interest of the client. And I truly believe that is just going to result in a lot of lawsuits, because you pretend this eight-ounce cup has four ounces of water in it, is it half empty or half full? Who defines what the best interest is, is I think, ultimately, going to be decided in the courts and by expensive trials.    So thank you all very much.    I yield back.