    Dr. Scherson. Thank you.    Chairman Smith, Chairman Weber, Ranking Member Grayson, and Members of the Subcommittee, I thank you for the opportunity to testify in today's hearing on innovation in solar fuels, electricity storage----    Dr. Scherson. My apologies, sir.    Dr. Scherson. All right. Could I start again?    Chairman Smith, Chairman Weber, Ranking Member Grayson, and Members of the Subcommittee, thank you for the opportunity to testify in today's hearing on innovation in solar fuels, electricity storage, and advanced materials. My name is Daniel Scherson, and I'm the Frank Hovorka Professor of Chemistry and Director of the Ernest B. Yeager Center for Electrochemical Sciences at Case Western Reserve University in Cleveland, Ohio, and until a few days ago, President of the Electrochemical Society.    Electrochemistry, a 2-century-old discipline, has reemerged in recent years as key to achieve sustainability and improve human welfare. The scientific and technological domain of electrochemistry is very wide, extending from the corrosive effects of the weather on the safety and integrity of our bridges and roads, to the management of diabetes and Parkinson's disease, and to the fabrication of three-dimensional circuitry of ever-smaller and more complex architecture. In addition, electrochemistry is becoming central to the way in which we generate, store, and manage electricity derived from such intermittent energy sources as the sun and wind.    Among the most ubiquitous electrochemical devices ever invented are batteries. Mostly hidden from sight, batteries convert chemicals into electrical energy used to power cell phones and portable electronics, which are critical to the way we communicate and store information, as well as electrical vehicles, which are expected to mitigate the dangers posed by the release of greenhouse gases into the atmosphere.    I have been asked to focus my attention this morning on aspects of electrochemistry that relate to energy storage, which are expected to greatly impact not only the transportation sector but also the management and optimization of the electrical grid, which combined account for 2/3 of all the energy used in the United States. Scientific and technological advances in this area will bring about a reduction in operating costs, spur economic growth, and create new jobs and promote U.S. innovation in the global marketplace.    The advent of ever more powerful computers and advanced theoretical methods have made it possible to predict with increased accuracy the behavior not only of materials but also of interfaces. The latter play a key role in the chemical industry where there is a strong pressure to develop effective catalysts to increase yields and lower energy demands. This is also true in the area of electrocatalysis, which is critical to the optimization of electrolyzers and fuel cells, yet another class of electrochemical energy conversion devices.    In the area of transportation, any new developments aimed at augmenting reliability, safety, and comfort must be made without compromising performance. Today, batteries for electric cars cannot match already-established standards for range per tank of gasoline-powered vehicles. In simple terms, the energy a battery can store depends on the charge capacity and its voltage. So whereas the energy is dictated by thermodynamics, the power batteries can deliver is given by the current times the voltage.    To illustrate, lithium-ion batteries rely on only a single electron per atom of electrode material to store energy and deliver power. One obvious solution to increase the energy is then to double or, better yet, triple the number of electrons per atom of storage material without decreasing its voltage. Although the viability of such a concept has been demonstrated for the case of magnesium, a divalent metal, using a purely empirical approach, its performance is still below that required for meeting the demands of the largest markets.    Theoretical work at the Joint Center for Electrochemical Storage Research, JCESR, DOE's energy hub led by Argonne National Laboratory, has unveiled new yet-to-be synthesized materials that display promising characteristics. Results have shown that the primary bottleneck resides in the mobility of divalent magnesium ion within the host lattice, which is greatly enhancing materials where the ions sit in energetically and unfavorable sites as compared to the sites along the path of migration. Such design rules have been validated in the laboratory for known materials, and arrangements have been made with partners, laboratories to synthesize these new promising materials.    Equally important is the search of new organic electrolytes exhibiting large voltage windows of stability, including ionic solvation. From an overall perspective, the problems that remain to be resolved towards achieving sustainability demand a fundamental understanding of the basic processes underlying energy conversion and energy storage at a microscopic level and the development of spectroscopic and structural probes with highly spatial and temporal resolution to monitor individual atomic and molecular events. Such knowledge can only come from new generations of scientists trained at our colleges, universities, and national laboratories, which will require increased research support from the government.    Thank you.    Dr. Scherson. Yes, well, certain aspects of my answer will follow what Professor Lewis was referring to. In a battery we have two electrodes and we have an electrolyte in between. Each of these components needs individual attention. Solving 2/3 of the problem does not solve the problem of coming up with a viable device. So it's absolutely essential to engage people with knowledge in physics so that we can understand how ions migrate through lattices. We need to involve our chemists that are going to give us insight into how ions solvate and migrate through the electrolyte and engineers that will have to teach us how to assemble the device, and finally, I guess that technoeconomic models are also necessary in order to decide whether certain technology is viable or not in the marketplace.    Dr. Scherson. Yes. In fact, the same role would apply to the field of batteries. There are situations where developments are made and people get excited and then they go and try to make a viable device, and to find that certain questions were not answered properly. And so I think that the involvement of the government of the basic research becomes essential in order to migrate from the very basic research into industry. This is a role that EERE should play.    Dr. Scherson. If I may start?    Dr. Scherson. Well, the components of a battery are numerous. In fact, very simply, if you take a cathode of the lithium-ion battery that powers your cell phone, you will find that it is composed of little tiny particles that are all electrically interconnected by yet another component, and so the key is to be able to isolate each of the components of the battery and try to understand their properties, their intrinsic properties. So in my research group, we are looking at single particles of a cathode or anode and trying to investigate the dynamics, for example, of ion insertion into the materials. That's important when you charge or discharge. We are taking particles of the anode and trying to understand how the anode reacts with the electrolyte, forming a passive film that is required for the operation of the battery.    So in essence, we need to understand the individual components and then understand how the assembly of these components will make a device that is going to fulfill the purposes for which it was intended.    Dr. Scherson. Well, in fact, I have not been in Texas at those facilities, but I've been in Spain where there is a heavy use of wind. So the trick here is to convert the wind energy into, let's say, another kind of energy, so one way is to store it electricity. So you may ask what kind of devices are there available in order to store this electricity for use when the wind is not blowing?    So there are batteries, right? There are also some other devices that are called redox flow batteries, which is like a battery but then you have these enormous amounts of liquid that get passed through the electrodes and then you can store power in that fashion. In fact, the Swiss Government is investing lots of money in implementing such an approach.    The other possibility is to convert that electrical energy into chemicals that can be stored and then used at a later time.    So just to give you an idea of the numbers. In your car you have the lead acid battery, and that will give you, let's say, 100 units. So if you were going to move the technology into lithium-ion, then you will get 250 units. So if we can transition that into magnesium, which is one of the divalent metals that is being explored at JCESR, then you can increase that number up to 700.    And then lastly, if you go to the limit you could have three electrons per atom of charge storage, you can get easily to 1,000. So you can see by transitioning from today's technology with lead acid, we can get about an order of magnitude more efficient energy storage by moving into these multivalent ion systems.    Dr. Scherson. Thank you. Yes, the only example that comes to mind that I'm fairly acquainted with is in Japan where they have tried to emulate the EFRCs and hubs programs that DOE is supporting in this country. The amount of financial support is lower than the one that the government here provides for these multidisciplinary centers.    One difference that perhaps may be considered is the integration of industry into the program. So now you have the beginning from the basic knowledge to the end user, and that has proven to be of value so that by going from one extreme to the other one, this conversation makes it possible to take the good ideas and then migrate them very quickly into the marketplace.    Dr. Scherson. Well, I'm fairly well-acquainted with JCESR. I belong to their advisory board. And this is some sort of a large-scale experiment in trying to do the basic science and then migrate all the basic science through all the steps that are required to put the final product out the door of commercial companies that may want to take that technology and bring it to the marketplace.    It is a remarkable thing that's working very well from what I can tell. It encompasses activities from the chemical engineering but it goes into the design of the system to the very basic teaching so far what one particle can do when the electrode gets charged and discharged. So it's the entire spectrum of activity that is concentrated into one organization under one head.    Dr. Scherson. Yes. I will just simply complement the answer given by Nate. I just learned that about ten percent of the cost of an actual battery goes into materials, 90 percent into manufacturing. So, you know, we have to be able to bridge the gap between what we regard as fundamental research and applied research. I'm afraid that companies may not want to take the risk of trying to take something from the laboratory and try to produce something under their cost into a final product. So in my view, JCESR has managed to be able to bridge this gap in trying to make these boundaries disappear.    Dr. Scherson. If I could address the importance of theoretical research. Nowadays, we have the ability of throwing at a computer all the elements in the periodic table and begin to ask questions. And we said what kinds of materials could possibly be designed in the computer that are going to end up giving us the ideal material for an actual application? And, you know, I have been many times and I'm sure that my colleagues are the same that the computer produces something that we never thought of. And there is a case at the moment of the material discovered by the computer that is very good in terms of allowing magnesium two plus to migrate through the cathode.    And so people at JCESR are contacting one laboratory in the world which happens to have that capability, and then you can then validate what the computer predicted and then do the experiment to find out whether that is a good one or not. So this interchange between theory and experiment is becoming to be crucial in order to discover new and more efficient materials for all sorts of applications.