    Mr. Garrett. I thank the Chair and yes, we do have them, we do have triple deckers, I say triple deckers are not quite triple deckers but just slightly--    Mr. Garrett. Okay. Thank you. So let's talk about--and I don't know whether this topic was covered and forgive me if it was, but I was in three other hearings--predatory lending and your work in that area to try to find the bad actors, find the bad lenders who are engaged in predatory lending. Predatory lending probably has a technical definition, but I just think of it like when you have teaser rates trying to attract people in at a rate that is lower than it is going to be later on, trying to get people into triple deckers or regular deckers that they may or may not be able to afford because the rates are going to change and so forth.    And there probably is a definition of it if you looked at the books of the company, the track record of those people that I just described who you got in there have a higher default rate, right, than everybody else.    That's a nontechnical definition of predatory lending. You are nodding your head, so yes?    Mr. Garrett. Okay. So it was about a week or so ago we had the head of the FHA here and they described what they do and that is exactly what they do. So will you commit to us today, since you are charged with looking at predatory lending, to look at the practices of the FHA and their practices which you have just defined as predatory lending?    Mr. Garrett. The FHA has loans and they just lowered the--basically allowed for teaser rates, lower rates now than you will be getting later on, that they will use to try to attract people by lowering the premiums by a difference of $25 or $75 as their insurance rates that they have on there.    Having a default rate that is 150 percent relative to the rates as I described with all the others, those are all the things that came out in the testimony of the FHA, which you just described as, and agree with me is, predatory lending.    Shouldn't we really be looking at that, because isn't it unfair to the 150 percent of those folks who fall in that category who are now suffering because of those loans that they got into through the FHA?    Mr. Garrett. Well, no, they can't afford the loan because their default rate falling into these categories is 150 percent compared to the--    Mr. Garrett. That is a good point. So will you commit to us to examine that data and get back to us whether their data--    Mr. Garrett. Will you start, will you commit to us that you will look at both data that they already have and at the new data under the plan and report back to us on a regular basis to see what they are doing?    Mr. Garrett. If I told you that there was a particular institution in my town that was engaged in this, would you tell me that it will take awhile to extract the information, that they just set up the program that they are doing in the bank and you don't have to worry about getting back to us for a long period of time?    Is that how you would handle any other institution?    Mr. Garrett. Right. So any one of these things by itself would not be a factor when you have multiple factors you would--can you commit to us at all that you will be looking at what they are doing?    Mr. Garrett. But will you commit to us at all that you will look at them as you would look at any other institution? Are they somehow special that they don't deserve your attention?    Mr. Garrett. Thank you.