    Mr. Cleaver. Thank you, Chairman Hensarling, Ranking Member Waters, and members of the committee.    Good morning, Mr. Secretary. I do, as a person born and raised and educated in Texas, take pride in your appearance and your filling this role for us. I look forward to learning more about the changes that are being implemented at the FHA and your thoughts on the future of housing in our country.    The American Dream, to many Americans, is simple. Many tire and toil just to have an opportunity to raise their family in a place they call their very own home. Owning a home is a part of the American Dream. It is a person's private piece of paradise.    The pride of homeownership often fosters not only a desire to take care of one's personal property but also an effort to protect the integrity and appearance of the surrounding neighborhoods, as well. Affordable housing not only is a key component to a vibrant, expanding, and prosperous community but also has the opportunity to enhance someone's ``somebody-ness.'' I speak experientially; I have seen it in my own life.    It is important to take a moment to highlight the important role that the FHA plays in housing.    The FHA has historically played, and even today plays, a significant role in aiding first-time home buyers and low-income families with purchasing a home, a role that is crucial as the housing market continues to heal. As have many in this room today, I relied on the FHA to purchase my first home. And when the economy crashed and the bottom fell out of the housing market, the FHA played a significant role. What we have to do is fill this gaping cavity left by private lenders who are not able to lend.    And so I am looking forward, Mr. Secretary, to the opportunity not only to hear what you are doing but to also be of support in the role that FHA has played.    Thank you.    Mr. Cleaver. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Mr. Chairman, in keeping with the Christmas motif of this hearing, is it in order that I ask Mr. Perlmutter a question?    Mr. Secretary, do you believe that all people who purchase merchandise on sale during Christmas experience regret in January?    Mr. Cleaver. Thank you. Are you familiar with the term ``disambiguation?'' It is esoteric. It actually means time travel. And how long have you been Secretary?    Mr. Cleaver. Yes. So I am amazed at your command of all of the facts, but unless you can go back in time for a year, do you think that in 6 months, you have acquired all of the information that you will acquire, say, in another 6 months?    Mr. Cleaver. Yes, I believe so as well.    And I think Einstein was wrong, but I have a degree in sociology. Let me find out, Fair Isaac says that a good credit score is 550. Tell me again what the HUD, FHA score for borrowers is at presently?    Mr. Cleaver. So that is hardly giving loans to unworthy borrowers based on credit scores. Is that--    Mr. Cleaver. Yes, so Fair Isaac says 550 is good, and most of us, most creditors look at that score, is that accurate? So FHA does, in fact, have strong underwriting criteria.    Mr. Cleaver. The one thing that I think is kind of important, at least to me, is that about a half million Americans, even though they were minorities, were able to get FHA loans in 2014. And I think you were projecting 800,000 this coming year.    Mr. Cleaver. Is there any projection on how many people actually apply for FHA loans but are determined not to be creditworthy, and are turned down?    Mr. Cleaver. But it would be a substantial number?    Mr. Cleaver. Yes. I guess I am trying to get to the point where--there seems to be this belief that FHA is just giving money away to people who are not creditworthy, and I didn't want this hearing to end with anybody believing that is, in fact, happening.    Mr. Cleaver. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.