    Mr. Gowdy . And on that note, the gentleman's time has expired. And we will recognize the gentleman from Ohio, Mr. Jordan.    Mr. Gowdy. The gentleman's time has expired. The Chair would now recognize the gentleman from Georgia, Mr. Johnson.    Mr. Gowdy. The gentleman yields back. The Chair will now recognize my friend from Puerto Rico, Mr. Pierluisi.    Mr. Gowdy. The Chair thanks the gentleman from Puerto Rico and now recognizes the gentleman from Arizona, Mr. Franks.    Mr. Gowdy. The gentleman yields.    The Chair will now recognize the gentlelady from California, Ms. Chu.    Mr. Gowdy. The gentlelady yields back.    The Chair will now recognize former United States Attorney from Pennsylvania Mr. Marino.    Mr. Gowdy. The gentleman yields back.    The Chair will now recognize the gentleman from Florida, Mr. Deutch.    Mr. Gowdy. The gentleman yields back.    The Chair will now recognize himself.    Madam Attorney General, I want to tell you I enjoyed visiting with you recently. And I want to thank you for DAG Sally Yates' recent trip to South Carolina, which was very well-received.    There are three areas I want to cover with you. First would be Mr. Kadzik's letter to Congress recently. And I'm going to paraphrase one of the paragraphs, but it's a pretty close paraphrase: The IRS mishandled tax-exempt applications in a manner that disproportionately impacted conservative groups.    I read that to mean that he found a discriminatory effect. In other words, there were similarly situated people, but there was a disparate impact on conservative groups. That's, I think, the only way to read that paragraph in Mr. Kadzik's letter.    He then wrote, ``It left the appearance that the IRS conduct was motivated by political, discriminatory, corrupt, or other inappropriate motives.''    So have you a discriminatory effect, but he said the cause, the motive was mismanagement, as opposed to a crime. And then that got me thinking, if my sheriff stops only red cars for speeding, at what point is it not mismanagement but it actually is circumstantial evidence of intent?    Attorney General Lynch. Well, with respect to the actions that you refer to, Congressman, I think you certainly are accurate when you indicate that our letter noted that the groups that had complained were treated differently from other groups. And they were also treated in a way that did not advance their applications; they were treated badly. So one can understand their concerns and the issues that they raised.    With respect to the investigation, as we outline in our letter, under the relevant statutes that we were reviewing, we needed to find evidence of criminal intent. That intent was not there.    With respect to the example that you raise, certainly there are certain statutes that take into effect a discriminatory impact. But, again, even in our civil rights laws, if one had a discriminatory impact, you would not necessarily be able to prove a discriminatory intent.    Mr. Gowdy. It's really hard to prove intent, really hard, which is why usually you use circumstantial evidence. And if female voters were required to show two forms of ID but male voters were only required to show one, how many voters would have to pass through the prompter before you would say that's circumstantial evidence of an intent to discriminate?    I mean, never do you have direct evidence of intent. It's really hard to prove intent, which is why we typically use circumstantial evidence.    And I noted, in Mr. Kadzik's letter, he didn't say there was insufficient evidence; he said there was no evidence. Would you agree with me that there's a very big difference between saying insufficient evidence and absolutely no evidence, which is what he wrote? He found no evidence of any intent to discriminate despite the fact that there's a discriminatory effect.    Attorney General Lynch. Well, I think the letter does speak for itself in that regard.    What I would say is that, Congressman, as a general matter in how we handle our criminal investigations, we do look for evidence of intent. And it comes in a number of ways--some circumstantial, some direct. Every case is different. In every investigation, as in this investigation, we gather all the evidence, we gather all the facts, and we apply the law to those facts and let that determine the answer.    Mr. Gowdy. I'm with you, Madam Attorney General, but you concede the discriminatory effect. So that's half of what you have to prove, and it's already there. You concede that.    And we've got e-mails from Ms. Lerner that we need a plan but we have to be cautious that it's not per se a political project. I think a jury would find that to be an interesting e-mail.    She worried mightily that Republican control of the Senate might be tantamount to a Republican President, and she wasn't thrilled about that. That would be circumstantial evidence of a political motivation.    She referred to the Tea Party as very dangerous.    I mean, how many pieces of circumstantial evidence--keeping in mind the author of the letter didn't say ``insufficient.'' I could have lived with it if you'd said, ``Look, our prosecutors just couldn't make the case. It's a close call. It's a jump ball. We couldn't make the case.'' That's not what he said. He said there's no evidence.    I just cited three e-mails that I think would be evidence of some intent. Don't you think?    Attorney General Lynch. Well, Congressman, as I said, I think the letter in its full entirety speaks for itself and does outline not only all of the issues that you raise but the host of other things that were reviewed and looked at in the course of the investigation and does explain the conclusions to which the Department came.    With respect to the referral, the issue was whether or not there was evidence of a criminal intent. That is to say, did one act on certain views? Was that the reason for the actions? And as we've noted in our letter, and as we've offered to have in further briefings with you, we did not find evidence of that through the million pages of documents and hundreds of witnesses that were interviewed.    Mr. Gowdy. I would love to take you up on that offer for a private debriefing, because I need somebody to explain to me the difference between specific intent and general intent. Because, as I read her e-mails, even some of the mediocre prosecutors on this panel, I think, could get to a jury, given the evidence that they have.    I want to touch on two other issues and then--because there's a trend of going over.    I would invite you at some point--and this is going to be a bipartisan comment, because this goes back to 2004, and in 2004 there was a Republican administration.If you look at the firearms prosecutions from 2004 to 2012, you're going to be shocked at how few prosecutions there were, not for 924(c), not for firearms offenses that happened during a crime of violence, but I mean lying and buying, selling a gun to somebody who's been adjudicated mentally ill, somebody who's been committed. There were 22 guilty adjudications over the course of 9 years for people possessing firearms who were users or addicts of drugs--22 in 9 years.    So when I hear my friend from Florida talk about the need for more gun laws, yes, we're going to say, how are you doing with the ones you currently have?    And I would invite your attention to this chart, which came from--former Attorney General Holder provided it to us. I think you're going to be shocked at how few--and I get that there's not much jury appeal. Trust me, I get that it is hard to go in front of a jury in a lying-and-buying case. But you noted earlier the focus on firearms cases in the context of violent crime. And I think we would all agree the objective is to prevent the violent crime, not to do a really good job prosecuting it afterward, but to keep it from happening in the first place, which is why I would invite your attention to this.    My last point is simply this: You have been asked repeatedly this morning to comment on ongoing investigations, and you always give the same answer. And it's the exact same answer that Marino gave me in the back, who's a former U.S. attorney, and it's the exact same answer Mr. Ratcliffe gave me in the back, who's a former U.S. attorney, which is you can neither confirm nor deny the existence of an ongoing investigation. And if we happen to know about one, you're not going to comment on it. That's exactly what you should say. I'm just wondering why the President didn't get that memo.    And you may in your well of souls believe that it does not impact Director Comey or you, and it may not. But I promise you it impacts the perception of my fellow citizens when the person who is responsible for executing the laws in this country prejudges the outcome of investigations. It may not impact the reality; I promise you it impacts the perception. And that's equally dangerous.    And, with that, I would recognize the gentleman from Illinois, Mr. Gutierrez.    Mr. Gowdy. The gentleman yields back.    The Chair will now recognize the gentleman from Utah, Mr. Chaffetz.    Mr. Gowdy. I think what the gentleman is asking is, if a subpoena goes out and someone does not comply with the subpoena, how do you view the Department's obligations to enforce compliance?    A subpoena is only as good as your ability to enforce compliance. And we don't have access to a police force, which is a good thing. So we're relying upon you to enforce them.    And I take the gentleman's question to be, how do you view your obligation to back up this branch of government when it needs access to documents or witnesses?    Attorney General Lynch. Again, Mr. Chairman, I certainly--with respect to a subpoena from this body or any other that would come to the Department of Justice for enforcement, we would review all of the information about that.    Certainly, in my career as a prosecutor and as a U.S. attorney, I have had occasion to issue subpoenas and then work on alternate means of compliance, both as a prosecutor and as a private attorney. So there are a number of ways in which we can obtain compliance, and I would certainly need to know more of the factual predicate before I could provide you with any specific guidance.    Mr. Gowdy. Yes, ma'am.    The gentleman yields back.    The Chair will now recognize the gentlelady from California, Ms. Bass.    Mr. Gowdy. Yes, ma'am.    The gentlelady yields back.    Madam Attorney General, you've been sitting there for 3 hours. Votes are coming, which will provide a break. But I am happy to break now, given the fact that you've been sitting there 3 hours, if you would like 5 minutes, or we can march on until they call votes. It is totally up to you.    Attorney General Lynch. I would appreciate 5 minutes if that's possible.    Mr. Gowdy. Done.    Attorney General Lynch. Thank you, sir.    