    Mr. O'Rourke. Thank you, Mr. Chair.    I would like to continue this line of questioning, the comments made by Ms. Speier about the political guts necessary to pass and implement the work that you have brought before us.    Talk a little bit about the survey and the surveying that you did. And I know that you published the questionnaire and the results online. I thank you for your transparency.    Talk about how those survey results factored into your recommendations, and whether or not there has been any survey since the whole of this has been presented. And if so, what the feedback is on that. I think that might inform some of the work that we have to do in order to ultimately pass something like this.    Mr. O'Rourke. Individual alternatives were surveyed. Was the final product surveyed? Or did you all solicit feedback from military service organizations, VSOs and----    Mr. O'Rourke. The answer is yes. Okay.    But those--the results weren't--it informed and was a factor in the decisions that you made, the recommendations that you made. But if something scored very well and was very popular but you thought did not make sense, you did not make that recommendation. Is that----    Mr. O'Rourke. And if I could from Mr. Buyer would love to, following that and some of the questions that were just answered, you were in our shoes. How do you move forward to produce the necessary political will in and out of this institution?    I am again thinking about veteran's service organizations, military retiree organizations, the people who come to my town halls every month. And you know it may just be 1 percent, but they look at that cumulative total over the next bunch of years and it adds up. And they have legitimate concerns about that. How would you present this in a situation like that?    Mr. Buyer. I think in the exercise of your intellect be methodical would be my best counsel to you. Methodical to you in that you have given us an assignment. You put together this Commission. We have worked very, very hard with a very talented staff. We dove into the issues that you get to work with, but we went deep.    You don't get the luxury of that time to go deep as we have done, and to listen to so many across the force, and then to survey it, be responsive to so many different concerns at so many different levels. And to go into the third and fourth degrees of consequences.    You only dream as a member to do that kind of thing, but you never have the time to do it. The luxury was you gave us that assignment. So we have applied our intellect to do that, and our scholarship is in our report.    Now, you also must filter. You have to filter the difference between the constructive critic and the critic. You also have to recognize that there is a bureaucracy out there that I call the mud or the muck. And they are defended by gargoyles. And those gargoyles that defend the muck will try to suck you in and hold you in place.    And being the agent of change is never fun. And that is what this committee gets to do. You get to be the agent of change because the force is ready and the time is now.    So be constructive. Listen to the constructive critic. The noise will always be there. They have to respond to membership. They have a different constituency than what you have.    Mr. O'Rourke. Thank you. Thanks again for your work.