    Mr. Walz. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Thank you all for your testimony.    I do agree that the importance of this weapon system as to our airpower and our national security strategy is pretty clear to everyone. I also appreciate your optimism, but I don't think we could come here without the skepticism that is probably healthy in any endeavor that we do.    So just a couple of things I would ask. And I am going to build on this last question on long-term viability and sustainability because the issues we are talking about are just getting us to the baseline and where we go from there.    And so, Mr. Sullivan, on several occasions, I think you have been thoughtful about it and raised long-term affordability as a key area of risk. Is that addressed? Do you see that moving in the right direction? And do you still consider--I think it is obvious and wise to think that way. But where are we headed with it?    Mr. Walz. Is there anything that indicates to you--because I would say the members sitting here understand from sequestration to national debt, to competing priorities, nothing is going to change that.    I think the estimate is over, if you will, a 50-year lifecycle of this is $1 trillion. We are not quite halfway there yet. The fortitude to come back every year is one that I think we are going to have to think about and think about deeply.    Mr. Walz. And I realize how difficult this is. But I can't stress enough, if it falls short in any way of achieving these things, the difficulty on those dollars are going to be even more. I mean, it has to do everything that it says it is going to do.    And so I am going to ask--and I know this is subjective, but I think it is important for us because this is looking ahead--what is this hearing going to look like in April of 2016, when we come back and hold this hearing on the F-35? How big of difference are we going to see? Is this thing going to be doing what it is supposed to do?    Mr. Walz. I appreciate that.    My time is up, Mr. Chairman. Maybe we will get that in another member's question. Thank you.    Mr. Walz. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And I would just do a quick follow-up. And I would like to get on this--and I think I heard my colleague and friend, Mr. Knight. When he talks about test flights, I listen. As we all know, his family holds an important position in American aviation history and test flights. And I think he is right.    And I want to get on this issue about we can't expect a perfect product right out of the gate, but there is a question I want to follow up on this June 23rd fire.    That was a relatively new aircraft. The way I understand it, it had 160 hours of flight time. It was flown inside its designated flight envelope; so, the pilot wasn't at fault. But despite all this, we had a new aircraft forming at a very easy place where it should have been. We lost the aircraft and nearly lost the pilot.    So, General Bogdan, here is my question to you. We have been--the way I understand it, we were informed that the root cause was the F-35 last year was a lack of accuracy in the Pratt & Whitney's model on how the engine would behave under flight conditions on that specific aircraft. Specifically, the model did not apparently account for the rubbing you talked about between certain internal portions of the engine under flight conditions.    Here is my questions to you. If that part of the model was not accurate, despite many years and the billions of dollars, what other parts of the engine performance could be inaccurate? And where is that high risk, in your opinion?    And, secondly on this, the Marine Corps' version we are going to see later this year, am I correct that it is going to perform lower than what the expectations are? This is a test flight moving to that. So it is at 5.5 g's .    Are you worried that the modeling is not taking into account, when this gets pushed further and further into its flight envelope, what is going to happen, General?    General Bogdan. Great question, Congressman.    You are precisely right that the original Pratt & Whitney model did not anticipate the amount of heat that would be generated when those two parts of the engine that do rub--and we intended on them rubbing, and they do rub when the airplane's maneuvering--but we did not nearly expect the kind of heat generation we saw because their model, again, failed to capture that.    So what we did with the independent air worthiness authorities that work outside of my program office--they put their best and brightest in the Navy and the Air Force on this to get to that root cause.    And one of the requirements we had before we ever designed a fix for the engine for that specific problem was to go back and take a look at those models and decide where else was there in terms of risk in those models.    And the independent air worthiness authorities at NAVAIR and LCMC had to come and say that they understood where those models were adequate and where they weren't and what Pratt was going to do to improve that before they would even allow us to put the fix on the airplane to get back in the air.    Mr. Walz. Were there improvements made to their model? Did you find things that----    General Bogdan. Oh, yes, sir. There were a number of improvements, not the least of which was we looked at all the materials--all the material properties in the engine and revalidated whether the characteristics of those properties, in terms of heating and friction, were accurate and appropriate for what we knew to be the case.    Additionally, a fighter engine moves. It moves this way. It moves this way. And it moves this way. We had to make sure that that model, which was describing how much the touching and rubbing would occur, was accurate, also, before we put those airplanes back in flight. That was part of the reason why the planes were grounded for as long as they were.    Mr. Walz. So later this summer, when they go and they push that to 5.5 g's and they start pushing ahead of that, you are, I'm certain, as you said--and I know this to be the case--you are not going to put one of those----    General Bogdan. Sure. We took the fix from--the interim fix from that engine mishap and we flight-tested it at Edwards on both engine variants and we took it up to the maximum g limit of the airplane, which is greater than what the Marine Corps is going to be allowed to do this summer.    Mr. Walz. And, in this case, we didn't have a loss of life. So is it your assessment this is what test flights do? We learned a lot from this, we are better off, and it----    General Bogdan. What I would tell you, sir, is no surprise discovery is good. But if you are going to have them, it is better to have them on the ground and it is better to have them early in a program before you have had thousands of engines out there.    Mr. Walz. Okay.    General Bogdan. So, from that perspective, we are okay. And I am just--we are just blessed that that pilot is okay.    Mr. Walz. Great.    I yield back, Mr. Chairman. Thank you for the additional time.