    Mr. Cicilline. Thank you, Chairman Smith. I, first, want to thank you and Ranking Member Bass for calling this hearing today and to thank all the witnesses for the work that you are doing, for being here today.    I am very proud to be the co-chair of the Congressional Peacekeeping Caucus, which I formed with my colleague Adam Kinzinger. And we formed this because we recognize the important role that peacekeepers play in maintaining international peace and stability and the impact peacekeeping missions have on the United States and our own national security.    But we also formed the Caucus with the intention of taking a closer look at the areas that are in need of reform. I think, like everyone else who has learned about these repeated allegations of sexual abuse and exploitation against U.N. peacekeeping forces around the world, we are all, I think, very concerned about that and really alarmed at the inability of the U.N. to effectively prevent this kind of abuse and to hold perpetrators accountable when it happens.    I do think I want to really thank you, Mr. Hannum, for your comments because I do think the notion of sort of disengaging from the U.N. as an effective way to bring about real reform and accountability would be a tragic mistake. In fact, I think this is a moment when we have to deepen our involvement and really engage in an even more serious way. If we are going to hope to see any real progress, it is going to require U.S. leadership. And so, I think the notion of not paying our dues or not playing an active role will make success in terms of reforming less likely. And I appreciate your comments on that.    My first question really is, it strikes me that, as you analyze where U.N. peacekeepers are and who contributes to them, without oversimplifying it, my sense is that it is the poor countries that provide the troops and the affluent countries that supply the money. And it may be that that is part of the challenge because it is not surprising that some of the poorer countries don't have the same resources for the kind of training and professional development of soldiers that more affluent countries might have.    And so, I wonder whether any of you see that question about really training, because we can get to the question about whistleblowers and accountability in a moment, but preventing it from happening I think has to be our first focus.    My first question really is, is there some role that Congress can play that we should be advocating for at the U.N. that will really enhance the professionalization and the training that is made available to the soldiers who actually participate in peacekeeping to supplement what poor countries may either not be doing because they can't or not be doing because they won't? But we will start with that.    Mr. Cicilline. If I may, Mr. Chairman, one more question? Okay.    So, there have been a number of suggestions made about things we could advocate for at the U.N., maybe a different resolution that makes some of this compulsory rather than advisory. And I think recognizing it is an international organization, that may be difficult, but it is certainly something we should consider, and a number of other reforms that have been suggested and a number of things that I think that we could suggest or press the Secretary-General to do.    But my final question is, are there any actions that you think Congress could take to accelerate the reforms that you have all testified today or any other action you would take that would help respond to this very serious problem that we see with respect to the conduct of the peacekeepers?    If you had one thing you would recommend Congress to do?    Mr. Cicilline. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.