    Mrs. Brooks. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    To the panel, thank you all so much for being here and for helping us understand these complex issues. I am a former United States Attorney and so I have worked with my state's Medicaid Fraud Control Unit, I think we called it MFCU is the acronym that I recall. It has been a few years, but I understand all too well the nationwide prevalence of the problem of Medicaid fraud, and I am encouraged by the fact that the committee is taking up the issues of program integrity.    I also am very pleased that Chairman Pitts has introduced, and I am working with him, on H.R. 3444, the Medicaid and CHIP Territory Fraud Prevention Act because it is important that our territories also have Medicaid Fraud Control Units. And I want to dive into that a little bit further.    Can you, Mr. Hagg, really just talk with us, and I know Chairman Pitts started out by talking about the units and how they are funded and so forth, but can you give us, based on your experience with the Fraud Control Units in the states, can you explain further why this is a wise investment of our Federal dollars to make sure that the territories set up Medicaid Fraud Control Units?    Mrs. Brooks. Thank you. You anticipated my next question, which was actually about the amount of recovery that the units, that the Medicaid Fraud Control Units across the country have recovered, and that is $2 billion that is reinvested for other patients, is that correct? Or how is the $2 billion then when it is recovered by the government units that recover it, how is that money used?    Ms. Brooks. I think just to repeat, that was $2 billion recovered.    Mrs. Brooks. How many Medicare fraud units are there in the country right now roughly?    Mrs. Brooks. Thank you. And Mr. Gomez can you just share with me the experience in Oklahoma and the work that Oklahoma is doing, the benefits, and how do states like Oklahoma feel about the fact that the territories don't have Medicaid Fraud Control Units?    Mrs. Brooks. I think Mr. Hagg brought up while I initially was more focused on the fraud aspects and the amount of money that would be recovered, I think your point about the Medicaid Fraud Control Units being, are they actually the primary units investigating patient care issues, Mr. Hagg?    Mrs. Brooks. OK.    And, Ms. Riley, any comments you would like to make based on your experience about Medicaid Fraud Control Units and the patient care issues?    Mrs. Brooks. And so because the territories don't have these, is that not happening now then, the patient care issues with respect to healthcare facilities, how is that being monitored then?    Mrs. Brooks. Thank you.    Thank you. I yield back.