    Mrs. Maloney. Thank you so much for calling this important hearing.    I thank all of our panelists for attending, particularly Mr. Beatty and Mr. Griggs, who is from NASDAQ, which is located in the district I am privileged to represent. I look forward to all of your testimony today.    This hearing will examine four legislative proposals that are intended to make it easier for companies to raise capital. While I am interested in hearing our witnesses' thoughts on these proposals, I do have some serious concerns with some of the bills as they are written.    H.R. 4850, the Micro Offering Safe Harbor Act, creates three entirely new exemptions from the requirement to register securities. First, the securities will be exempt from the registration requirement if the buyer has a ``substantive preexisting relationship'' with an officer of the company before he buys the securities.    Second, the securities will be exempt as long as the company ``reasonably believes'' that there are no more than 35 buyers who have relied on these new exemptions in the previous year.    And finally, the securities will be exempt if the company hasn't sold more than $500,000 of securities in the past year.    Based on the title of the bill, I believe that is intended to apply only to very small offerings of securities, or ``micro offerings'' as they are so called. However, the way I read the bill, it actually applies to all offerings, no matter how large, as long as the buyer has a substantive preexisting relationship with an officer of the company before he buys the security.    I am concerned that this would blow a hole in the securities law because a substantive preexisting relationship could even be developed during the company's sales pitch to the investor.    It is important to note that we are already seeing a trend toward the use of unregistered private securities rather than publicly registered securities. In fact, the private securities market is now larger than the public securities market in 2014. Companies raised $2.1 trillion through the private securities market, compared to only $1.3 trillion through the public securities market.    I believe we need to take a step back and think about whether this trend is a good thing. Clearly, this means that more securities are being sold with fewer investor protections.    Are investors in these securities being harmed or exposed to risks that they don't fully understand? Or are investors capable of bearing these risks, which they fully understood before they purchased the securities? These are important questions that I think we need to ask 4 years after the JOBS Act.    Finally, another bill we will consider today, H.R. 4854, would significantly expand the number of investors who can invest in venture capital funds that are exempt from SEC oversight. Under current law, a fund can be exempt from SEC oversight if it has less than 100 investors and its securities are not offered publicly.    A fund with fewer than 100 investors which is not marketed publicly poses fewer investor protection concerns than large funds that have lots of retail investors in them. This bill would raise that threshold from 100 investors to 500 investors, but only for venture capital funds.    I would like to hear from our witnesses as to why this change to such a longstanding rule is necessary, and what problem we are trying to solve.    So I would like to thank all of our witnesses for being here today, and I look forward to a robust discussion.    Thank you so much, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Mrs. Maloney. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And I ask unanimous consent to place in the record testimony from the University of Denver.    Mrs. Maloney. Okay.    Mr. Beatty, I would like to ask you about the Micro Offering Safe Harbor Act. In your testimony you said that this bill would expose retail investors to ``literally unlimited investment risks.''    Can you talk about why you think this bill is so broad? Is it because companies could sell unlimited amounts of securities to buyers that they have a preexisting relationship with? Is that the main challenge that you see with this bill?    Mrs. Maloney. If I could follow up on that--    Mrs. Maloney. --would your view of the Micro Offering Safe Harbor bill change if a company had to comply with all three of the requirements in the bill in order to take advantage of the relief? In other words, what if the bill was limited to $500,000-worth of securities a year, to no more than 35 investors, and they all had to have a preexisting relationship with an officer of a company? Would that--    Mrs. Maloney. In your testimony you noted that you had serious concerns about the Private Placement Improvement Act because it would weaken the few existing investor protections in Rule 506. Can you elaborate on which investor protections this bill would weaken and which protections do you think are the most important? Do you think these investor protections are particularly onerous for companies?    In other words, are any of these protections really preventing any companies from raising capital?    Mrs. Maloney. Thank you.    Mr. Keating, the SEC just recently completed its crowdfunding rules, which are set up to take effect next month, and I was a Democratic sponsor of the original bill. Should we wait until we have some experiences from crowdfunding before we move forward with the other significant changes in crowdfunding exemptions?    And also, you mentioned you had studied what had happened in England. Has crowdfunding been used not only for the private sector but for public purposes, for good--not-for-profits? Have they used crowdfunding for public service endeavors also in England, or is it just limited to private sector investment opportunities?    Mrs. Maloney. Yes.    Mrs. Maloney. I think it could be public-funded, too.    Mrs. Maloney. Don't you think we should wait a little bit before we come forward with a little--all these changes that--    Mrs. Maloney. The rules haven't even gone into effect.    Mrs. Maloney. My time has expired. Thank you.