    Mr.  Lenhardt. Thank you, Chairwoman Granger, Ranking Member Lowey, and members of this subcommittee, for allowing me to discuss the fiscal year 2016 budget request for the United States Agency for International Development.    Thanks to strong interagency partners and bipartisan support in Congress, we are fortunate to have leaders throughout government who understand the importance of development to our own Nation's security and prosperity. At USAID, we believe that by partnering to end extreme poverty and promoting resilient democratic societies we are helping developing countries transform into peaceful, open, and flourishing partners for our own Nation.    As I testify today, my colleagues at USAID are supporting that mission and representing our country in dynamic and challenging environments around the world. We are rooting out threats before they reach our shores, unlocking flourishing markets for American businesses, and connecting our young people and universities with global opportunities, all for less than 1 percent of the federal budget.    This year's budget request advances our country's interests while responding to pressing national security priorities all over the world, from Nigeria to Honduras. By leveraging public-private partnerships and harnessing innovation we are maximizing the value of each and every dollar entrusted to us. At the same time, we are making difficult choices about where our work will have the greatest impact, shifting resources and personnel to better advance our mission of ending extreme poverty around the world.    These investments have delivered real, measurable results on behalf of the American people. Our Feed the Future program has helped 7 million farmers boost their harvests with new technologies and improve nutrition for more than 12 million children. Power Africa has mobilized $20 billion in private sector commitments and encouraged countries to make critical reforms. And thanks to a groundbreaking investment in child and maternal survival, we are on track to save the lives of up to 15 million children and nearly 600,000 women by the year 2020.    These efforts are at the very core of the new way of doing business at USAID. After 5 years of reform, I am confident our Agency is now a more accountable and effective enterprise. Yet, I am equally humbled by the challenges before us and recognize that we have much more work ahead of us. That is why my focus will be on one core discipline, management. I will push our Agency to be more innovative and strategic in our effort to get better every day, because while we may not have all the right answers, we are asking the right questions. Above all, I will ensure that we are good stewards of the precious resources entrusted to us.    Spending over 30 years in the Army and becoming a two-star general, and later as an ambassador to Tanzania, may not be the typical path to a job in development. But even though my journey was different from the development professionals with whom I have the privilege to serve, my conclusion is the same: America's investment in development is money well spent. Saving children from hunger and disease elevates our own moral strength. Empowering entrepreneurs to innovate and create new markets advances our own prosperity. Strengthening civil society not only gives a voice to the oppressed, but also makes our own citizens more secure.    Through our work, we are opening up new paths to opportunity, energizing the global economy, and reducing root causes of insecurity. In doing so, we are advancing the values that unite the American people and the people throughout the world.    As we work to tackle these global challenges, we will value your counsel on how we can become even more accountable and more effective.    Thank you for your kind attention. I look forward to answering your questions.    Mr.  Lenhardt. Thank you, Madam Chair.    We are not involved in that situation. And before we get involved in any program, project, or activity we do a thorough assessment as to the appropriateness of it. In our involvement and our activities, we determine what are the outcomes and are they legitimate outcomes, are they ones that we want to see, and will they advance our committed work? And where the answer may be no, we don't get involved. It is that simple. So this particular case, I can assure you that we are not involved in that.    Mr.  Lenhardt. Thank you, Ranking Member Lowey, for your question. It is one that certainly we have given a great deal of thought in terms of our response. Your question is multifaceted. I will tell you at the top of this, the men and women who responded from our disaster assistance team were very effective in coordinating a response that became one that involved CDC, Department of Defense, State Department, and as many other interagency teams in orchestrating the coordination, the collaboration of all of our efforts aimed at stopping the disease.    At the height of the disease in Liberia there were 100-plus cases per week. I am happy to report now that we are near zero in terms of getting down to a point where we can say that this has been conquered. Guinea and Sierra Leone are being handled by the French and Brits, but we are assisting there as well. We are not walking away from that. We want to ensure that we respond as much as possible across the entire breadth of this epidemic.    With respect to resiliency of institutions in Liberia, we are focused on that based upon the excellent and the great support we got from the Congress in providing for the Ebola emergency supplemental. Thank you very much for that. Those resources will be used, in fact, to bring back and reconstitute some of the institutions. Not all of them, as President Sirleaf, who was in my office about 3 weeks ago, she wanted to rebuild the entire country, and I said that was not possible, but we are certainly looking at how we can, in fact, bring you back up to a level where you then can take it forward and bring about your own increase in institutions. Medical is one, but also the economy, how might the economy be brought back, because there was a significant hit to the economy in Liberia as a result of this incident.    My point in all of that is to say simply, this is a disease that America responded to with great resources, but also a determination to ensure that we bring it down. We feel very satisfied at this point in time that things are working, and we will continue to do that to the point where we finally get this thing under control and we can put it behind us.    With respect to the Global Health Security Agenda, it is about detecting, early detection. It is about responding in an appropriate way as quickly as we can and preventing future incidents of this kind of epidemic.    Mr.  Lenhardt. Thank you, Congressman, for your question.    I have given a great deal of thought to this. But the reality is, in a constrained fiscal environment and competing priorities we can't do everything. We have to be much more selective and focus on those areas where we think we can do the most good. As we, in the case of a particular country, are able to get them up to a level where they then can make it on their own, middle-income status, then we will work ourselves out of a job in that country and move on to other locations where we can, again, do the same kind of goodness.    The reality is, as many opportunities that we want to help children, help mothers, help education, as was mentioned earlier, we can't do everything. And so we have to be a lot more thoughtful about where we can have solid impact. That is what the Presidential policy directive 6 was all about. How do we stop salami slicing across the world where no one gets well and how do we focus then on those countries where we can bring them up and then move on to others where we can bring them up----    Mr.  Lenhardt. Thank you for the question, Congressman.    Our programs are aimed at helping countries develop their own capacity in terms of how they are going to manage many types of conservation. How do they protect their heritage in so many cases? And so it is about training, how do we get training focused down to those rangers and other responding patrols who are looking for poachers within a particular country.    You mentioned Nepal. It is about how do we get the Nepalese to handle their own situation, how do they then communicate to local residents so that local residents become part of the solution. It is about conservation. It is about land conservation where citizens within that country understand their participation and their need to protect the local environment so they keep poachers out. They know, by the way, who the poachers are because many of them are taking money right there on the scene. And so how do you back away from that?    So the money that we have--and again, competing priorities, constrained budgets--it is focused on how much good can we do. In a perfect world, could we have more? The answer is yes. But the reality is, with as many priorities, that would not be wise.    Mr.  Lenhardt. But it is a problem, and it is something that we are addressing in a meaningful way.    Mr.  Lenhardt. Thank you, Congressman, for that question.    My style starts with people. It is all about people and powering down the authority for people to do their job to the lowest levels and then having them respond with that expectation to do their jobs. And when it is not working, then you have to correct for that. You have to fix it in some way, either through training or, for that matter, replacing individuals. But it is about the positive aspect of that and releasing the energy that people have to do the job. You take care of them, ensuring that they have the tools, they have the training, and they have the development aspects of how to do their job better.    But it does not exclude, and it wraps very neatly with leveraging science, technology, innovation, and partnership. So that is a major part of it. And if I can cite some of the work that we are doing in USAID, it is about the Global Development Lab that helps our professionals who are out there doing a job. And by the way, they do superbly.    Madam Chair, I thank you very much for recognizing them for the job that they do. They work in some very tenuous, dangerous conflict areas of the world, and they do it with aplomb. They do it with the knowledge that the activities they undertake bring about a better world, and they do it without hesitation.    So all of that wraps around, I don't think you can separate anything in particular, I have given you a sense of how I come at things based upon my training both in the military, as well as a diplomat running nonprofit organizations, philanthropic organizations, for a very short period of time a business operation as well, to tell you that it is about people. You take care of people, they take care of everything else.    And then you check to make sure that the systems that are in place to guarantee the efficiency, the effectiveness, and getting as much out of the limited resources, that is working for you as well. And when you need to make a midcourse correction, you make that. Or for that matter, if the midcourse correction says that you need to suspend, eliminate a program, then you don't hesitate to do that, having made the right judgments about how you come at it.    Mr.  Lenhardt. Sir, I am sorry?    Mr.  Lenhardt. The number of employees, it is just under 10,000, 9,800-and-some-odd. But, again, we are covering the world.    Mr.  Lenhardt. Yes, sir, we do. We have a team that is focused specifically on that. We call it our Management Bureau. But also within each of the bureaus, our pillar bureaus as well as offices, everyone tracks their expenditures. They have to be able to articulate what it is that they are doing, the efficiency of that, and then how do they then rationalize the work, the continued work on any particular project, initiative, or program.    In addition to that, we have something we call the Administrator's Leadership Council. And basically what it does is determine at any point in time whether or not we are green, amber, or red, and it takes a page from the old military readiness report. Those things that are green, that is the expectation. If it is amber, what do you need to bring it up to the green category? And if it is red, what is the problem? How do we fix that? What are the resources that you might need in order to bring it up?    And so we do this routinely. It is done at least several times a month, sometimes to our chagrin because it keeps seeming to get rolled around faster each time. But we do it in a very organized, a very methodical way of ensuring that we are on the mark and that we have our systems that are checking and evaluating to make sure that we are there. And when it is not, then we back away.    Mr.  Lenhardt. Thank you, Congressman, for your question.    Food for Peace is but one program whereby we reach out to countries around the world and try to handle as many humanitarian assistance--or disasters, in this case--as we can. But it is not the only program. And so, in addition to Food for Peace, we have a program Feed the Future. And Feed the Future, as you mentioned, takes the approach of how do we teach farmers, how do we teach people how to grow their own food, how to become more food secure in their own right. And so Feed the Future currently is working with 7 million farmers around the world and feeding 12.5 million children nutritious foods, preserving their lives.    I will tell you that in the case of Tanzania we had farmers who had increased their yield beyond anything they ever imagined, in some cases twofold, whereby they not only provided for their own families, but also had enough that they sold at market and therefore increasing their own ability to do other things with the money, send their children to school, have a better life.    As lamentable as the situation in Sudan is, we are having success in a number of areas. Where the Sudanese cannot farm, then we are providing that support.    My point in all of that is to say that there is an integration of our humanitarian assistance across the board, across many programs, focused again on how can we bring relief to as many people as possible. And we are doing that. The American people are reaching out to people of the world.    And in many cases that I saw in Africa the response is very positive, very favorable towards Americans, because it is really the connection people to people that merely solidifies what I see as our own security, advances our own security, as well as our own prosperity. Because those countries, once they come up to a standard where they can start acting on their own, they start partnering with us. They are our allies. They become vanguards of democracy wherever they may be in the world.    Mr.  Lenhardt. Thank you, sir.    Mr.  Lenhardt. Thank you, Congressman, for your question.    Cuba is but one example, but we operate in a number of closed societies around the world, bringing democratic ideals to those countries, bringing to those countries support to civil society within those countries, and then, finally, ensuring as much as we can and trying to bring about the access to independent media, information within, and let's say the example used, within Cuba, among people. It is all about how can we inspire as much goodness.    We do also have in Cuba humanitarian assistance to family members of prisoners, political prisoners of one description or another, from the standpoint of health, food aid, in some cases providing learning.    So it is not a question necessarily that we are doing anything nefarious as much as we are doing what we can to advance democracy.    One of the things that I mentioned----    Mr.  Lenhardt. Sir, I cannot answer it specifically as much as to say our brand is well known throughout the world, and so there are many, I am sure--I suspect, I suspect--there are places where people wink at the fact that we are there in closed spaces doing our work.    And by the way, on closed spaces, part of what came out of the Cuban example is that we developed a new framework, an operating framework, so that we know what we are doing, how we are doing it, and ensuring that our implementing partners, who are valuable members of our team as well, understand the working in closed societies and the danger of that, and so that they then protect themselves and they then report up to us as to what is going on so that we have a sense of is it time for us to leave potentially--the potential of that rather--and the fact that we are committed to ensuring transparency, as well as balancing that with security.    And so that is the example that came out of the Cuban situation. And it is one where, as the Deputy Administrator, when I came in Dr. Shah said to me, I want you to get this under control and figure out how we then respond. And so we review it on a periodic basis, at least quarterly, coming back to me to ensure that those countries that are closed to us, we know how people are operating within those countries and ensuring, again, transparency, as well as balancing it with security.    Mr. Ambassador, nice to see you. I am confused by something, and I would like you to clarify it up front. When Mrs. Lowey, our ranking member, greeted you, she said so as a fellow New Yorker. When I said hello to you, you gave me the secret Cornhusker handshake? So what is it, Nebraska or New York?    Mr.  Lenhardt. Thank you, Congressman.    Mr.  Lenhardt. I graduated from the University of Nebraska that I am very proud of.    Mr.  Lenhardt. And I lived in Omaha, Nebraska.    Mr.  Lenhardt. I am also a New Yorker.    Mr.  Lenhardt. Thank you, sir.    Mr.  Lenhardt. Thank you, Congressman, for your question. I will start by saying that your observation----    Mr.  Lenhardt. Yes, ma'am. Thank you. Your observation is right on target with respect to soldiers having to fight. It is a lot more expensive than development. And so that is the choice that we first use, development as opposed to sending soldiers in.    The second part of that is religious groups. In all of our work, in all of our humanitarian assistance, we don't target necessarily groups as much as we look at people in need. And within that group the people in need, both in Syria, as well as Iraq and other places, there are religious minorities. There are people who are receiving the benefit of our food aid, water, and health, as well as other services that we provide. And so that is happening. And so we are not targeting groups as much as we are opening the door for as many people.    In the case of Syria, for instance, I would just say that all of the work we are doing, certainly there is a huge minority there in the Shi'as to begin with, but also Christians within that Syrian community as well.    There are a couple of categories. There are refugees, but there are also internally displaced persons. And in Syria, that is almost 8 million people, and up to 4 million who are outside in Lebanon, Turkey, or for that matter Jordan.    So those things are happening in a way that I feel comfortable in saying that, in a constrained environment, reduced with resources, that we can't prioritize everything that is happening, and we are servicing those various communities.    Mr.  Lenhardt. Thank you, Congresswoman, for your question. To begin with, yes, in fact we are very cognizant of the work that we do and we operate in very dangerous environments, as I spoke of earlier, our implementing partners as well. And so, as I mentioned that framework earlier in terms of the Cuba question in response to Cuba, this framework gives a very specific approach to operating in closed societies or, for that matter, conflict areas, in terms of how do you protect yourself, what should you be considering, and how do we continually assess whether or not the situation may become untenable to the point where we have to curtail our activities.    But the thing that we have learned is that local implementing partners know basically what is going on in the area so they can respond.    Mr.  Lenhardt. Yes.    Mr.  Lenhardt. Ma'am, if I may, we are very transparent in our activities and there's nothing nefarious. There is no cloak and dagger. There is nothing that would suggest that our brand, which is a very recognized, very respected brand around the world, is going to be put in jeopardy to the point where we are doing something that could come back to either embarrass us or to create a major problem.    Mr.  Lenhardt. Ma'am, I can say sitting here that we are not operating in a manner that tracks with the CIA or, for that matter, any other intelligence organization. I say that with great confidence.    Mr.  Lenhardt. Ma'am, we can provide that to you. The answer is, yes, we can provide that to you.    Mr.  Lenhardt. And gladly.    Mr.  Lenhardt. As I understand the question, sir, whether or not we have funds that move from one account to another, sir, we have within global health objectives to reduce child and maternal deaths, as I mentioned, but also an AIDS-free generation and approaching and preventing infectious diseases. And so if you are asking the question, is it possible as we see the drawdown in one disease to move it to another disease, is that----    Mr.  Lenhardt. But, again, within the global health account, sir, we do have some flexibility to do that based upon the need. But, again, it is sometimes about competing priorities. And that is the biggest driver, more so than anything else, competing priorities. Would it be possible for us to be everywhere in the world? We can't do that. We don't have the resources.    Mr.  Lenhardt. Which projects, sir?    Mr.  Lenhardt. Okay.    Mr.  Lenhardt. Okay.    Sir, we use a number of methods to evaluate our programs. We use a tiered system in some cases based upon independent evaluations, but also those who are on the ground, our implementing partners. We also have our USAID personnel who are on the scene evaluating programs as well.    And so it is a tiered approach. It is multifaceted. It comes across as looking for the golden thread that weaves itself throughout to ensure that we are getting maximum benefit from our programs. And where it doesn't work, and I will give you a couple examples, if I may. In the last couple of years we have conducted about 243 evaluations of one description or another. Fifty percent of those caused us to rethink, reprogram our direction with respect to a particular activity. And in a couple of cases, we suspended the program, we stopped the program. In the case of Malawi we stopped a program based upon it was no longer effective.    So there is that evaluation that guides some decisions. Again, how do we conserve, how do we ensure those limited resources, constrained priorities, limited resources and constrained budgets are being effective and how they are being used? And so we continue to make those assessments.    I am trying to get a handle on the question as much as anything. But I assure you we have those processes underway and we evaluate. We have a team that also looks at it from the standpoint of whether it make sense on what we are doing, and how then do we ensure that the outcomes that we expect are being realized. And where they are not, then we make adjustments.    Mr.  Lenhardt. Thank you. Thank you, Congresswoman. To begin with, our fiscal year 2016 request for nutrition, recognizing the absolute importance of nutrition for children, both from the standpoint of physical wellbeing as well as their mental development, we have a number of other integrated programs for nutrition. Feed the Future is but one, but also specifically within the global health account and global health programs, nutrition has been identified separately. But across all of those accounts, we are well positioned to provide for nutritional value to children as well as to mothers.    As I mentioned in my opening statement, we are talking about recognizing and providing for 15 million children. With mothers, it is 600,000 by----    Mr.  Lenhardt. It is a combination of efficiencies, but it is also recognizing that many of these efforts, again, in a constrained environment, and we are not saying that we are leaving children behind or not caring for them as much. We can't do everything. And so, in a budget-constrained environment and competing priorities, this is where we are. But we feel that what we are providing is workable, and it is solving a problem that we both know is something that needs to be addressed.    Mr.  Lenhardt. If you are asking, should we be putting more money to it----    Mr.  Lenhardt. Yes.    Mr.  Lenhardt. Yes, ma'am.    Mr.  Lenhardt. Yes.    Mr.  Lenhardt. Thank you, ma'am. I understand. But, again, we have nutrition integrated in other programs as well that is not part of that one identified area within global health. So that is happening. I will continue to look at that and make sure that we are being responsive as much as possible, but I am seeing the evidence of that. I saw it as the Ambassador to Tanzania, where the difference between a child who has been provided nutritional-valued foods and one who is not, is significant.    The second part of that had to do with Ebola. Did I not answer----    Mr.  Lenhardt. Yes.    Mr.  Lenhardt. And, sir, I cannot answer the specific question. It is something that--in terms of a dollar amount--but, again, it is about human rights. It is about independent media, and it is providing for, in the case of Venezuela, transparent electoral processes. But, with respect to a dollar amount, I cannot answer that from the administration's point of view.    But, again, we operate in those places because there is a need, because that is who we are as Americans in outreach to countries and the world, trying to, as much as possible, encourage democratic institutions.    Mr.  Lenhardt. Thank you, sir.