    Mr. Clark. Good morning, Chairman Bishop, Ranking Member Grijalva, and members of the committee. Thank you for the opportunity to appear before you today to discuss this revised draft guidance for the Federal departments and agencies on the consideration of greenhouse gas emissions and the effects of climate change and NEPA reviews.    I began my career at an Army installation over 35 years ago, helping develop the first environmental program at that installation. I wrote and reviewed NEPA analyses as a part of that and, before I left, I was responsible for the power production and energy program at the facility, as well as the management of the natural resources and environmental program.    During that period, the Army constructed a chemical decontamination training facility, the only one in the world, and I headed up a team that prepared the NEPA analysis and was responsible for getting that facility permitted. In 1985, I moved to the Assistant Chief Engineer's office at the Pentagon, and then to the Secretary of the Army's office. I wrote the Army's first NEPA regulation during this period, and was part of a senior-level team that prepared the EISs to destroy chemical weapons, and to advance the Army's biological defense research program, and all the analysis for base closure and realignment, and many other controversial and necessary programs for national defense.    In 1992, during the President George H.W. Bush administration, I was asked to come to the Council on Environmental Quality, and was asked to stay after President Clinton took office. Part of my job at CEQ was to develop NEPA guidance on topics such as cumulative effects analysis. But most of my career has been related to environmental policy around matters such as Army infrastructure, environmental programs, and policy development.    In 1999, President Clinton appointed me as the Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary for Installations and Environment at the Army. And, at the end of the Clinton administration, I was asked by Secretary Rumsfeld to stay over and help with the transition of his facilities team.    The firm I developed in 2001 worked on a number of Federal agencies' NEPA analyses, and I have worked ever since, trying to improve the management of NEPA analysis.    I think people will tell you that I am not a fan of voluminous documents, nor am I a fan of unnecessary delay. I developed a program at Duke University in the Duke Environmental Leadership Program to teach young and emerging leaders how to develop programs that were based on better decisions, not better documents. I led that program for over 20 years.    I come to address this committee on whether or not I think CEQ guidance incorporating climate change is appropriate, and whether or not such analysis can be done in a practical and timely manner. Finally, to provide my honest assessment of what I would advise a client who will face this guidance. And I have at least one client who probably will.    I do support CEQ providing the agencies with guidance on how to incorporate climate change in the NEPA analysis. It was this House Merchant Marine and Fisheries Committee, more than 45 years ago, that reported out a bill to require that we use new and emerging science about the environment to advise decisionmakers within government about courses of action. It was this committee that responded to the anomalies like rivers catching fire, oil spills along our coast, garbage piles in our cities, and ``No Swimming'' signs along many of our coasts. It was this committee that shepherded NEPA through the legislative process, and got it passed by a margin that was supported by both parties.    One of the major contributions to the statute was the Chairman of the House Merchant Marine and Fisheries Committee's insistence that there be established a Council on Environmental Quality in the Executive Office of the President.    Climate change falls squarely in the consideration in a NEPA analysis. Scientists and the Supreme Court have said that greenhouse gases are precisely the kind of issues that NEPA and CEQ regulations intended for agencies to assess.    While many may say that few agencies are going to emit anything significant, the truth is that it may be individually minor, but it is the collective number of small actions, whether positive or negative, that may lead to a cumulative significant impact.    It is important that agencies should understand the impacts that climate change will have on Federal facilities, and think about how to design and site facilities. Most agencies are already doing this, based on their own understanding of resilience and adaptation.    I support CEQ's efforts, because I think it is about better government. Government is supposed to answer to its citizens and be transparent. NEPA has helped communities get answers from the Federal agencies operating in their communities. In many ways, that is NEPA's major success.    I support CEQ's efforts because I think it will lead to better investments. The government is, after all, using other people's money. The money we spent to build facilities in the Army went through a long and arduous process to get approval. And, while I was there, many of these proposals were disapproved, frankly, because some of them were just dumb ideas.    I will just conclude, Mr. Chairman, that I support CEQ's efforts because I think it will lead to better decisions, not better documents. The purpose of NEPA is to make sure that, in any proposal that is undertaken by agencies, they balance all the costs, from the mission to the social and the environmental costs. And many agencies, including my own Army, is already moving out on this, whether we do anything about this, or not. If not guidance----    The Chairman. Sir, you have to conclude in one sentence, please.    Mr. Clark. Pardon?    The Chairman. You are way over. Conclude in one sentence, please.    Mr. Clark. Oh, OK. I am sorry. I would just say that I will be happy to answer questions.    Mr. Clark. Thank you for that question, Congresswoman. I am proud to say that I think that the U.S. Army, in particular, the Department of Defense in general, has sort of led the way on some of the science regarding climate change, and they have done these threat assessments, as you note.    The QDR, the Quadrennial Defense Review--it is very difficult to get your issue in front of the QDR, and they took up this issue. It might not be a big surprise, if you think about it, that if there is climate change, when there is climate change, the things that are predicted, like droughts, will create conflict around the world. And when there is conflict, it is often our U.S. Army who is the first to have to show up at that.    So, the Army has taken this very seriously. I just recall reading that General Bostick, who is the Chief of Engineers, is now doing a study on the vulnerability of Army installations. And I will just say the Department of Defense is moving very quickly. Whether the CEQ or anybody else issues guidance, the Department of Defense is going to act on climate change.    Mr. Clark. Yes, again, I think the U.S. Army is often looked to, and the Department of Defense is often looked to, as a leader within the Federal agencies. And I hope that they can create some very efficient framework for the other agencies to act. So, I suspect that other agencies will look to the Department of Defense in that regard.    Mr. Clark. This is certainly a complex issue.    The Chairman. Is your microphone on?    Mr. Clark. I'm sorry. I said that this is a complex issue, and my substantive criticism of this is that it does introduce new lexicon, new ideas that are not contained within NEPA itself, nor is it contained within the CEQ regulations. And I fear that some reading of the guidance could lead one to believe that the guidance is expanding the law. I don't think that was the intent, but I do think that the upstream-downstream lexicon creates a whole new complexity that is unnecessary.    Mr. Clark. Well, let me start out by saying I am not an expert on the social cost of carbon. My career, though, as I have been doing NEPA and doing NEPA analysis, is to try to do a full cost accounting of the impacts. And what I mean by a full cost accounting is that if you are a beneficiary of the impacts that are being cast on someone else, that you ought to be able to capture the cost. I don't know that that is the social cost of carbon, I don't know that that is the mechanism. But somehow, to account for your impacts, I think, is a smart move. I don't know that social cost of carbon is it.    Mr. Clark. Well, the Army is doing a number of those studies now, and one of the things that they are concerned about is operations and training, about whether or not climate change can impact that.    So, yes, they are taking that into account. And I would also refer you to the study that the Army did, I think, in 2012, about the vulnerability of the Army.    Mr. Clark. Well, I would like to answer that by giving some experience when I was at CEQ. When I first came to CEQ, I came from the Secretary of the Army's office, and I was asked to put together a cumulative effects guidance. And that had much of the same discussion that we are having now, that this was going to create new law, it was going to create more stoppages of projects, and all that sort of stuff. But what was really going on was that the agencies were getting sued, and the agencies were begging CEQ for guidance. It was not an easy thing to do, but we did put together a framework. And I think that is the major contribution of this, to put together a framework that agencies can work with.    Mr. Clark. Yes, ma'am.    Mr. Clark. I believe it would be very helpful.    Mr. Clark. Thank you, yes. It was this committee who actually, in much of the hearings about NEPA, was urging to take account of new and emerging science. It was recognized that we did not know a lot of things about ecosystems. We didn't know a lot of things about the environment, scientifically, that we have learned over 40 years. NEPA itself has been so flexible to allow the agencies to take into account new and emerging science. I think that that is where we are now, and I think that we will learn a lot more about climate as we go along. I am hoping that the NEPA reviews will actually help that.    But let me just say that 95 percent of all environmental reviews are categorically excluded. In a $4 trillion Federal budget, 95 percent are categorically excluded. About 4 percent are environmental assessments, which leads to, usually, findings of no significant impact. And less than 1 percent turn out to be EISs and a $4 trillion budget.    Mr. Clark. Well, I represent some developers. I have represented developers ever since I left the Administration. NEPA is about informed decisions, and it is a structure and a framework to consider what you are about to do. All of the discussions about whether or not we ought to consider this or not, there are many things that we consider within a NEPA context.    I would advise my clients to start with--see if this is categorically excluded, because, as I said, 95 percent of everything is categorically excluded right now.    Number two, then, I would say that we would integrate low emissions into everything that we buy, and everything we build. I would make sure that we prepared the Environmental Impact Analysis at a more programmatic level, because that is a more efficient way to go about doing the analysis in this project-by-project approach.    And then, I would advise them to scope it so that the discussions are proportional to the impacts we are talking about in a programmatic way.    Then I would say, ``Don't go out and gather new data. There is so much data out there right now that you can borrow, steal, and buy, data that is out there that has been tested.'' So--to make this a more efficient way to go about doing it.    Finally, I would say, ``Don't speculate about anything.''    Mr. Clark. Well, I think the CEQ's guidance really does help the agencies in a lot of ways, because rather than expanding NEPA, or rather than expanding the CEQ reach, they are actually trying to put some boundaries around how the agencies go about doing it. And I think that, in the end, it will lead to a much more efficient way to go about doing it. That is one of the reasons I support the CEQ guidance.    Mr. Clark. I am sorry. The question was?    Mr. Clark. I would say that I would, first of all, see if there is data out there, and there is much data that is existent. It is existent in NASA, it is existent in universities across the country. It is existent in many agencies who have already generated it.    Mr. Clark. Mr. Clark. Congressman Costa, I would say that--and I have talked about this for a very long time--I think the management of the NEPA process really needs the scrutiny of this committee. It is not the National Environmental Policy Act that needs the scrutiny. It is, in my view--it is constitutional in nature, and it is fine.    The management of the NEPA process, though, could use a lot of oversight. And----    Mr. Clark. That is where the focus really needs to be. You have one person at CEQ right now who is trying to do oversight for all of the Federal agencies and a $4 trillion budget. So, I would urge you to take a look at the way the process is managed.    Mr. Clark. I agree.    The Chairman. Mr. Martella, the social cost of carbon, is that easily definable?    Mr. Clark. There is litigation, there will be litigation now, absent this guidance. This guidance will help reduce that.    The Chairman. All right. I think, for my--he left? OK. For my final question, then--do you have any more questions, Mr. Grijalva?