    Mr. Dickman. Thank you, Chairman Meadows, Ranking Member Connolly and members of the committee, thank you for allowing me the opportunity to speak to you here today. As an inspector general of the Railroad Retirement Board, the basic function of an inspector general is to promote economy and efficiency; prevent and detect waste, fraud, and abuse of the parent agency.    Pursuant to our 7-day letter and our continuing examination of the Railroad Retirement Board's occupational disability program starting in 2007, it has been an ongoing educational process to us as far as the programs involved by the Railroad Retirement Board. And I go into much greater detail about the problems and some of the solutions that we have presented, many different types of solutions, all the way from eliminating the Railroad Retirement Board's occupational disability program to limiting it to a 2-year program. And I would be happy to explain that later in the conference.    Drilling down to the core issue, the core issue--and these are my views alone. They are not representative of the administration or anybody else's. Unless there is a change in the culture of the Railroad Retirement Board, this culture of we're here to pay, without looking at anything else, without even--and they acknowledge it--without even using and acceding to the regulations that are in place, as far as finding out the job description, as far as doing more of an in-depth analysis of the individual's application process, and then we have also obviously made recommendations that require change in regulations or even some change by the legislature, by the Congress. But, basically, it goes to this feeling that, again, we're here to pay. And unless that culture is changed, all of the money that's going to be spent, the $3.3 million that's proposed in the Fiscal Year 2016 budget for program integrity, in my opinion, would be a total waste of money.    And, to us, the proof is in the 98 percent approval rate that continues. Other people may say 98 percent, you know, they've got--if you looked at the surface of what they have done and look at the various programs, you'd say the inspector general has to be, you know, he's an idiot because look at what we're doing here. We have these doctors that look at these people; we'll review this; we'll review that. It's all superficial. The doctors look at somebody for 20 minutes. The American Medical Association will say to do an in-depth examination, a residual functional capacity exam takes 6 to 8 hours to find out whether the person is lying or not.    The other portion that really has to change is the structure of the Board. I realize and everyone else realizes it's a function of collective bargaining between labor and the management. Those are the realities of the situation. The big-ticket items are decided by them. And, in my opinion, you know, forget about what the Chairman wants; forget about what Congress wants; it's what they want to do. Because they are a very powerful force and because, you know, the basic function of the railway and how it is intertwined in our economy, that if occupational disability is somewhat changed, there would be a nationwide rail strike. And everybody knows that.    But to give the Railroad Retirement Board an opportunity, a real opportunity for change, in my opinion, the Board structure has to be changed from this troika, where you have a rail member, management member, and a Chairman. And the Chairman is only Chairman in name only. He has no more power than anybody else. So the big ticket items are decided by rail and labor. And the Chairman just sits there, tries his best, in my opinion, is the most aggressive pushing for change. But the end result is, as I have said, we still have this 98 approval rate.    So, unless something like that is done, then I don't think that all this money that's going to be spent is really going to make any difference down the road. We could come back here 2 years from now and we'll still have a 98 percent approval rate.    I thank you for the opportunity to speak this morning. And, again, I would like to thank my staff for doing all the heavy lifting in this program and also, as far as concerning the Long Island Rail Road case, the U.S. attorney, who took on a very difficult case, and the FBI, which also helped tremendously in this matter. Thank you.    Mr. Dickman. I agree with that too.    Mr. Dickman. Initially, when the Board was going to send out at our request termination letters for those individuals that saw Dr. Ajemian and Dr. Lesniewski, we told them not to request, that they would be looking at trying to recover any of that money because the U.S. Attorney's Office, since, as a former prosecutor, the criminal matter always trumps any civil action. And they wanted time to make a determination as to what, if anything, they were going to do with the 700 people or up to 1,500 people that were involved in this. There was one other doctor, a third doctor, who is deceased, who was, obviously, never tried in this matter.    So we sent a notice saying hold off on doing anything like that. We received a letter from the general counsel saying: At the present time, we will not do anything as far as seeking recovery of the prior benefits. Then, unbeknownst to us, later they sent out--when they sent out a notice to all these individuals, they State that we will not recover or seek to recover any more benefits, which took us by shock and we were shocked. And so was the U.S. Attorney's Office shocked because now the Board is, obviously, not going to recover, seek any recovery. And the U.S. Attorney's Office, which was considering civil actions, is now prevented from seeking any restitution from these individuals.    So it's really, it's kind of mind-boggling to send out a termination notice saying the Board States to these people: You are involved in fraud, but now we're going to let you reapply, and we're not going to go after any of these prior benefits, these millions and millions of dollars that we've given you, and let you reapply. And when the people did reapply, they approved 94 percent of them.    Mr. Dickman. We were waiting, right. We initially said hold off. And then----    Mr. Dickman. Correct. Based on the U.S. Attorney's Office giving us direction on which way they were going.    Mr. Dickman. No.    Mr. Dickman. Because we said: Hold off because we're waiting for direction from the U.S. attorney in how they're going to proceed. And these individuals all went to Dr. Ajemian or Dr. Lesniewski. And then the Board sends out a termination letter, based upon our request, stating the termination that is in case you people have committed fraud against the Railroad Retirement Board. And then, subsequently, down the road, they issue a Board order, which States to these individuals that you can reapply, which we know they had the opportunity the to reapply, and States that we will not be seeking any recovery from you.    Mr. Dickman. I don't know if you'd call it a coverup. But it was maybe disingenuous. But we were taken aback by it.    Mr. Dickman. I sure do.    Mr. Dickman. Well, I take full responsibility for that audit. It was a very superficial audit. It was not one of our best efforts by any means. And it just, it looked--it didn't go behind the whole process. It said, in effect, it was: Are all the boxes checked? Is it done within an efficient manner?    And the auditors who did that were not aware of the Long Island case; it was just being developed then as a criminal matter that they wouldn't know about it. So, yes, we did say superficially, based upon what we've seen, what they saw, it was correct. But some of the recommendations, two of the recommendations we made was, one of them was that there be, there can't, that the individual who is reviewing the case cannot also make the determination, that there should be some secondary oversight. And they agreed to that. And that was in 2007. Yet, it's still is going on.    Mr. Dickman. Yes.    Mr. Dickman. Yes.    Mr. Dickman. When you get to, a statistician will tell you when you get to 98 percent, that's 100 percent. So something has to be wrong with the system. And it's either, you know, if railway labor and management want to continue this, then why not turn it into a entitlement? That's basically what it is because there is no real screening going on. If you have 100 percent of the people applying receiving the benefit, the screening seems--is just--meaningful--it's very superficial.    Mr. Dickman. Ninety-eight percent.    Mr. Dickman. Yes.    Mr. Dickman. That's national average, or is that the re-adjudication?    Mr. Dickman. I believe that is----    Mr. Dickman. Right.    Mr. Dickman. Correct, yes.    Mr. Dickman. Well, I think it is the case, and more----    Mr. Dickman. Well, we are finding it's still the case. Not to maybe the same extent because of the particular----    Mr. Dickman. Different because, in the Long Island case, they had a private pension plan that a person could retire.    Mr. Dickman. It is abuse because one of the problems is, the way they define you can't do your regular railway occupation, is that, for some reason, they use--you can't do one aspect of your job. And we found that that is not defined anywhere in any of the rules or regulations. So there is----    Mr. Dickman. I think, as far as what the definition of occupational disability, that can be done administratively; that the person cannot do their regular railroad occupation, not one aspect of it. I mean, you could--your job might entail doing 15 different things. If they say--and the claims examiners are told that the person can't do 1 thing, 1 out of that 15, that means that they are occupationally disabled.    Mr. Dickman. Down the road?    Mr. Dickman. Well, it all--it depends on each----    Mr. Dickman. Right.    Mr. Dickman. Sure.    Mr. Dickman. I think four. No, I think less than four. I think it might be two.    Mr. Dickman. Well, again, in our view, there really isn't as long as you have this culture of we are here to play, and the feeling is in the industry is that it's our money.    Mr. Dickman. At the present time?    Mr. Dickman. No.    Mr. Dickman. Some are, yes.    Mr. Dickman. I don't know what--we sent so many requests and so many alerts.    Mr. Dickman. I believe it is a systemic problem. Obviously, the Long Island Rail Road case was very unique because of the private pension that they had there after they have changed it. It was 20 and 50. You could retire at age 50 with a full pension, full private pension. It is now 20 and 55. But, after that, I mean, we have cases throughout the whole United States involving, obviously, not to the great degree because there were obviously three doctors that were involved with the majority of those cases. But going back to what I said previously, that is systemic because of the way the Board looks at what an occupation--the definition of an occupational disability is; that it can be one aspect of the job and not the--not doing the job, all the duties of the job. They hang their hat on just one aspect, and I still believe that the culture is that we are here to pay. And that culture has to change.    And, in defense of the Chairman, even though he is the Chairman, it is Chairman in name only. As I said before, the big ticket items and the things that are really done in the Board are--the big items--are done between labor and management and as a function, as I have said, of collective bargaining between those two units throughout for the whole United States. That's fine. If that's what it is, that's what it is. But, you know, my job is to prevent and detect fraud, waste, and abuse.    As I have said before, this system, this occupational disability program, has become an entitlement. Why not eliminate the facade of what an occupational disability is, make it an early retirement, as has been Stated, instead of going to this, you know, long, prolonged process of an individual being supposedly occupationally disabled. And the nature of business of work in the railroad industry, obviously, has changed dramatically from 1946 to the present. Previously, it was very labor intensive. It is not labor intensive anymore.    Now, an individual who works on the railroad for--works for 30 years can retire at age 60 with full benefits. Nobody else in the whole United States has that opportunity to retire at age 60 with full Social Security benefits. So that they do have unique, there are unique functions of it. That's fine. But I think that this particular portion of it has morphed into something that was not intended by Congress at the time that it was enacted in 1946.    Mr. Dickman. Yes.    Mr. Dickman. Well, again, I think the proof is in, you know, the way the plan is administered. And I think, as I have Stated before, if you are going to implement change, real change there, a troika is not the way to do it, and that you need to give the power to the Chairman or the individual that has the power of a Chairman, not just in name only, so that he can unilaterally make these decisions.    People are pulled three different ways at the Railroad Retirement Board as far as what are they supposed to be doing? How are they supposed to be administering not only the occupational disability but other plans that are done by the Railroad Retirement Board? And I see no reason why there shouldn't be a Chairman and have the advisory committee of an individual from railway labor and railway management. I mean, if they--you know, and as I Stated previously over and over again, the big ticket items are done by railway labor and management behind the scenes. And if that is the way it is then, you know, either eliminate the whole program or privatize the Railroad Retirement Board. And I know that is blasphemy for me as a, you know, inspector general to eliminate my own job. But it's--you have a trust which is a private entity now, which is an anomaly in all of Federal Government because it is not an instrumentality of the Federal Government, yet it is--the money is considered part of the Federal Government. But until there is some really substantial change where you allow the Chairman to take full responsibility for his actions, I don't think you are going to get any meaningful change, or unless Congress puts labor and management's feet to the fire and say: Enough is enough; we have got to make some substantial change here.    Mr. Dickman. Well, privatize was something totally different, but our recommendation as far as having just a Chairman and having a railway labor member, railway management member, just be part of an advisory committee to the Chairman.    Mr. Dickman. The Chairman would be as it is right now. They are all Presidential appointees.    Mr. Dickman. They can qualify for benefits. Yes.    Mr. Dickman. Yes, they can't perform one aspect of their job.    Mr. Dickman. Yes.    Mr. Dickman. The one-aspect definition of occupational disability, that the individual can't do one aspect of their job. We haven't been able to find it anywhere in the rules and regulations.