    Mr. Baran. Thanks, Mr. Chairman. Chairman Simpson, Ranking Member Kaptur, and members of the subcommittee, thanks for the opportunity to appear today. It is a pleasure to be here with my colleagues to discuss NRC's fiscal year 2017 budget request and the work of the Commission.    You have already heard a lot about Project Aim, and no doubt, you will hear quite a bit more before the end of the hearing. I want to briefly share just a few thoughts about this important initiative.    I have been very impressed by the willingness of the NRC staff to take a hard questioning look at what work the agency is doing and how we are doing that work. The staff has identified numerous ways to achieve the substantial savings that are reflected in the fiscal year 2017 budget request.    As my colleagues have noted, the Commission is currently reviewing a long list of additional potential efficiencies.    This effort is about more efficiently focusing on the right safety priorities, not about relaxing regulatory oversight of licensee performance and safety. That means identifying further savings while remaining focused on our core mission of protecting public health and safety.    As Chairman Burns noted, there has also been congressional interest in ensuring that non-routine NRC rulemakings are approved by the Commission early in the process before significant resources are expended. I agree with that objective.    The Commission looked at this issue and decided that the staff should send a brief streamlined rulemaking plan to the Commission to get approval for each non-delegated rulemaking. We just need to make sure that rulemaking plans stay lean and do not themselves require significant staff resources to prepare so we can achieve our shared goal of increased accountability and efficiency.    There are, of course, a number of other important efforts underway at NRC, from implementation of post-Fukushima safety enhancements, to a decommissioning reactor rulemaking, to preparations for the first small modular reactor design application expected later this year.    We are happy to discuss these and any other issues of interest. Thank you, and I look forward to your questions.    Mr. Baran. I agree as well.    Mr. Baran. I would just add, so the staff identified 151 specific items that would generate potential savings and a number of those, I think it is 29, were incorporated to the FY2017 budget request. The rest of them were not and so before the Commission right now is the 151 for our review, and to your prior question about are there anything in this budget that we feel would adversely impact safety? I think that is a key part of our review of these 151 items. I want to take a close look at those and make sure we are not doing anything that is going to relax regulatory oversight of licensee performance and safety.    That, for me, is going to be a top priority in looking at those 151. I think a lot of them are going to make a lot of sense. There are a few of them that could involve reduced inspection hours, for example. I would give those a hard look.