    Mr. Conyers. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    First, I too join in in greeting five witnesses today.    In recent years, I have reviewed the discussion concerning the intended meaning of the Wire Act and have tried to determine the best course for public safety. As a result of legal analysis, I have the following observations which lead me to oppose legislation to amend the Wire Act to prohibit non-state gaming.    Three points. I agree with the position of the Department of Justice based on a 2011 analysis that the Wire Act's prohibitions are limited to sports betting and not to other forms of betting facilitated by wire communications, now including the Internet.    Secondly, while unlawful gaming has long been associated with harms relating to criminal enterprises, banning online gaming is not the answer. That is why the Fraternal Order of Police wrote to myself and Chairman Goodlatte in May of last year in which they said we cannot ban our way out of this problem as this would simply drive online gaming further underground and put more people at risk. Not only does the black market for Internet gaming include no consumer protections, it also operates entirely offshore with unlicensed operators, drastically increasing the threat of identity theft, fraud, and other criminal acts.    And finally, considering the greater risk of harm from offshore gambling, the better option is to allow states, if they choose, to permit online gaming as they see fit, subject to regulation and monitoring, of course.    So that is why the Department of Justice's interpretation of the Wire Act and three states--New Jersey, Nevada, and Delaware--have already permitted online poker or some forms of online casino-style gaming in compliance with the law. Other states, including my own, Michigan, now allow online sales of lottery tickets. States should be allowed to decide this question for themselves, and we should not take any action that would overturn such state laws. But I anxiously await our discussions back and forth today.    I thank the Chairman and yield back the balance of my time.