    Mrs. Lawrence. Thank you, Mr. Chair.    Thank you, Mr. Sopko, for being here today. Ensuring that the daily attendance of Afghan police and military personnel is collected and recorded in an accurate manner is essential. I do want to say about your Statement that an H.R. system is put into place, my career prior to coming here to Congress involved almost 30 years in HR. So I find it unacceptable and hard to understand how we are paying people without having an H.R. system that validates who we are paying.    But with that being said, we know we can't have an effective personnel and payroll system if we don't know who showed up for work, simple roll call, and how often they were there. You agree, you made that Statement. So let's look at the ANA signature reporting for a moment.    In the report being released today, SIGAR found that the only control in place at the unit level to ensure accurate reporting on a day-to-day basis was a sign-in roster. Do I have that correct?    Mrs. Lawrence. But this roster was not used by everyone. As I understand it, officers used it, but enlisted personnel did not.    Mrs. Lawrence. OK. I also understand that SIGAR found that the ANA-issued identification numbers are not consistently used to track attendance. Is that correct?    Mrs. Lawrence. But is it a fact that all of the personnel are actually issued an identification number?    Mrs. Lawrence. OK. So I know that SIGAR visited two military units and reviewed their roster books. I understand what you found regarding the lack of oversight and weakness in data collection was concerning, and you have kind of outlined it. These weaknesses in attendance data collection process could result in personnel being paid our Federal tax dollars, being paid for days, for work that didn't happen either without knowledge of a supervisory personnel.    Make me understand and State again how can we pay someone and the supervisory personnel is not connected with that payment. Can you explain that to me?    Mrs. Lawrence. Yes.    Mrs. Lawrence. Now, I have only a few minutes, so can you please tell me how the recommendations that are being made with the subcommittee would improve things? Can you tell me your sense of expectation?    Mrs. Lawrence. I want to tell you thank you so much for your testimony, and you have my commitment that I will join with the members of this subcommittee to keep an eye on it. Thank you.    I yield back my time, Mr. Chairman.