    Mr. Stivers. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Secretary, thank you for being here.    Just taking off on the gentleman from Missouri, would you be surprised to know that Fair Isaac actually calls a 550 to a 620 credit score subprime?    Mr. Stivers. And did you know that they call a 620 to a 680 score acceptable? And the first time they actually define it as good credit is 680 to 740. So I just wanted to clarify some of the previous remarks.    I know some of the other questioners asked you about the $1.7 billion bailout, and your response, essentially, was that you didn't really use that money. But it is in your account; Treasury designated that to your account.    So when it goes to your account--just like if I gave you $1,000 from my account to yours, can Treasury or the rest of the Federal Government use that $1.7 billion while it is in your account?    Mr. Stivers. So they can't use it, right?    Mr. Stivers. So it is your money now. Whether you use it or not, it is in your account, right?    Mr. Stivers. Great.    My next question goes back to something everybody is kind of asking about, the 2 percent capital-reserve requirement. Do you see that as a requirement or a suggestion?    I understand you were not there then, and it has actually improved during your tenure. But do you consider that a requirement under the law or a suggestion?    Mr. Stivers. Great.    Mr. Stivers. And how long do you think it will take you to get there?    Mr. Stivers. So I did some back-of-the-napkin math, and maybe it is not right, but you said you have a 0.7 delinquency rate on your $1 trillion portfolio. That is a $7-billion-a-year loss for those delinquencies. You were bringing in about $8 billion in cash flow before you lowered your rates. When you subtract those out, that means you are probably putting about $1 billion towards your reserves.    You had, I will be generous and say $5 billion, because it was $4.8 billion. You need to get to $12 billion. So, by my math, it takes 7 years.    What do you think is going to change in your cash flow that maybe I am not accounting for here?    Mr. Stivers. I hope you are right. I have seen rosier projections from FHA every year than that reality. I have only been here for 4 years on the committee, but it has been my experience that every year FHA comes in and tells me how great it is going to be, and then it doesn't turn out that great. But I hope you are right, Mr. Secretary.    I just have, I guess, two more questions.    The first is on risk-sharing. You have had the authority to do risk-sharing since way before you became Secretary, and FHA has never used it. The value of risk-sharing would be we could see whether FHA is underpricing or overpricing based on the risk you have.    And I am curious if you plan to work with the private sector to do some type of risk-sharing so we can see what the cost of the risk you are insuring actually would be in the private marketplace?    Mr. Stivers. I will follow up personally on that. I really appreciate it. I have been asking for more risk-adjusted pricing at FHA for the entire 4 years I have been here. Because I think, frankly, some homeowners are overpaying at FHA and some are underpaying. And if you did underwriting where you charged people based on the risk they bring to the Fund, you could appropriately price it for everybody.    I only have 14 seconds left, but last week there was a report from your Inspector General. I don't know if you have had a chance to read it, but I want to read a quick quote out of it.    It says, ``Because HUD failed to implement adequate policies to monitor the agency's compliance with lobbying requirements, HUD lacked assurance that other agencies did not spend Federal funds on lobbying activities.'' I will just do ``dot, dot, dot'' there.    Are you working on that?    Mr. Stivers. That is great, because we don't want people to get--    Mr. Stivers. --more Federal dollars.    Thank you, Mr. Secretary.    I yield back.