    Mr. Olson. I thank the chair and welcome to our FCC commissioners. Happy Birthday, Commissioner Clyburn.    Mr. Olson. Commissioner Rosenworcel, did you have a chance to go by the County Line Barbeque at South by Southwest out there on 2222?    Mr. Olson. You have to come back.    And Commissioner Pai, you brought up the NCAA March Madness. And our chairman did as well. I am a proud Texan, guys. I have to tell you, the Aggies from College Station, Texas A&M University had the greatest comeback ever in college basketball. Down 12 with 39 seconds left, double overtime, we are moving on. So, we will play Kansas maybe in Houston for the final four.    My first question is about privacy for you Commissioner Pai and Commissioner O'Rielly. The purpose of the NPRM is to get input from the stakeholders before drafting and passing a rule--input before. There are no conclusions. But the Texans I work for back home say this privacy initiative of this proposed rule is full of conclusions. They say that is putting the cart before the horse.    So my question is, are there tentative conclusions in this NPRM for privacy?    Mr. Olson. Mr. O'Rielly, are there conclusions?    Mr. Olson. There are conclusions. Is there a record to base these conclusions upon, something like an NOI, a Notice of Intent that was passed this year? Is there some NOI out there to base these conclusions upon?    Mr. Olson. And what they are based upon, any clue? I can tell the people back home yes, they are there, they got there why?    Mr. Olson. The people back home say that does not add up. Well, I won't say what they will say back home. But one final question.    Has the Commission caught itself in a corner where to undo these rules, these new mandates, is that going to be really hard to do when this rule comes out? Can we stop this or is it pretty much the train has left the station?    Mr. Olson. Mr. O'Rielly, any comments on that, sir?    Mr. Olson. The people back home are so tired of having to go to courts to get the rules enforced the way they are written. They just say they are sick and tired of going to courts.    I want to switch gears and talk about the upcoming spectrum option in rural Texas. It is 1 week away. Now, I am talking about this issue a lot back home with the Texas Association of Broadcasters, the TAB, and they are worried about losing parts of their spectrum, the spectrum not being compensated. The towers might have to be moved and that cost a lot of money. And the FCC has not given any assurance that they will be fully reimbursed, especially in rural areas.    The example they gave me was Amarillo, Texas, a decent size town, about 2,000 people in the panhandle. They have nine TV stations there, four Spanish language stations, four. They came here to D.C., met with the FCC and their concerns were basically dismissed. They said don't worry; it will be taken care of; all will be fine. And if it is not fine, we have got your back. That was not reassuring.    Does the FCC have enough funds to cover rural TV stations if they have to build a new tower or lose their spectrum? Is there money out there to do that or is that just a wish and a prayer?    Mr. Olson. Thank you. Mr. Pai, anything to add about that, sir?    Mr. Olson. Thank you. I am out of time. On behalf of the Aggies, whoop.