    Ms. SHEA. Chairman Hardy, Ranking Member Adams, and members of the Subcommittee, thank you for inviting me to testify before you today on the Department of Labor's proposed overtime rule. My name is Terry Shea, and I am the proud co-owner of Wrapsody, Incorporated, a gift boutique. I am pleased to be testifying on behalf of the National Retail Federation.    Wrapsody is a hometown gift and home accessory boutique with storefront locations in Hoover and Auburn, Alabama. We also have a web store, Wrapsodyonline.com. In August of 2004, my business partner, Sarah Brown and I opened Wrapsody in Hoover, Alabama, with three part-time associates. By 2009, despite the recession, we had opened a second storefront in Auburn and hired our first full-time managers.    Wrapsody invests in our staff. We employ four full-time salaried managers and 25-plus part-time associates depending upon the season. Managers and assistant managers have the opportunity to earn quarterly bonuses in addition to their annual salary. Management also receives two weeks paid vacation annually, and in 2015, we began a 401(k) plan with a 3 percent company match. We take our management team to Atlanta to Gift Market where they get to meet with key vendors and network with other retailers. We also have an offsite retreat. Our employees really value these opportunities to learn more about the industry and build professional relationships.    I tell you all of this because the Department of Labor's proposed overtime rule will suffocate this type of employment development, company growth, and positive community impact. Wrapsody simply will not be able to increase our four salaried employees to the new minimum salary of $50,440 for many reasons. First, our labor costs are a fixed percentage of our sales, which means we cannot just increase everyone's salaries by such a large amount, nor can we pass on the more than 100 percent increase along to our customers in the form of higher prices. If this new salary threshold takes effect, we will be forced to convert all salaried management to an hourly wage and require them to clock in and out.    Second, in our area of the country, we pay a very competitive salary and we offer a generous benefits package, which is why we have such an awesome team. However, the overtime rule ignores the fact that the cost of living in Hoover, Alabama is very different from that in New York City.    Third, converting salaried positions to an hourly wage adds pressure to get the job done in a 40-hour work week. An increase in overtime eligibility will not necessarily mean an increase in overtime pay for our workforce, but it will take away my managers' flexibility both personally and professionally. My managers' salary exempt status affords them a great deal of flexibility, which they truly value. For example, in August, our Auburn store manager asked to leave a few hours early because her four-year-old daughter was starting dance that day. She needed to register and get her comfortable. Of course we said yes. I mean, no-brainer. These types of incidents happen all the time. Our managers are constantly going above and beyond, and we give them the freedom to schedule themselves. They are just as much a part of our success as we are--as Sarah and I are.    Diminished flexibility will also negatively impact customer service. Right now, if a customer walks into our store a few minutes before closing at 6:00, my managers assist them even if that means that they have to stay late or stay after closing. They would never ask them to leave right at 6:00. My business depends as much on customer service as it does on unique gifts and unique products.    Beyond this loss of flexibility, converting a salaried manager back to hourly status will have a demoralizing impact. Salaried exempt status gives my managers a sense of pride of ownership and it is accompanied by a broader benefits package.    This new overtime rule is bad for employees and small business owners. I am still trying to understand the implications of all these regulations and what it means for our business, but I can tell you right now that the Department of Labor's estimates of the regulatory burden are way too low. I am not the only one who thinks this. The Small Business Administration expressed concerns in its comments that the compliance burdens and costs of the rule are way underestimated. At Wrapsody, every dollar spent on compliance burden is one less dollar that we could have used to grow our business or reinvest in our employees and our community.    In closing, we take great care of our employees. And like other retailers, we want to help our team grow. We believe careers are the answers, not timecards. The Department of Labor's ``one-size-fits-all'' salary threshold, the accompanying proposed annual increases, and any potential change to the duties test will both burden my small business and more costly mandates and limit career advancement for my team. We are trying to do what we do best at Wrapsody--we create a fun and happy environment. We sell great products. We create wonderful jobs and we give back to our community. The uncertainty and cost associated with this government overreach, like the new overtime rule, are making it much harder for us to do business and smile.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. SHEA. Thank you for the opportunity to share my views. I would be happy to answer questions.    Ms. SHEA. Sure. Sure. You know, you are looking at a 100 percent increase, for instance. I mean, I will just use a candle. If we are retailing a candle for $20, okay, we cannot take that same candle and then tell the consumer, our customer, oh, this candle is now worth $40. I mean, what makes that candle worth that much more money? It is not the candle. It is not a bigger candle. It does not burn longer. Nothing happens with the candle. We are saying we have to pass that expense on to our consumer and they just will not pay it. And the other thing is I do not think that the larger retailers, it will hit them as much. And those are the people that we actually compete with for that, for our products.    Ms. SHEA. Sure. Actually, I feel like this regulation is really worse for the employee than it is for me because my expenses are fixed. I mean, I can only pay so much and still be profitable. That is just the bottom line, and I have to be competitive. I am competitive. Sarah and I are very competitive in what we pay.    I asked my manager before I came up here, one of my managers, I said, you know, what do you think about this? Because I am really going to talk for everybody up here. And she said this just inspires mediocrity because you have an assistant manager that makes one thing and you have a store manager that makes this, this amount. Yet you are getting ready with this proposed regulation, I would have to bring them up to the same wage. That is just not right. The store manager has volume responsibility. They bring a lot more experience to the table. I mean, you know, they really do it all. And we do not overwork our employees. I know that there are probably some companies that do, and shame on them. You know, I think there needs to be a safety net, but this regulation just really puts us all in a cage and it just keeps you from advancing. It keeps you from, just like you said, coming in an entry level position. We do not hire girls out of college--I hate to use the word ``girls,'' but anyway, that is who comes to my store--out of college--and pay them $50,440 to come in and manage a store with no management experience. You have to start somewhere. There has to be an entry level. And I really feel like this just totally does away with entry level positions and with middle management.    Ms. SHEA. No. The salaried employees definitely, I mean, they want to be salaried. They enjoy the flexibility. They know that they can count on that same paycheck. If they have to leave and go to a school play, you let them go. We are very flexible. They love the flexibility. We monitor how much our employees work, our salaried associates work, because we do not want them to work too many hours. Anything over 46 hours, we comp them with a day off. I mean, and they can use it whenever they want to. If they want to use it the next week, great. But if not, if they want to save it and use it another time and tack it onto vacation, we let them do that. I looked at my books before I came, and last year my store managers worked 40 hours a week. That is what they averaged. There were some weeks when they worked more, but we compensated them for time off. And there were some weeks when they worked less because that is just the nature of my job, just like yours. You know, fourth quarter is when we make our money. That is when we go in the black, so you know, that is when the business is there, that is when the customer is there, and that is when management is there.    Ms. SHEA. No.    Ms. SHEA. Definitely not increase the income.