    Chairman TIBERI. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And thank you all for joining us today. This is exciting, because today is--the subcommittee is providing a public platform for any and all Members of Congress to discuss bills that they have introduced that modify the way health care is treated in our Tax Code.    Members have put a lot of work into developing and drafting these pieces of legislation, sometimes over years. And this Member Day hearing is their opportunity to share with their colleagues and the American people why these bills are important and why this Committee should take them up.    In addition to my colleagues from Ways and Means Committee I am excited to hear from other Members who serve on other committees who have worked diligently on their own health tax idea, health tax bills. We are committed to working through regular order, and that includes hearing from all those who are working in this space.    So, how is this going to work? Simple. Members will have five minutes to discuss their current health tax legislative priorities. And I would remind Members that they are also able to submit written testimony in support of their legislation.    Thank you again to all the witnesses for taking time out of your busy schedules to join us today, and we look forward to hearing from all of you.    Chairman TIBERI. I will now yield to the distinguished ranking member, Dr. McDermott, for the purposes of his opening statement.    Chairman TIBERI. Thank you, Ranking Member McDermott. Without objection, other Members' opening statements will be made part of the record.    Let's move on to today's first panel of witnesses. And our first panel consists of members of our Health Subcommittee. The three witnesses that will be testifying from our Health Subcommittee are the gentlelady from the second district of Kansas, Ms. Jenkins; the gentleman from the third district of Nebraska, Mr. Smith; and the gentleman from the third district of Minnesota, Mr. Paulsen.    And we will start with ladies first. Ms. Jenkins is recognized for her testimony.    Chairman TIBERI. Thank you, Ms. Jenkins.    Mr. Smith, you are recognized. Proceed for your testimony.    Chairman TIBERI. Without objection.    Chairman TIBERI. Without objection.    Chairman TIBERI. Thank you. Mr. Paulsen is recognized.    You can proceed with your testimony.    Chairman TIBERI. Thank you, Mr. Paulsen.    Our second panel is--sorry about the competition with the drill, by the way. We are trying to take care of that. The second panel is with us.    We have, representing the entire State of South Dakota, Mrs. Noem. You are recognized for five minutes.    Chairman TIBERI. Thank you. We are pleased that you came to share your information with us today. And obviously, an important member of our Ways and Means Committee.    We are now welcomed by a member of our leadership, our policy chairman who represents the sixth district of Indiana . Mr. Messer is recognized for five minutes.    Chairman TIBERI. Thank you for your testimony.    We are joined by the gentleman representing the 11th district of North Carolina. Mr. Meadows is recognized for five minutes.    Chairman TIBERI. Thank you for bringing that to our attention. We have had students in our district who have experienced that same problem. Thank you.    We are joined by another member of the full Ways and Means Committee, the gentleman representing Northwestern Pennsylvania. Mr. Kelly is recognized for five minutes.    Chairman TIBERI. Thank you, Mr. Kelly.    And I would like to thank the four of you for your testimony today. You are more than welcome to get on with your day, appreciate you being here, and we will go to the next panel.    And one of those panelists is here, so I will introduce the first person in our next panel. Representing the seventh district of California, Dr. Bera is recognized for five minutes.    Thanks for being here.    Chairman TIBERI. Thank you for your testimony today.    Chairman TIBERI. Okay.    Chairman TIBERI. You have got three minutes, go ahead.    Chairman TIBERI. Thank you for joining us today. We are now going to turn to a member of the subcommittee, fellow member of the subcommittee representing the fifth district of California.    Mr. Thompson is recognized. Please proceed.    Chairman TIBERI. Thank you, Mr. Thompson. We are now joined by another member of the Ways and Means Committee, a leader on health care issues representing the third district of Louisiana.    Dr. Boustany, you are recognized. Please proceed with your testimony.    Chairman TIBERI. Thank you, Dr. Boustany, for your testimony today.    We are now joined by the gentleman from Utah representing the second district.    Mr. Stewart, you are recognized for five minutes. Thanks for being here.    Chairman TIBERI. Thank you for bringing that to our attention today.    We are now joined by two more Members. I will first recognize in order of coming the gentlewoman representing the first district of Washington State. Ms. DelBene is recognized for five minutes.    Chairman TIBERI. Thank you for joining us today.    We are now joined by the gentlelady representing the sixth district of New York. Ms. Meng is recognized for five minutes.    Chairman TIBERI. Thanks for your testimony.    We are now joined by the gentlelady from the second district of Arizona.    Ms. McSally, you are recognized for five minutes.    Chairman TIBERI. Thank you, Ms. McSally. You were last, but not least. Very good, I appreciate that. And I would like to thank all our colleagues for appearing before us today, and appreciate all the time and work you and your staff have done to put time into these bills.    Last month our committee started a robust conversation about how we can modernize the Tax Code to deliver the high-quality, affordable, portable health care options Americans deserve and expect. And I am happy we had the time to pursue regular order today and make a public record of efforts that can help us achieve that stated goal.    Please be advised that Members will have two weeks to submit written questions to be answered later in writing. Those questions and your answers will be made part of the formal hearing record.    Without objection, the subcommittee stands adjourned.