    Mr. TILLMAN. Thanks.    Mr. TILLMAN. Thank you. Good morning, Chairman, Ranking Member, and members of the Committee.    First off, wonderful remarks from the both of you. You hit the nail on the head.    We are very proud, our company, to be an American manufacturing company. I am proud to be a part of the reshoring effort. We have been able to bring a lot of jobs back, and I am also proud to say that we have been able to take work back from China, believe it or not, by introducing some of these efficiencies, a focus on innovation that you guys made reference to.    We are doing a lot of exciting things and we are supporting what is being referred to as the Second Golden Age of Aviation. When I started the company in 2013, there were certainly struggles that we faced. Struggles from a capital perspective as was alluded to. Struggles from a human capital perspective is what I want to talk about. But by far and away, the biggest question that I got was, what the heck are you doing starting a company manufacturing parts in America? And that is a travesty, you know?    As John made reference to, I believe in the American Dream as well. I believe in the spirit of America. Now is the time for us to really reassert our dominance as a manufacturing powerhouse that we once were. I think through Committees like this, and through the testimony and some of the strategies and policies that we can talk about, that we can apply this, and not just for aerospace and defense companies like ours, but for all businesses, because it is important and it needs to be a priority.    When you talk about the working capital challenges, the government has done some significant things. They have introduced the Jobs Act. This was a very important piece of legislation for us raising capital, articulating the message that we have as an organization to grow, and making it a successful vehicle for us to accomplish.    The human capital challenge is by far and away the biggest one. People come to our facilities and they say, what is your biggest struggle? Is it the machine tools? Is it the facilities? No, it is finding good, qualified people. They do not exist anymore in the numbers that they once have, and it is a sad state of affairs right now.    I have to say, for as great of a country that we are with regards to media, we do a horrible job demonizing manufacturing these days. Nowadays it is the millennials that we need to focus on. We need to make manufacturing cool. This is where we found a tremendous success, really dedicating ourselves to institutional folks from academia. You have to showcase the exciting aspects of manufacturing, because it is exciting. Nowadays when you walk into our facilities, it is like walking into a new-tech environment. There is not the dingy machine tools with grease everywhere. You are walking into an extension of the cutting-edge of technology that is exciting. When you watch these operators making parts nowadays, it is like watching a thing of beauty. There is certainly art and there is a lot of science behind it, and getting that message out there is going to be important so that we do not fall short and have this enormous generational gap affect our ability to remain competitive.    For us, as an organization, we have had significant success working with veterans. We founded a nonprofit called Elite Veterans Initiative where we focus on not just providing support to these folks, and there are over 500,000 unemployed veterans today, I would argue the number is probably higher, and I would also cite that veterans in general say that finding a job is their biggest challenge getting out of the military. This is a problem for us as a nation. These are folks who are well trained. They have all the skillsets, the discipline, the honor, integrity, that makes manufacturing, and business in general, great. We need to embrace these individuals, and not just by providing support, turkey dinners, but also training and providing employment. We are proud to say that 10 percent of our workforce is veterans, and this number is growing as we grow.    I would also like to shed light on some of the legislation. I think that traditionally, there has been a lot of focus on small minority disadvantaged businesses, which were very important, particularly in the sixties and seventies. We need to take a fresh look at this legislation. We need to make sure that it is evolving with the changing dynamics of the marketplace.    I will speak from a supply chain guy for a second. To remain competitive, the large folks out there--the Boeings, the Northrop Grummans--they have to consolidate their supply chains. Unfortunately, as part of that consolidation effort, you are finding a lot of those businesses, once participants of the supplier diversity initiative, going out of business. I think we need to take another look at that. We need to not only empower individuals, but also companies employing these individuals because that is going to be a recipe for long-term success in my opinion. This is what I have experienced growing a business and struggling to do so. But we are growing. We have three sites in just over 2-1/2 years, and we are, again, very proud to be a part of the reshoring effort. The good news is, like I said before, we are in the midst of the second golden age of aviation. There is more booked, undelivered work now than at any time in the history of flight. The time is now, ladies and gentlemen, to really reassert ourselves as the dominant manufacturing powerhouse that America once was. Thank you very much.    Mr. TILLMAN. It is a determining factor. I think it is different state to state, obviously. We are a company that has a presence not only in California, but also in Washington State. Absolutely, it plays heavily on where we decide to expand to. We have big growth initiatives. We would like to expand to most states within the domestic economy located near some of these hot centers of aviation activity, and there is a lot of stuff going on right now. It certainly needs to be relooked at. The fact of the matter is it is inevitable that folks, in order to stay alive, are being subject to some extremely competitive pressures now to keep doing what they are doing. The more regulations that continue to weigh them down, it is not that they want to; they are absolutely, as a necessity, forced to. That is something that we do not want to see happen, certainly. We have had to fight, and fight, and fight, to stay competitive in the state of California. And while we have done it, it certainly does not hurt having regulations that really foster and incentivize wanting to stay there.    Mr. TILLMAN. Yeah, we have taken a very aggressive stance on human capital. Again, we are in the people business. We work with a lot of local technical schools, which is something that not a lot of manufacturers do. We bring in training programs into our facilities if they are not offered, in terms of apprenticeship and things like this. We have a pretty robust human capital management training program. I think in general, as automation becomes--which is the trend certainly that it is going, these environments, they need to foster innovation. They need to embrace it. I think oftentimes with traditional manufacturers, they are possessing a lot of antiquated technologies. You do not see a lot of reinvestment, and it certainly prohibits them with the aging workforce. If you have a lot of people trained on previous generations of technology, it is not so easy to embrace these new practices. I think you have to get in front of it. We are certainly doing that.    Mr. TILLMAN. Absolutely. Certainly, we would like to see more incentives for us to go that extra mile and ensure that we are, again, it is an ultracompetitive environment out there, and organizations have to be incentivized to want to go the extra mile. We would like to see more work done at the academic level as well, and not just at the technical school level, but even before that. K through 12, this is the time.    Mr. TILLMAN. We do not currently.    Mr. TILLMAN. No, we do not currently.    Mr. TILLMAN. Absolutely, we have seen that as well. Bringing jobs back from a manufacturing perspective, certainly in the aerospace and defense industry supply chain, there is quite an extensive supply chain. We have seen elements of that locally for us, even within the southern California region. That is all part of the effort. Again, we speak about the successes we have, but moreover, it is about the success of America, and that is why we are here. If we can see more of that in general, not only in California but throughout the rest of the U.S. economy, you are going to see the multiplier effect of that. We are going to do our part, and obviously, we are here to ensure that Congress is doing their part. But again, I think together we are going to get there. The momentum has changed. Reshoring is here to stay. We are doing a better job at getting the message out there to local schools. We need to continue that. This needs to be an ongoing effort. Again, now is the time to do it because there are so many opportunities out there.    Mr. TILLMAN. With regards to incentivizing for raw material product, I think Ms. Glas spoke to it. From parts that we manufacture, there is a value stream to that, and it begins with raw material production. Emphasizing production in the United States would be a huge benefit to this initiative, in my opinion. I think clarity with regards to some of the policy. I know, as Ms. Glas mentioned, there is a lot of leaps forward, and I think we need to encourage that. After the legislation is put into place, let's take the next steps and really get at the ground floor and see how that legislation is affecting tactical business management and strategy. Once we do so, I think it is going to shed light on some other opportunities there. Clarification within that legislation. Making it aware. We as a company, obviously seek these sorts of things, and oftentimes, it is not terribly accessible to us, so more broad education on how these policies affect local businesses would be tremendously helpful.    Mr. TILLMAN. It is actually interesting. I was at Northrop Grumman, the global headquarters, earlier this week, and the woman that I was meeting with is a veteran. She was saying a big part of the problem that exists is interpreting a military resume, which has a lot of the same fundamental attributes that normal college resumes have but it is written differently, and there are different skillsets that are emphasized. She brought that to light because she is a veteran, she is able to, and oftentimes on a hiring committee say, no, that is actually what we are looking for, it is just called something else. I think, in general, businesses need to be more equipped on that. That is going to happen inevitably if you are hiring more veterans because you are going to be embracing that skillset and just the knowledge and know-how that goes into interpreting it. The reality is, again, it is quite a travesty when veterans cite finding a job as the hardest thing. As they retire from active military, as they are entered into the job force, companies need to be incentivized. Again, not because it is not something that they want to do; it is just so competitive out there that there has to be an overwhelming desire for them to go the extra mile. When we have done it, it has been very successful. And introducing training programs, like I said, these are the folks that we need to, and it is a cultural thing. A lot of active military that are retiring now are millennials, they do fall into that 18-to-34 category.    Another part of that question made me think about what we hear a lot, which is the sort of Google myth that you have to have sleeping pods in order to make employment exciting, and that is not the case. A sense of belonging. A sense of community. Listening. Empowering them to be successful, giving them a voice. This is really what they want ultimately. If we can work towards creating that culture, you are going to have a higher success rate, whether it is veterans or any other millennials, or people even before that.    Mr. TILLMAN. The only comment that I would have is I think it is a curriculum issue. I think there is a certain social level of acceptability in schools. John spoke a lot about solving the problem by bringing shop classes back, and that is, by and large, a lot of it. I think kids in general--I have children--they are encouraged to do more traditional things. I think if you make that more acceptable in general at the lower level, K through 12 area, they will not feel so awkward by pursuing a nontraditional pathway because the reality is it absolutely is misinformation. As Dr. Perren was referring, we have very high-paying jobs, and as a manufacturing company, we maybe see 1 in 1,000 women who apply because it is such a rarity. We would love to encourage more of that.