    Mr. Rogers. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Madam Secretary, welcome to the subcommittee. Your Department plays a central role in the stewardship of our natural resources and the preservation of our national heritage. From operating fisheries to running our national parks, even processing permits for coal mining--a few----    Your Department touches almost every aspect of life in my district as well as those across the country.    Not so long ago, we called on your Department to join an interagency task force, an effort to raise the water level at Lake Cumberland back up to its historic pool level while saving the endangered dusky tailed darter, who, by the way, I learned last week, is doing just fine in his new habitat. I appreciate your participation in this important effort, and I am pleased to report that my constituents are enjoying boating and fishing on Lake Cumberland once again.    That said, other communities in my district in Kentucky cannot tell a success story quite like that. In a few short years, I have seen 10,000 of my miners lose their jobs, struggling to find work in communities that are experiencing staggering unemployment. And let me be clear about one thing. Working in the coalfields was a good job for these miners. This industry provided high wages and reliable work in my part of the country for decades, and watching these miners grapple with starting over again is heartbreaking. Going from a job in a mine that paid $80,000 to trying to find a job at a McDonalds unsuccessfully, and trying to pay those bills and raise those small children.    Not to mention for every one mining job we lose in my area, we lose three to four more in other industries associated with it, leaving us with 12 and even 15 percent official unemployment in some of my counties. We have a real crisis in Appalachia, and some of the policies championed by your Department only exacerbate the very real challenges that they face every day.    Every department in this Administration has bought into the ``keep it in the ground'' strategy with respect to our country's most abundant resource, each one handing down their own set of anti-coal edicts aimed at shuttering power plants and coal companies nationwide. Coal is a plentiful and an inexpensive commodity, and your Department should be seizing every opportunity to unlock this resource and maintain its sizable footprint in our energy economy.    Instead, this Department is perpetuating an unaccountable regulatory scheme that leaves businesses waiting on permitting and leasing decisions for months and years even at a time, and levies unworkable compliance costs on already overburdened job creators.    A particularly concerning piece of this wrongheaded regulatory agenda is the Department's proposed stream protection rule. For over 4 long years now, you have been spending millions of dollars rewriting the stream buffer zone rule finalized in 2008. Your Department has led an entirely mismanaged and insular rulemaking process from the start, seeking input from no one other than your politically minded colleagues bent on destroying the coal industry through regulation. This committee has heard time and again from your so-called State partners that you have left them completely out of the rulemaking process.    There is no doubt that this rule will have a tremendous impact on determining on what coal can and cannot be mined, and will result in the bulk of it being left in the ground. One independent analysis of the proposed rule indicates that it threatens up to 280,000 jobs, most of which are in Appalachia. That is the equivalent of dozens of small towns in my region, and a high price to pay for what will be imperceptible environmental gains.    All the same, your Department doubled down on its anti-coal stance earlier this year when it issued a moratorium on all Federal coal lease sales. This decision halts proposed coal lease sales in nine States, including my home State of Kentucky, while you engage in an unnecessary study of the Federal coal leasing process. Even pending lease decisions will be shelved during this exercise. And you know as well as I that this moratorium is just another excuse to keep coal off the market so it cannot compete with other resources.    This approach is not a winning strategy for energy independence or economic growth in the country. We have an unemployment crisis in Eastern Kentucky, a disaster, and despite our efforts to retool and encourage economic development, these regulations are proving too much to overcome in some areas.    Efforts such as the AML Pilot Program that this committee began last year and the President's Power Plus proposal for economic development on abandoned mine lands represent just a small portion of what it is going to take to get Appalachia back on its feet. The job creators in this region need relief from these onerous regulations in order to keep jobs in the coalfields online and to turn their good ideas for economic diversification into employment opportunities.    These issues mean everything to the communities that are struggling to make ends meet in rural Appalachia. We need to set the right priorities here in Washington so that they can resurrect their economies and put their people back to work. Having said that, I look forward to hearing your testimony today.    Mr. Rogers. Well, thank you, Mr. Chairman. Madam Secretary, the stream protection rule that I referred to has been a boondoggle wrought with controversy from day one. Congress and the courts have both weighed in with concerns about the substance and the process of this rulemaking. Most recently in the 2016 omnibus bill we told OSM to consult the statute and consult with their State partners. OSMRE has supposedly been rewriting the stream protection rule in coordination with several States, including Kentucky. But I have heard from several of these States that their input has not been solicited or incorporated by OSMRE throughout the process.    As you know, under SMCRA, you are required by law to work with the States on this rule and to incorporate their input before finalizing that rule. That rule is expected to destroy over 280,000 jobs in Appalachia and elsewhere, and I am extremely concerned about how the Department managed the development of this rule, ensuring that States have a role in the process.    Can you tell me how much we have spent so far on this rule to date?    Mr. Rogers. Please, but surely we have some idea of the cost.    Mr. Rogers. What is your estimate?    Mr. Rogers. All right.    Mr. Rogers. Specifically, in the omnibus bill, OSM is required to provide the States with all technical reports, data, analyses, comments received, and drafts relating to the environmental reviews, draft environmental statements, the final EIS. They are also required to meet with any primacy State at the request of that State. Those congressional directives are in direct response to OSMRE's failure to work with the States in a collaborative manner as partners, if you will, in the development of the proposed rule and draft EIS. It is absolutely essential that this failure be corrected so that States will be more involved in the rulemaking process as the law requires.    In response to the language in the omnibus bill, how have the Department and the Agency taken steps to begin working collaboratively with the States on the stream protection rule?    Mr. Rogers. How soon will it be?    Mr. Rogers. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Rogers. Mr. Chairman, can I ask unanimous consent to proceed for 1 minute?    Mr. Rogers. I will be real brief. Madam Secretary, you earlier said Kentucky did not want to meet with you. I have a letter here that the governor wrote on February 8th in essence saying as soon as we get the documents that the omnibus bill says we are to receive from you, which they never did, which you never sent them. He says as soon as they get those documents and review them, they want a meeting.    Mr. Rogers. And I want to file this letter with the record of the hearing.    Mr. Rogers. Is that correct?    Mr. Rogers. They want to meet. They want input. But they cannot do it until you send them the documents that back up your claim.    Mr. Rogers. Thank you. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.