    Mr. Walz. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Commander Barnett, I would like to thank you for being here and let you know your team here in Washington is doing a fabulous job. And we certainly appreciate it. And my 2016 dues are on the way, so that email you sent. So you do a good job of reminding me, so we will get them.    But Ms. Halliday, nice to see you again as always. And I appreciate your time. And I want to thank the chairman and the ranking member for I think once again elevating this committee above the partisan politics, for bringing it to the point of trying to improve the care for veterans.    I also think it is noted that together we are doing what we are supposed to do. Reports are being done. We are doing our oversight. Changes are being made. An Under Secretary is no longer an Under Secretary. And I certainly cannot say if it was in direct result of this, but I think people can draw their conclusions. I also would say that Deputy Secretary Gibson's willingness to come here at every case, and his volunteering to come here, and I think the chairman was very clear and sufficiently stated why that was probably not the right case here because he has got a job to do. And I am grateful that I think my colleagues here have both, did the accountability piece, the subpoenas were correct, we have created space, we let Deputy Secretary Gibson do his work, and we will have some answers by November 2nd.    So I kind of want to, this is taking care of it. There are some good questions being brought up. The ranking member brought up a great point about across the board on this issue, which I think is very important to look at. I want to ask more specifically about the role of the IG and this committee stepping up to do its oversight responsibility.    I do think it should be noted we are approaching 700 days without someone in the top job at the VA Inspector General. That in itself is inexplicable to me. With that being said, the broader issue of the IG, the IG's role and this committee's role of getting aggressive to do what we are doing today, and I am proud of that, I want to ask a couple of specifics on this. How many investigations has your office conducted on personnel issues at VBA? That is an off the--to get back to us? Or----    Mr. Walz. Would you know in a general trend has it increased or decreased? Again maybe----    Mr. Walz. Okay. Because I think this is an important one for us and I would ask my colleagues on this. I have been an unabashed supporter of the VA and the role, and you and I talked about some of these where it goes back to the VISN to do some of them because you have to triage those.    Mr. Walz. You had I think some very strong vision, the next Inspector General that comes in, that you work with them. I kind of want to know, for you to help me understand this, how does it work when you complete a report? Because I think the public is starting to see, and one of the questions we are asking, is what do we do with this and how do we implement change? So what happens when you send a report over to the VA?    Mr. Walz. Who reviews that?    Mr. Walz. Does the evidence file go with it?    Mr. Walz. And you and I talked about then and on that is that how you go about committing to implementing your recommendations. That is kind of our role, is that correct? Is that what you see? I see this as where the disconnect is. You do the investigation, you put it out. You send it over to people. People in charge look at it. They can either implement or not implement. This is where I think the disconnect is. This is where I think it is where we step in and there is, people who are proposing another board between us and them, that came up at a hearing we had here recently, kind of a new oversight board especially dealing with health. Is it your interpretation of how this is supposed to work? This is where we are supposed to step in and make sure the implementation is happening?    Mr. Walz. I agree. And I think in this case, I think we have got the right people. I think Deputy Secretary Gibson, yourself, this committee see ourselves as partners on fixing this. But at the end of the day I have been saying, and I think the committee has executed that, it is our responsibility by virtue of the public vote and confidence and statutorily in this office for us to do that. So I would argue today is what you are seeing especially on this specific case, the system is working as it is supposed to with vigorous push by us when we are in agreement. So I thank you, Mr. Chairman. I yield back.    The Chairman. Thank you very much, Mr. Walz. Mr. Coffman, you are recognized for five minutes.