    Mr. French. Thank you for the opportunity to provide you with our views on cyber security threats facing the private sector as well as achievable solutions to better protect sensitive information.    Retailers are just one of the targets in an evolving and escalating war on our digital economy. Merchants collectively spend billions of dollars safeguarding sensitive customer information.    At the outset, let me State that data intrusion is a crime of a particularly international character. In virtually every reported incident, it seems as if the criminals are operating from abroad beyond the reach of U.S. law enforcement.    In all of the congressional scrutiny over data security, there has been a conspicuous lack of attention paid to strengthening our national ability to interdict and prosecute these criminals. We do not have specific recommendations in this area but it is an observation that this committee is uniquely well situated to conduct such an inquiry.    Beyond better law enforcement tools, my remarks center on three themes: better payment card security; effective breach notification and sharing of cyber threat information.    In our view, security alone is not the answer. The issue must be considered much more holistically. We must work together to prevent cyber attacks and help reduce fraud or other economic harm that may result when breaches occur.    Ultimately, we must make data less valuable. If breaches become less profitable to criminals, then criminals will dedicate fewer resources to committing them and our common data security goals will become much more achievable.    Cyber attacks are a fact of life in the United States. Virtually every network is at risk. In its 2014 data breach investigation report, Verizon determined that there were more than 63,000 data security incidents reported by industry, educational institutions and government entities in 2013. Of those, more than 1,300 had confirmed data losses. The financial industry suffered 34 percent of these and the retail industry had less than 11 percent.    I do not cite these figures to criticize our colleagues in the banking industry but merely to illustrate the fact that the incidents of data breaches are proportionate to the relative value of information that can be stolen.    It should not be surprising that three times more data breaches occur at financial institutions than at retailers. Criminals seek high value information and data thieves know that banks are most sensitive to financial and personal information, including not just card numbers but bank account numbers, Social Security numbers and other identified data that can be used to steal identities beyond completing some fraudulent transaction.    When it comes to payment card data, there is one single fact that banks and the card networks must acknowledge. All of the decisions about card design and security are theirs alone. Retailers did not forgo chip technology in the U.S. for almost two decades and we did not conceive of the complex, costly and largely ineffective payment card industry data security standards. We have to live with the downstream costs of these decisions every day.    Without fraud-prone payment card information and retailer systems, criminals would find the rest of the information retailers typically hold and that is benign data such as phone book information, shoe size or color preferences to be all that interesting or more importantly, lucrative on the black market.    That is why payment card security is essential and the adoption of a microchip in payment cards is a long overdue step in the right direction.    For retailers, however, the debate over card security comes down to a basic question about why the card networks and banks continue to rely on signature-based authentication methods rather than the proven security of a four digit personal identification number of pin.    Around the globe, most industrialized nations have adopted pin-based solutions. We know that pins provide an extra layer of security against downstream fraud, even if the card numbers are stolen in a breach.    In pin-based transactions, for example, the stored 16 digits from the card would alone be insufficient to conduct a fraudulent transaction in a store without the four digit pin which is known to the consumer and not present on the card itself. In short, the value of the pin is hard to question.    It is clear to retailers that simple business practices improvements like eliminating signature and adopting pin would be easier and more quickly implemented than any other steps. They hold the promise of being more effective in preventing the kind of financial harm that could impact consumers as companies suffer data security breaches affecting payment cards in the future.    NRF also commends the President's recent Executive Order which called for establishing cyber threat information sharing among non-critical infrastructure industries such as retail through what are called information sharing and analysis organizations, ISAOs.    The information sharing groups proposed appear similar to the Information Technology Security Council formed by NRF last year that currently shares cyber threat information among more than 170 information security professionals in retail.    More than 2,000 cyber threat alerts have been sent to our retail members since the inception of our program and we continue to expand its reach among the retail community.    Mr. Chairman, the remainder of my comments are in my written remarks. Thank you for the opportunity to testify. I look forward to your questions.    Mr. French. Better payment card security. The card security choices have been made by the card industry and the banks. Part of it is hardening the card, putting a chip on the card and that is going on currently.    As Mr. Mierzwinski noted, the banks are choosing to use chip and signature, not chip and pin. The only really effective method of authenticating and individual is a pin.    A system also needs end to end encryption as well as tokenization. Ultimately you want to take the number out of the system so that the number cannot be captured and replicated.    Mr. French. From the pattern of breaches that we have seen in recent years, it is organized gangs of criminals using very sophisticated attacks generally originating in Eastern Europe. I think that is the pattern we have seen almost in every instance.    Unfortunately, they have a very sophisticated method of doing this and wipe their tracks when they go in. It is very difficult. They know what we are looking for and it is very difficult for us to track them inside our systems and wipe them out.    Mr. French. The government could do two things, in our opinion. First, better cyber sharing legislation would help to facilitate more real time exchange of information so that parties within the economy would be sharing with each other.    The government has, through many of their systems, whether it is US-CERT or the Secret Service or FBI, done a very good job of working with, for example, Mr. Johnson's FS-ISAC. The FS-ISAC is a very sophisticated means of flowing that information out. They use a traffic light protocol that shares that information with parties and partners in the industry including retailers.    The information flow is there but we could use some cyber security legislation.