    Mrs. Brooks. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I do want to thank all of the witnesses for your work with respect to the public health and safety of our citizens. On Homeland Security, I chaired the subcommittee on emergency preparedness response and communications, and this is something that we know everyone is passionate about. I think, obviously, when we have an epidemic the way we have right now, the public pays a lot more attention to it, but I think the public also expects us to get it right. And the public is expecting us to leave no stone unturned and to continue to ask the questions and figure out how can we do it better, how can we do it faster, what mistakes have we learned from in the past, and what do we do to keep our country safe.    This year is a much higher death toll, as you have said. In Indiana, there were 72 deaths statewide. The year before, 70. We have already had 108 deaths in Indiana, and it is just the end of January, and the flu season, as I understand it, goes often in through May, so we have a lot that we are very, very concerned about. I spoke with the head of our Marion County, which is Indianapolis' Public Health Department, and she has indicated that the flu has gotten so severe in Indianapolis that she is barring anyone under the age of 18 from visiting hospitals. So if you are 15 years old and your mom is in the hospital, you can't visit your mom. So we have reached, just to let you know, as I am sure you know, and you are very focused on this, but these types of precautions are obviously being taken for the safety of the patients, but we also know, as we have heard, vulnerable, you know, whether they are children or seniors, are so vulnerable. But yet one of the things she also shared with me, and she was explaining the ag. culture technology that we use, and it takes a long time, but yet she shared the new cell mediated technology that you have mentioned in production is faster, but yet it is not widely used. And so I would like to explore why.    You mentioned a cell-based facility in North Carolina. Can we please talk a bit more about if these technologies are out there, why are they not being more widely used? And I don't know if, Dr. Schuchat, you want to start, and Dr. Robinson.    Mrs. Brooks. And is that correct, that a cell-based technology would allow vaccines to be produced faster? Is that correct or is that not correct?    Mrs. Brooks. What is the answer to shorten the time of production?    Mrs. Brooks. Dr. Robinson, how do we----    Mrs. Brooks. So are you saying that there is just one manufacturer that is manufacturing in that manner?    Mrs. Brooks. Is there any issue in the licensing process?    Mrs. Brooks. OK.    Mrs. Brooks. Thank you.