    Mr. Russell. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And, again, thanks for addressing this important issue.    We all realize it doesn't matter which embassy a threat may get. The symbology of just getting one. We saw the destruction of the Beirut embassy that resulted in many of the security standards that we now live by. We saw the loss of the Tanzania and Kenyan embassies that furthered under Secretary of State then Colin Powell to make standard embassy design so that we could have something that would economize the dollars that we have and also provide security in all of the foreign missions that we possess.    And therein lies the problem. We've seen in recent years a deviation, some for needs of topography or needs of the country or needs of the mission, but some just for purely different, political reasons.    And I guess, you know, Director Muniz, you know, you bring not only integrity and a great work ethic and reputation that I think both sides respect, and you've certainly earned that, but my question, and we see it here even with the London embassy, what do you think would be the most important, spending hundreds of millions of dollars beyond the scope of what's needed in nonstandard designs with renewable energy projects and initiatives or building proven secure embassies that will maybe alter for esthetics or for culture in our most vulnerable missions overseas? Which is more important dealing with the terror threats that we face globally today?    Mr. Russell. And I do appreciate the----    Mr. Russell. Sure.    Mr. Russell. Sure. And I understand the cultural needs. I mean, we are representing our country in theirs around the globe. I've had the privilege to travel as a member of this committee to many countries examining embassies. But I don't think that we are having security and thrift as the greatest thing in view.    And then to hear you, Mr. Starr, say that, in essence, it's all unicorns and rainbows and it's perfect out there, and then now we need to spend hundreds of millions of more dollars on a training facility that, quite frankly, our Armed Forces could probably cooperate and provide many of those needs.    And I guess, you know, just from infantryman's point of view and having been in a number of embassies in my military career over more than two decades, I saw a lot of glaring things that you don't even seem to be caring to address. And so I'd like to address so some of them since we have here you here.    Security detachments. Basic stuff. You're complaining about not having tens of millions of dollars or hundreds of millions of dollars for this or that security. Well, I've got some questions for you. Night vision devices, aiming aids for our security detachments, we're talking four figures here could fix these in any given embassy.    Power generation, water storage on the periphery walls, very vulnerable. They said, ``Well, we can hold out for 30 days.'' Not if it's out there on the wall and it's already taken, which usually is the first thing that gets assaulted at an embassy, is the outer wall.    And then we see sewer and underground vulnerabilities. You ask, ``Okay, where does this go, what's the access here?'' ``Well, we think there are some bars down here that would prohibit people getting up.''    I mean, these are consistent things that I've seen on my trips. And we're not talking hundreds of millions of dollars, sir, we're talking single-digit millions could fix a great many of these things.    My question to you, if you are so dedicated to security, what are you doing to address those things?    Mr. Russell. And they tell me they need these things.    Mr. Russell. You should get out to your embassies more and talk to those security teams that are out there.    Mr. Russell. No, I'm not talking Afghanistan and Iraq. I'm talking countries that largely have peaceful populations.    Mr. Russell. Well, I have no doubt that you have. And I would suggest, in fact I would like a report back on how you're addressing--when you have basic marine riflemen that don't even have an aiming aid on their rifle per rifleman, when you don't even have in a, say, six-and-one security detachment and they don't have seven total night vision devices, these are very, very simple fixes.    When you're talking about peripheral water storage and electrical generation that could be brought interior, much more close, and allows these legations to survive in the critical hours where they could maintain their communications and continue, I would say we have much, much more work to do.    And, quite frankly, Mr. Starr, I've not been impressed with a lot of the initiatives and the bright rosy picture that you portray, because in very simple, correct fixes, we can do so much more than we're doing now in practical terms without asking the American taxpayer for hundreds of millions of dollars.    And, Mr. Chairman, thank you for indulging me beyond my time. I yield back.    Mr. Russell. Well, I would tell you this, Mr. Starr, if I may, Mr. Chairman, the regional security officers are the ones that provide, as you well know, the security for each of the compounds. State funds the RSO's request.    Mr. Russell. And that includes many of the pieces of equipment that they ask for. Now, either the integrity of the Marine Corps is at stake here, where they say that they can't get the equipment because it's funded through the RSOs, or maybe somebody else's integrity is at question here.