    Mr. Rohrabacher. Thank you very much. And, again, Mr. Chairman, I appreciate your leadership on this issue. This is an issue that is vital to our country's safety and security, and frankly, this is the first detailed hearing I've been to on it. I congratulate you for stepping up and providing that leadership.    And I'd also like to associate myself with Mr. Takano's line of questioning, which was right on target. And--but I would like to disassociate myself with Mr. Grayson's line of questioning.    Mr. Rohrabacher. He wanted me to do that to help him in his Senatorial campaign.    The discussion that we're looking at here is, as far as I can see, there's low probability of certain types of disruptions but with high-impact, very high-impact, but then we have other vulnerabilities that you've outlined that have lower impact. Where should our emphasis be? Should it be on this--basically a solar storm in trying to make sure that we are lined up for that and have a few days' notice and then being able to turn off our machines and in the meantime to sort of minimize the effect, or should we be looking at these various things that you're talking about, adding steel so that the terrorist squirrels don't get to us?    Mr. Rohrabacher. Well, we just were treated to some information about possibilities that utilities and that being one of the roadblocks to--and, by the way, it's just not utilities; it's also politics in the local area which determine what the policies of those utilities will be. Let me just ask this. In terms of--aren't we really talking about de-griding the country? Isn't that really the long-term concepts? No, perhaps we have reached a stage where my colleagues on the other side of the aisle have been trying to push me for a long time into basically having independent generation of electricity by solar power and things such as that, individual homes de-grided? Go right ahead, sir.    Mr. Rohrabacher. Mr. Chairman, let me just note that the storage of electricity is a major part of this whole concept of how we're going to deal with this. There is a lot of research going on right now. There are some people who are working on what could be breakthrough technologies in the storage of electricity, and this, too, might be an interesting discussion for the Committee. Thank you.