    Ms. Callahan. Thank you, sir.    Good afternoon, Chairman Ratcliffe. Thank you for the opportunity to appear before you today.    My name is Mary Ellen Callahan, and I'm a partner at the law firm of Jenner & Block, where I chair the privacy and information governance practice. From 2009 to 2012, I served as the Chief Privacy Officer of the U.S. Department of Homeland Security. I'm appearing before this committee in my personal capacity.    Cybersecurity information sharing is vital to protect private- and public-sector assets. In order to prepare for disclosing cybersecurity threat indicators, however, to the other entities in the cybersecurity ecosystem, the information sharing with the Government must meet certain standards to address industry interests and needs.    There are six factors that are crucial for establishing robust effective private-sector information sharing with the Government:    First, the Government must establish and implement legitimate privacy safeguards.    Second, clearly-established controls must be placed on what the Government does with that shared information.    Third, the controls must include civilian interface with the private sector, not just as an intake center, but for all communications and coordination related to cybersecurity information sharing.    Fourth, a value proposition for the information sharing must be established.    Fifth, liability limitations must be provided both civilly and criminally.    Finally, the Congress should expressly provide the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board with oversight authority over cybersecurity, including information sharing.    It is unfortunate that the 2015 Executive Order did not elaborate on the necessary privacy and civil liberties protections, particularly with regard to private-sector information sharing.    Nonetheless, the DHS Privacy Officer and Office for Civil Rights and Civil Liberties can address those private-sector concerns, including with the intersection of the Information Sharing and Analysis Organizations, or ISAOs.    DHS has been quite transparent about its cybersecurity capacities and privacy protections starting from the time when Mr. Garcia was at Homeland Security. This work will assist DHS in establishing deeper relations with the new and existing ISAOs.    In addition, as this subcommittee knows, the DHS Chief Privacy Officer has unique investigatory authorities. Therefore, in the event that something went awry in the future, the Chief Privacy Officer can investigate these activities. That authority may be of interest to the private companies and ISAOs as more private information starts to flow into the Government.    There are three categories of information that companies may provide when sharing cybersecurity threat indicators: Information directly associated the cyber threat; information related to the cyber threat; and information incidentally retained when sharing the threat indicators themselves.    To limit the amount of incidentally retained and related information being shared, companies should implement strict data minimization standards. Frequently, however, it may not be evident upon initial sharing which information is directly associated with the threat and which information is either incidentally retained or only related to the cyber threat. Therefore, more information than necessary may be shared.    As a result, the Federal Government should implement a secondary data minimization review and limit any sharing of information only to the information directly associated with the threat.    In certain discussions, there have been recommendations to share all cybersecurity threat information, including the related and incidentally-retained information, as soon as possible with all Government entities. This is ill-advised.    If such sharing were to occur, each agency would need to re-analyze the information to determine what is relevant and what is not. If there is a requirement to immediately share, then more information than necessary will be shared throughout the Government.    Wide-spread sharing of related or incidentally-retained information will chill information sharing generally. Companies will not want their non-cyber-threat information shared widely, even if there are use limitations. To be clear, use limitations must be placed to provide guidance to the Government and necessary comfort to the sharing companies.    The use of private-sector shared information must be cabined to only include use for cybersecurity threat and response. Relatedly, the Federal Government, including intelligence agencies, should have limitations on what agencies can retain and for how long with regard to the shared information from companies.    Ensuring civilian control of the life cycle of cybersecurity information from the private sector is critical to comfort private companies before they share cybersecurity threat indicators in volume.    Critical infrastructure sectors in companies have had reservations about information being shared that may not only be used for informing other vulnerable entities, but also would have been used for investigations or National security without concomitant benefit.    The liability limitation is also important. Companies and ISAOs need to be comforted that the information they share will be appropriately protected.    Finally, the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board authority should be expanded to include oversight of cybersecurity activities, including information sharing with and from the private sector.    Thank you.    Ms. Callahan. Thank you for that question.    There are several steps and several procedures that DHS goes through, depending on how the threat is conveyed to Homeland Security, depending on how it's integrated and whether or not it's going to be shared.    As you mentioned, data minimization and only having the directly associated threat information is the key element both because it protects privacy better, of course, but, also, it helps identify what people should really be looking at if, indeed, information is shared and they don't have to go through the chaff.    At Homeland Security, there are multiple steps. First, when the threat comes in from the private sector, it can be reviewed by a human to go and look to see if it can be identified for what the specific threat is. It's then distilled down. It's very frequently often IP addresses, possibly URLs associated with it, and the very rate time associated with an email address.    It's distilled down to that kind of core element, and then it's compared to whether or not we know anything about this threat, what else is happening, where is it going.    To the extent that it's going to be shared, only that distilled element is going to be the purpose that it's shared. It also then, before sharing, is reviewed by a DHS privacy professional to confirm that minimization process.    Ms. Callahan. I think the privacy community very specifically wants to have civilian control over information sharing, and that's an important tenet for the privacy community.    They also are very aware of the privacy protections that I described that are detailed in the multiple privacy impact assessments, privacy compliance reviews, and other public documents that have been detailed by the DHS privacy office.    In addition, Homeland Security has a subcommittee that is Classified at the Top Secret/SCI level that has had even more detailed briefings, and those include advocates and members of the community. So I think that, to the extent the privacy advocates can be comfortable with the privacy protections of information sharing, Homeland Security has met that.    Ms. Callahan. Thank you, sir.    The Fair Information Practice Principles, or the FIPPs, are the cornerstone for any analysis of analyzing the privacy impact of certain considerations.    As you note, the NCCIC has applied the FIPPs in their processes. However, we can always improve. The NCCIC can also have--the transparency and the discussion of the effectiveness of information sharing I think could be a very valuable tool in light of the fact that, you know, we hear a lot about information sharing and how does it work? Mr. Garcia has some examples that I believe he'll share with you. But I think it's also important to understand why this information's being shared, what's happening to it, and where is it going.    Dr. Ozment's testimony earlier this month--or, I guess, in February does have some statistics, as does Under Secretary Spaulding's, but I think understanding the core elements would be an important factor.    The data minimization that I talked about and the procedures that NCCIC and CSNC go through are useful, and I think it wouldn't be--it would be good to again describe those in more detail and try to get some understanding.    Finally, the issue about security clearances is a difficult one, but at the same time I think we can get more information at an Unclassified level perhaps both to explain to the private-sector companies who are concerned as well as those advocates.    Thank you.    Ms. Callahan. I think that there are several factors to think about. Candidly, the information that I have seen that's been shared from private-sector companies or from DHS to other Government entities is difficult to parse if you're not a computer. You know, we're trying to identify the malware. We're trying to identify what the threat is specifically. From a FOIA perspective, to understand public policy issues I don't think is very helpful.    Furthermore, I certainly think that companies would be very reticent to share that information if, indeed, it was exposed to FOIA. I think it probably still meets under the FOIA qualifications of Exemption (b)(3).    So I don't know that we need necessarily new legislation on that, but I think that the FOIA exemption is both useful and getting the information wouldn't be all that helpful for the advocates themselves.    Ms. Callahan. If I may, sir, just to follow up, I think about information sharing both among the companies and, also, with and from the Government as kind of three-dimensional chess. You need to know where each of the different elements are, as Mr. Garcia and Dr. Libicki talked about, and you may not have the complete picture unless you get all of the information.    I completely agree with you that you don't want the Government in your business dealing with what the threat is itself, but you do want to share the information that you've figured out or maybe a contractor figured out or maybe the Government figured out.    So it's to share the information as broadly as possible, but not to have the Government come and, you know, deal with the information or address the cyber threat unless it's a critical scenario.    Ms. Callahan. I think, for the small and medium-sized businesses, the automated sharing that Mr. Garcia talked about can really help facilitate that. Therefore, the more people can participate, the bigger the pie, so to speak, the more you can share, the less burden it is on the small and medium-sized enterprises.