    Mr. DiGiovanni. Chairman Wenstrup, Ranking Member Takano, distinguished members of the subcommittee, thank you for the opportunity to speak to you today. As a 26-year veteran of the United States Air Force, this is an issue near and dear to my heart.    In June of 2012 the Department stood up a licensing and credentialing task force. It was stood up for two purposes: First, to give meaning to the profession of arms. It is not only just about military courtesy, but it is also about a professional course that is both licensed and credentialed.    We also believe that licensing and credentialing is pointing to military transition, so that is the ability to translate what one learned both from training, education, and experience, and how that translates into the private sector.    The program of licensing and credentialing in the Department falls along three lines of action: The first is when you finish your initial qualification training, if you are qualified at that time, then there is an opportunity to secure a license or a credential. The second time is mid career when you have sufficient experience. And the third is as you begin to transition from military services.    In October of 2013, per the direction of Congress, we did a set of pilots, we submitted a report to you all in 2013. And in that report, we looked at areas such as truck driving, logistics, healthcare, manufacturing, IT and other areas which have direct portability from the military into the civil sector.    For example, on the one line of action that I spoke of, the Army has been very aggressive in their 91 Echo Allied Trade Specialist schoolhouse. Since 2012, over 2,000 initial graduates of that course have been awarded American Welding Society certification, and 2,350 members have been awarded certification from the National Institute of Metalworking Skills.    Also, with DoD assistance, there have been 79 bills enacted in each of the 50 States, 40 of which have made changes which encourage colleges and community colleges to give military members credit for their training, education and experience.    What we are working on now is that by fiscal year 2016, all four services will pay for credential. The latest was the Marine Corps which started their program this month, the other three, two of which actually started paying in 2015, and the Navy have been paying for credentials since 2008.    We are also working on a DoD instruction to consolidate the policies that come from this body and other places. And we also have a DoD credentialing working group where we are looking to get the four services together to look at best practices and standardization.    There is also a standup of AWS, the DoD COOL Web site, Credentialing Opportunity Online, that will now not only be able to get that from each of the four services, but there will be a central place for them now to go where you can get access to all four service sites. And the task force that I spoke of that was set up in 2012 has been extended to the end of 2017.    For the way ahead, certainly what you have done has been fantastic. It certainly helped our military members. There have been great laws that have been passed; in particular, one which authorized our military members to receive initial skills job training up to 6 months before they get out. So that becomes their place of employment for up to 6 months before they leave military service. That program, or that authority, is called SkillBridge.    We are also starting to shift the center of gravity to the States. We think that when you look at the States, the licensing issue certainly, as was discussed earlier, is a State issue. The other center of gravity is the professional associations themselves.    We also think there is an opportunity to partner with community colleges. For example, in our study, only four of 395 accredited paramedic colleges actually have a pipeline course. And what a pipeline course is is where they look at a military member's training, education and experience. You get credit for that time, you also get a competency-based exam, and then they custom design a set of coursework that only fills the gaps in what you need.    What we have seen for the paramedic, that cuts between 6 to 7 months of school time for transition. It is interesting that only 4 of the 395 institutions have that capability.    The last area that we are looking at is in combat arms, and we are looking at soft skills in helping those folks transition. I thank you for the opportunity to speak to you today and I will stand by for questions.    Mr. DiGiovanni. Sir, from my several years of working this issue, the biggest problem for us has been access. So as military members begin to transition, a lot of people in industry are looking, so how do we talk to these 250,000 servicemembers that are getting out every year? And I think it was alluded to in the earlier testimony, but I think the technical means, the use of social networking capabilities, Twitter and other types of communication devices allow it to scale. It is too hard to try to find out individually what 250,000 people, where they are going to go. And a lot of it is up to the servicemember, do they really want to release that information, do they know--do they even know where they want to go yet? So there is a lot of devil in the details when it comes to that question.    But I think the biggest thing I have seen is just how do we use maybe technology that allows people to scale and reach out to them in a way that is voluntary? So if they want to be contacted, they can opt in and then provide that communication.    Mr. DiGiovanni. Yes, sir.    Mr. DiGiovanni. Sir, great question. I--one of the things that we did as we saw the law started to get changed which opened up that kind of licensing board and flexibility to take advantage of military training, education and experience, because we went out and contracted something that I call the technical data package. What that did is we went and did a deep dive at those four places, for example, that we are doing paramedic pipelining. In that technical data package, we captured how they translated military training and education to college credit. And we also captured the competency-based exams they were giving these folks.    So one of the things that we need to do is just, as you said, get the information out. I mean, it is sitting there. The States just need to just say, look, does the Federal Government have anything that has best practices? So that is one thing, it is really getting the best practice out. I think the second thing is incentivizing these community colleges in some way to build these kinds of programs that not only in the healthcare, but in other areas where we see our military veterans migrating to.    Mr. DiGiovanni. We haven't, sir. The first study really took a hard look at healthcare because it was such--there was this great alignment between what the military is doing and the private sector, so that was really the first look.    Mr. DiGiovanni. Sir, unfortunately I am not the expert on the TAACCCT program. Most of the areas that I engage in are in the licensing and credentialing piece. I will take that question for the record, sir, and I will get an answer back. But that office is run by Dr. Susan Kelly. And so I really need to defer to her expertise here, sir.    Mr. DiGiovanni. So our approach has been primarily market-driven. So one of the things that we have asked anyone who has asked, or anyone we talked to from industry is, what is the goal in certification? What is the goal in licensure? So that we can advise military members that if you are seeking a career in, say, metalworking or truck driving, which is pretty simple, you obviously need a CDL, but one of these kind of manufacturing or logistics, what are the certifications that if a military member walked into your H.R. office and you lay that on the table, that would be exactly the certification they are looking for.    So from our perspective, we are looking for, again, this information, but this time, toward the Department, to help better inform our military members, what certifications and licensures matter, particularly in the kinds of jobs that they are looking for.    I think we also not really trying to, the military to date, has not taken on the task of trying to do the gap training themselves. They do have a military requirement, and then they train and educate those military servicemembers to the specific requirements of the Department. And then what we have done is then provide them with information mechanisms to find out what the gaps are and then help them locate where they can get those gaps filled. And so that is--it has kind of been that process and also that demand-driven process, what is the marketplace looking for as far as licensing and credentialing?