    Ms. Fudge. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank you all for being here to provide testimony today.    Certainly, this is a bipartisan law, and I believe if fully implemented, it will fulfill congressional intent and honor the Elementary and Secondary Education Act's civil rights legacy to promote and protect the right to educational opportunity for our Nation's most vulnerable children.    Money matters. Poverty, especially when highly concentrated, presents unique educational challenges. It takes more money, not less, to provide equitable educational opportunities in high poverty communities, which is why Congress enacted Title I to serve as a supplemental funding stream for our Nation's neediest schools.    Simply put, Title I is Congress' longstanding recognition that equal is not always equitable. Unfortunately, the intent of Title I has gone unrealized in school districts that continue to spend less to educate children in high poverty schools, perpetuating educational disparities within the district, despite drawing dollars from the same tax base.    For too long, school district decisions on budget allocation have gone unchecked, with schools serving high poverty neighborhoods getting less than their fair share.    The supplement not supplant, or SNS, requirement that Title I funds be in addition to State and local investment in schools receiving Federal dollars was first adopted by Congress in 1969, and is the most important fiscal accountability provision in the entire law.    In ESSA, Congress amended the provision. Compliance with SNS can no longer be determined using cost test demonstrations that allowed inequities to go unresolved. Congress did not agree, however, to remove or waive compliance with the SNS requirement.    To support enforcement of the requirement, the U.S. Department of Education has a replacement proposed funds-based standard for compliance. The replacement honors the intent of Congress to permit for greater flexibility in how Title I dollars are spent, while ensuring those dollars are in fact supplemental to State and local investment.    According to the proposal, each school district, not the Federal Government, determines its own formula for allocation of State and local funds. If a district's Title I schools are receiving their full share of State and local funds based on the district's formula, Title I dollars are truly supplemental, and the district is fully compliant with Federal law. That seems to be reasonable to me.    The proposed rule seeks to address the annual underfunding of high poverty schools. Meeting this new funds-based standard for SNS compliance will likely be uncomfortable in some school districts, those where inequities have gone unchecked. It will likely drive hard conversations and new found accountability and transparency for local budgeting processes.    While all of this may make compliance challenging, none of it disqualifies the proposal as inappropriate or illegal.    This is just how my colleagues on the other side of the aisle are characterizing the proposal, as part of a larger GOP narrative, attacking the legitimacy of the executive branch.    While their outrage and chest pumping is loud and distracting, I implore members of this subcommittee to not be distracted from the real issue.    Nothing about the proposal supplants the law or local authority as the title of this hearing would suggest, unless they are speaking of the local authority to undermine congressional intent by using Title I dollars to plug budget holes that shortchange high poverty schools.    I respectfully remind my friends in the majority that SNS is a Federal requirement to be enforced by the Federal agency. Nothing in ESSA allows a local educational authority to supersede that enforcement.    Let me be clear. Enforcement of the supplement not supplant requirement is the responsibility of the department. It is my expectation and the expectation of Congress that the Secretary fulfill his responsibility to set an enforceable compliance standard for the nearly 15,000 school districts across the country.    In ESSA, Congress made it very clear that supplement not supplant would remain a requirement. We chose to amend it, not to eliminate it. At this point, I find the rhetoric of those opposed disingenuous and devoid of any suggestion of what would constitute an acceptable standard of compliance. Decrying the standard put forth by the department without suggestion for what the standard should be is the same as asking for no standard and no enforcement.    That, my friends, was not the bipartisan agreement of ESSA. With the enactment of ESSA, we have the opportunity to create a more equitable system of public education. It would be inexcusable for the Secretary to render the supplement not supplant requirement meaningless without a Federal standard for compliance.    I thank the witnesses for taking time out of their busy schedules to participate in today's hearing, and look forward to learning about their experiences and recommendations for ensuring a smooth and successful transition to the new law in a way that preserves the critical Federal role to promote educational equity.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I yield back.    Ms. Fudge. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I sit here and listen to them talk about congressional intent. I thought the intent of the law was equity, that the intent of the law is to at least give every child a fighting chance. The intent of the law was to make sure every child has an equal opportunity to succeed. That is the intent, so I don't know what - if maybe we were in different meetings, but that is my recollection.    Especially as we look at schools becoming more and more segregated across this country, and as we look at the fact that data continues to show that poor kids are getting shortchanged, so I do not know what we are fighting about if the real intent of the law is equity. I just do not understand for the life of me why if we give poor children their fair share, it is a problem.    Mr. Sargrad, and I am going to use the words of Mr. Owens, he indicates that if we give poor children their fair share, the sky is going to fall, but his words, and I quote, ``It will destroy the stability within classrooms and amongst schools, and likely lead to the elimination of programs and initiatives that increase student and/or parent choice.'' Do you agree with that?    Ms. Fudge. Let me further ask this question. For what reason would schools not want to give us this information?    Ms. Fudge. What do you believe the intent of the law was, Mr. Sargrad?    Ms. Fudge. Okay. Dr. Canavero and Mr. Owens, you have both testified that the new standard for compliance in the proposed rule is unacceptable. I have not heard either of you suggest what an acceptable standard would be. I can assure you it was not Congress' intent to allow compliance with this important requirement to be subject to the whims of more than 15,000 school districts.    So what in your judgment is a satisfactory standard? Dr. Canavero and then Mr. Owens.    Ms. Fudge. That is the question.    Ms. Fudge. What is the answer? You are reciting the problem. What is the answer? Mr. Owens, do you have an answer?    Ms. Fudge. And you would do it how? Tell me how you would do that if that is the answer.    Ms. Fudge. Is that not the same thing the rule says?    Ms. Fudge. Thank you, Mr. Owens, but what I am hearing you saying is what the rule is saying. Thank you so much all of you for your testimony. Mr. Chairman, I yield back.    Ms. Fudge. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I thank you for this hearing today. I thank you all for being here. I would like, Mr. Chairman, to submit for the record a letter from a coalition of 31 civil rights education and child welfare organizations in support of the department's original proposed supplement not supplant regulation.    Ms. Fudge. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. With that, I would just suggest this. If in fact the intent is what we have all agreed it is, just as we have talked at least from my perspective, then I would hope that we would not continue to shortchange students because we do not want to fill out a piece of paper. I yield back, Mr. Chairman.