    Mr. Williams. Good morning, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Chairman, Ranking Member Brownley, distinguished Members of the Subcommittee, on behalf of Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America and our 425,000 members and supporters, thank you for an opportunity to share our views with you at today's hearing.    By way of introduction, I am a retired Army person having served 26 years active duty, six years in the reserves. I serve as the Chairman of the Veterans Affairs Advisory Board of DeKalb County, Georgia, and I am responsible for Veterans' Recognition Advocacy and Research Program on behalf of 41,000 veterans in that county.    I also serve as the Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans Leadership Fellow focused on veteran leadership, development, policy advocacy, and team building. These experiences help me to understand the needs and challenges of veterans accessing quality care.    IAVA is proud to have previously testified in front of this Subcommittee recommending the need for consolidation of care in the community of veterans enrolled in VA health care. We applaud Congress for requiring VA to put forth a plan for consolidation. We recognize the senior VA leaders for acknowledging the need for consolidation and for providing inclusive veteran-centric and transparent plans.    The 2015 Choice Improvement Act helped begin the process of removing confusion for veterans. However, IAVA's most recent member survey indicated that five percent of the respondents that use the Choice Program and their reviews were mixed. For the 95 percent of IAVA members who have not used Choice, 43 percent didn't use it because of confusion on how to use it and half were totally unfamiliar with the program.    In Atlanta, Georgia, the enrollment for health care at the Atlanta VA Medical Center is growing faster than the capacity for primary care. According to the 2013 vet pop data, the number of veterans living in the 28-county metro Atlanta area was 294,000. By 2014, the data reflects 361,000 veterans living in the same area. And during the same period of time, the Atlanta VA hired 600 additional employees.    Related to this, on January 20th, the Atlanta VA stated that the current completion for VA primary care appointments was 60 days. But by January 26th, the director advised me that the wait was reduced to 20.6 days. If these numbers hold true, the reduction in wait time by nearly 40 days within six days is remarkable. We hope other VA medical centers follow suit. We hope this Subcommittee will continue to monitor, analyze, and ensure the accuracy of wait time data.    As Congress moves forward to simplify this process for veterans, IAVA recommends that the Congress works with the VA. Use the VA as a plan, as a framework for legislation to avoid the one-off proposals that might be misinformed or put politics ahead of veterans. After all, the Congress provided different plans that added to the confusion and inefficiencies leading to the need to consolidate care.    We believe Congress should be mindful of these lessons learned from them and leverage the VA's plan as a framework for consolidation of care.    Our second concern is VA's ability to effectively implement a plan to consolidate care across VA to avoid the mistakes made during the implementation of Choice. While the Choice Improvement Act of 2015 extended provider eligibility to any provider meeting VA criteria, the VA must use this opportunity to streamline and standardize the medical documentation requirements.    Under the 2014 law, reimbursement rates for non-VA providers is limited to no more than Medicare. Reducing the administrative requirements can remove a barrier to more providers joining the network.    VA intends for its health delivery model to be a patient-centered medical home for veterans. Therefore, VA holds responsibility for the direct coordination of services for each veteran. Care coordination is a core function of primary care. Significant numbers of VA patient needs are complex.    The factors that increase the complexity for our veterans are a number of them have multiple chronic health problems, social vulnerability, a large number of providers, and the patients lack the ability to coordinate their own care. Significant numbers of VA patients have anxiety disorders, dementia, depression, and kidney failure.    IAVA recommends VA continue to collaborate with all stakeholders who share their vision to put the veterans first and focus on value-based leadership to change the VA culture. Given the shortcomings related to training front-line personnel in the implementation of Choice and customer service, VA should continue to put forth efforts to train all employees in the consolidated care model.    Finally, IAVA encourages the Congress, VA and VSOs, the industry and other stakeholders to place increased importance on the quality of care that veterans receive, especially providers who haven't served veterans since their residency training.    In closing, thanks to this Subcommittee for your leadership and your commitment to veterans. Mr. Chairman, I stand ready to answer any questions you may have.    Mr. Williams. Mr. Chairman, the only thing I would do if I put that in the context of the patient-centered medical home, the primary care physician has to be the person that decides what type of care the patient needs and what frequency they need. And I would think VA's primary care provider would know that. That is a frustration I dealt with myself.    That provider ought to be able to say that this patient needs to be seen for specialty care at this point, and I need that information back to me within a reasonable amount of time and get that done. And they have to do that for the patient.    Mr. Williams. I don't think that was part of our surveys. I would have to get back with the IAVA leadership on the availability of providers in the community.    Mr. Williams. Sir, I would just have to say, and this is pulling away from that, but I met with some of the leaders from the Georgia Medical Association and that was one of their concerns when it comes to the cost of physicians working in the network with the administrative costs that it costs their physicians because they were even concerned about reimbursement rates for Medicare and Medicaid versus administrative requirements.    But they brought up that that was an issue with their participation in Choice, was the simple administrative overhead.    Mr. Williams. Congressman, it was absolutely important to hire those employees to cut the wait times.    Mr. Williams. In Georgia, the access to care is critical and access in a lot of our veterans' minds is interpreted as quality.    Mr. Williams. Congressman, I will say this from the perspective of with my sisters and my late wife being Marines. My wife was adamant after one visit to the VA that she would never, ever go back in after having walked through a gauntlet of men. And it brought up something I did not know about what had happened when she had first joined the military. I don't think we should make women have to go through a gauntlet because I think it also discourages some of those who need the health care from getting it because they just don't want to walk through a gauntlet of men.    Mr. Williams. The veteran.