    Mr. Perry. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I know it is a little unexpected. Sorry to be late to the game here.    I am thinking about like the data services hub and the law that we have in place now in particular where you are required by law to be involved in the Government and then, by transposition, your data is then within the Government purview and then we don't necessarily have the best systems, maybe, that we could or should and how we also, as a Government, treat private entities that have been hacked and we penalize them for having not done enough soon enough or notified appropriately or what have you.    I don't know how we have the moral high ground, as the Federal Government in this, you know, and we are not necessarily talking about the particular OPM breach, but because these things happen on a--at least the hacks happen on a regular basis. Right? We know that there are those who have been hacked and those who don't know it yet. Right? That is kind of how things go.    So DHS, I think, has done everything within their current power. Right? They have advised. They have urged other agencies, ``This is the gold standard. This is where you need to be.'' But they still have no authority to force the agencies, like OPM or anybody else.    They can tell them where they think they should be based on what DHS knows. ``This is why we have the Department of Homeland Security, among other reasons, is to determine threats that we have and solutions sets'' and so on and so forth. So they can advise, but they have no authority.    So, in a broad sense, my question to you would be: Should DHS have the authority regarding other agencies to impose--we are talking about individual citizen's data which, in this particular instance, not necessarily OPM, but the data services hub associated with the ACA.    You are mandated by Federal law to have your data, everything about you, be in that repository. If that is the case, should it be DHS? Should they have the authority? If not, who? If not anybody, then what is the solution set to make sure that agencies are on the cutting edge of safeguarding America's data?    Mr. Perry. They can help, they can assist, but they can't compel, or they can compel?    Mr. Perry. So you think that we have at least some form, in the remaining time, of oversight to where we can urge and maybe even compel, but there is no--you can compel all you want, but if there is no consequence to inaction, there is nothing to compel you.    Your assertion would be, as usual, not that--this isn't meant to be personal. How can the Government penalize itself? Because you are taking from one pocket--out of one pocket and putting it another pocket, if it is financial or what have you.    But I think that smart folks like you and people on this committee need to find a way to compel, if that is the right solution set--you know, our individual citizen's data is at risk here and, if we have that authority, we have a responsibility to safeguard it. They are mandated to provide that information, mandated to, and then it is at risk. That is unacceptable, and I am sure you know it.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I yield back.    Mr. Perry. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Hey, Dr. Gerstein. Good to see you again.    So you were sitting here during the last panel and the questioning that I had. I just would like to get your perception, if you recall.    Is DHS the correct place? Do they have the authority? What are the consequences? Your perception there. Also, just thinking through some of your comments, National security strategy, National military strategy, National cybersecurity strategy, your thoughts on where--where would be the repository of that strategy? Who would develop it? Maybe some tenets of the strategy.    Also, what is topical today just came to me while we are having this discussion. So maybe it has already been brought up. But the naming convention, circumstances that we find ourselves in now, is that something that should be included in this strategy? Should the United States allow that to leave the purview of our country and be more international with some other international body? How does that tie in? Then we can probably just have an on-going discussion based on your answers.    Mr. Perry. So two other questions in the time I have left.    The naming convention, just your thoughts on that. Just as, you know, it is not appropriate or proper to set up a shotgun in your cabin while you are away in case somebody shows up and they open the door, it is locked, and so it is set with a trigger with a string or something to shoot the intruder, that is not appropriate.    But would it be appropriate in cyber space to set up--and is it possible to set up a system where you are hacked by XYZ country or company, the Federal Government or what have you, that there is a response that is elicited by that attack that does something similar to what happened to Aramco's computer which rendered them useless? I mean, is that a possibility? Would that be something that would be appropriate or is contemplated?    Mr. Perry. Thank you, Mr. Richmond.    So when you talk about attribution, much like what Mr. Richmond was thinking, I was thinking of, you know, if your computer, if your network, has our data--and I like the land mine concept, but, essentially, it is self-actuating or maybe it can be actuated by somebody on our side of the fence, so to speak, that there are consequences.    I am trying to think about how and maybe why I care whether somebody that didn't necessarily do the hack, so to speak, has the latest plans or the plans to our latest fighter or our personnel data. Do I care how they got them or why they got them? They are not supposed to have them. They are critical to us.    What does it hurt to just obliterate their system and make it nonfunctional as a consequence and maybe even everybody down the line, if that becomes an issue? Do hackers steal information and then store it on somebody else's computer?    Mr. Perry. So is there no way--I mean, I think over time, with your indulgence, Mr. Chairman, the investigators follow the thread back through the botnet computer--right?--to find the original source. I mean, if that capability exists now, why can't the capability go along with it that follows the thread back to the origination and then takes care of business where it occurred?    Mr. Perry. Thank you, Mr. Chair. I yield.