    Mr. Scott. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Today, we will discuss the private school choice initiatives that have proliferated throughout the country for the last 20 years.    As you know, educational funds provided by the Federal Government do not exist in a vacuum. Drastic cuts in general education budgets in a number of states threaten the ability to fully implement initiatives to improve the quality of education for students nationwide.    Today, we have before us yet another challenge to the limited pool of funding, one that serves to divert public funds to subsidize the private education of a relatively small number of children at the expense of a larger majority attending public schools.    More broadly, the legacy of ESEA that improvements in education support a basic civil right and should benefit all of our children--that concept is at risk.    Private school choice programs, be they vouchers or tax credits and educational savings accounts, purport to be part of that same legacy. They also claim to provide the neediest children with the ability to make a choice to attend higher performing schools beyond their means.    State-collected data show that more than two-thirds of the students in the Wisconsin Choice Program and about half of the Indiana voucher recipients were enrolled in private schools before they received the voucher. Instead of providing a choice to students in underperforming schools, these programs are using public money to pay tuition for students already in private schools.    Mr. Chairman, in the early 1990s, this committee had a subcommittee hearing in Wisconsin, and information we gleaned from that hearing showed that the cost of covering those who were already in private schools, the cost of providing them with a voucher, would have diverted the equivalent of about $25,000 per classroom into private vouchers, denying the people in public schools that benefit.    In addition to these programs not serving a population they were legislatively created to support, once advertised as protecting a civil right for low-income families and their children, private school choice programs in Wisconsin, North Carolina, and Florida are raising eligibility requirements to emaking tuition assistance available to those from much higher income brackets.    The impact of these changes is not readily apparent considering that not all programs require schools to accept vouchers as full tuition compensation. The family well below the poverty level faces limitations in the choice of schools available to them - limitations that families with more resources do not suffer.    An example of this can be found right here in our nation's capital where over half of the participants in the D.C. Opportunity Program are enrolled in just 8 out of 50 schools. Tuition at these schools is entirely covered by the voucher, but less than a quarter of all available schools have viable options, and the idea that parents have a real choice must be called into question.    Once families overcome barriers to admissions due to financial concerns, private school choice sleave them and their students without the protections required of public school systems enforced by federal statutes.    Studies have indicated that students in voucher programs are less likely to have equitable access to key services such as ESOL and special education, services that private schools in many states are not obligated to provide.    Regarding attrition in programs like Wisconsin's Parental School Choice Program, one study found that those who leave by choice or otherwise tend to be the more disadvantaged than those who remain.    Families are enrolling in private schools with the expectation that they will provide greater academic outcomes for their families and their children but sadly, this is frequently not the case. Evidence of private schools participating in choice programs increasing academic achievement compared to public schools is limited. number of studies in Cleveland, Milwaukee, and Washington, D.C. found no positive effects on student achievement as a result of participation. In fact, participation in scholarship programs in Louisiana was found to have a substantial negative effect on academic achievement in math, reading, science, and social studies.    Today, we are left discussing the false choice for families in need, one that puts at risk the idea of our shared future successes, which is most certain when we invest in equitable education and educational opportunities for all students, and this may threaten the basic civil rights protections of the students that we are trying to protect.    Mr. Chairman, I look forward to the testimony of our witnesses, and yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Scott. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Before I begin questioning, I would like to submit three letters for the record by national groups in opposition to using public funds for private schools. One from the National School Boards Association, one from Americans United for Separation of Church and State, and a final one from the National Coalition for Public Education.    Mr. Scott. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I would also like to make a comment about portability because that has been, I think, misunderstood. This committee already rejected the idea of using Title I funds in private schools, and we also ended up rejecting the idea that the money ``followed the child.'' Well, the money already follows the child. The formula is based on the number of children you have in a particular school.    When you have a straight per capita calculation, you lose the plus up that is in Title I for concentrations of poverty. If you have 15 percent poverty, you get a little more. If you have 30 percent poverty, you get a little more. When you go to a straight per capita allocation, you lose that plus up for poverty, which has the effect of moving money from very low income areas to very high income areas.    We want to make sure that people understand what ``portability'' meant, and we ended up keeping the formula where it is so that those high concentrations of poverty get more money, and that is the original intent of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act.    Mr. Huerta, we have had studies that show that basically public school choice on average is average. Can you make a comment on that, some are better, some are worse, and on average, they are average?    Mr. Scott. Thank you. I have several other questions I want to get in before my time has expired. Do you have evidence to show what portion--you talk about an opportunity, what portion of the students getting vouchers today would already be in private school?    Mr. Scott. How many people that get vouchers today would already have been in private school even without the voucher.    Mr. Scott. Is it a school's choice or a student's choice? Do many schools have the opportunity to accept who they want?