    Mr. Desaulnier. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I want to thank all the witnesses, and like Mr. Pocan, I think sometimes as somebody who opened my first business--I am going to date myself--in the 1970s, and I did it with my wife, Mr. Beebe. Although we are still very good friends and we are former's, I am not sure I would ever suggest that I would prefer a welder or another cook as opposed to having her on the payroll, but there were moments.    I wanted to direct a question to you because you brought something up which I often think as a former small business person is an appropriate approach. You mentioned a small business acting in good faith should have some consideration for that.    The opposite of that always bothered me as well, where I knew I was competing against companies that were not complying with OSHA requirements or were not paying their employees what they were supposed to pay or wage theft.    I wonder if you have some comment on that. I understand we all want the right kind of regulatory oversight to allow you to thrive, but on the other hand, in the absence of it in my estimation, being effective, you get frustrated when you do comply that you are competing against companies that flout those rules mostly because, in my experience, there were not enough resources for government agencies actually to enforce the regulations, or your competitor just did not have a very ethical business model.    Mr. Desaulnier. I asked you speaking for yourself.    Mr. Desaulnier. Maybe it was more frequent in the restaurant business. I do not disagree with you. Most of them are, but the problem is the ones that do not comply--I am showing my age--seem to be growing. Their inability for whatever reason always bothered me.    Ms. Owens, in an environment, and we have talked a little bit about this, where 66 percent of the American workforce lives paycheck to paycheck, and while I think it is important we talk about unemployment rates, to have the ability to actually live a life where you can afford to pay your housing costs and actually have disposable income.    In that context, two questions. I wonder if you will just respond in terms of regulatory, and also in the same spirit as I mentioned to Mr. Beebe, the cost/benefit of the lack of regulations, do we analyze that when we do have sort of a drive to the bottom in some instances.    Those two things, sort of the macro, in this environment, of all things, you would think you would be working to make sure that workers are protected and their wages are actually increased given that they--of all the benefits in the last 30 years, in the economy, including recovery, most of that has gone to people who are heavily invested as opposed to people who are living on wages.    Mr. Desaulnier. I appreciate it. We have an environment where American workers are more productive than ever, particularly because of the entrance of women in the workforce, like Mr. Beebe's wife, but at the same time they have not shared in the wealth created by that productivity.    Mr. Desaulnier. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.