    Dr. May. Thank you for the opportunity to appear before you today to present the President's Fiscal Year 2016 budget request for the National Institute of Standards and Technology, NIST, whose mission is to promote U.S. innovation and industrial competitiveness by advancing measurement science standards and technology in ways that enhance our economic security and improve our quality of life. The budget reflects NIST's important role in establishing and addressing the Nation's top scientific and technical challenges that will indeed foster the innovation that creates jobs and strengthens the U.S. economy.    Specifically, the President has proposed a budget for NIST of $1.1 billion that we--as we have heard earlier. This is a $256 million increase in the 2015-enacted level. The budget will support U.S. manufacturers, aid our communities in recovering from disasters, and improve the ways that we connect to the world around us from online banking transactions to using technology to effectively and efficiently manage the smart grid to support the implementation of smart cities.    The largest portion of the requested increase, $194.4 million, focuses on U.S.-based manufacturing. This includes research in the NIST labs, support for the Hollings Marine--Hollings Manufacturing Extension Partnership, MEP, and a new request for the National Network for Manufacturing Innovation, or NNMI.    The NIST laboratories represent the core of our mission. Our researchers conduct world-class research that advances the Nation's technological infrastructure and helps U.S. companies continually improve their products and services. The basic research in the NIST laboratories has garnered five Nobel prizes over the last 18 years, a Kyoto Prize in material science, two National Medals of Science, and over 100 other national and international scientific awards and prizes.    NIST conducts more applied research in the standards area in areas of national and global importance including but not limited to cybersecurity, advanced communications, advanced manufacturing, advanced materials, and strengthening the science that underpins the forensic data and information used to make decisions in our criminal justice system.    The Fiscal Year 2016 budget request for--on Standards and Technology Research Services account is for $754.7 million. This is an increase of $79.2 million over the 2015 budget, and this is to grow our capacity in advanced manufacturing, cybersecurity and privacy for our nation's growing digital economy and for the fundamental measurement science and technology that is critical to U.S. innovation and improved quality of life.    The increase will also provide for continued operation of our world-class Center for Neutron Research and will strengthen our efforts to support the Nation's community disaster resilience programs.    Madame Chairwoman, NIST Industrial Technology Services appropriations supports our External Partnership programs designed to enhance American innovation and global competitiveness through partnerships at the state and local level. For ITS account the Fiscal Year 2016 request is for $306 million. That is a $167 million increase and we recognize that. $150 million of that would support the establishment of the NNMI that we have heard about envisioned to be a globally diverse set of regional hubs coordinated by NIST to accelerate the development and adoption of new cutting-edge manufacturing technologies.    The major portion of this amount is to establish two manufacturing innovation institutes to address the advanced manufacturing needs identified by industry. The eight institutes that have been identified to date are focused on U.S. Government agency needs, namely those of the DOD and the DOE. The ITS report also supports an $11 million increase--$11 million to increase the ability of our MEP centers to service small, rural, and young companies.    Our construction budget request is for $59 million. It represents an $8.7 million over 2015. Simply put, the aging and deteriorating buildings and infrastructure on our two campuses are beginning to threaten our ability to accomplish our mission.    Dr. May. I think each of us is going to answer this a little different, so here is my spin on this.    When I came to NIST 43 years ago we had 3,000 employees. We--actually we had 3,300. Today, with all of the new assignments and the growth in the organization, we have 3,000 employees, less than we had then, but we have 3,500 associates. These are people who work on our campus almost on a daily basis that are not employees that we interact with. So we have changed our interaction platform considerably.    We have associates from industry, from academia, from other government laboratories, some foreign laboratories. A large portion of those are with our students, postdocs and students who spend time on our campus. We are also gaining new capabilities that we need to carry out our mission and do some of the new activities that I heard many of you speak about through something called joint institutes or centers of excellence that we are establishing with the university sector.    So as we are growing our program, addressing the new challenges that we are being asked by the Administration, the Congress, and industry to take on, we are not doing that by hiring more federal employees; we are doing more collaborations and using the talents in the university system and the private sector to work with us to deliver our mission.    Chairwoman Comstock. Okay. Thank you.    And I would ask any of you, if you have additional examples because those examples are always very helpful for us to really have the object lessons on how this is impacting, so thank you.    And I did--my time is up but I did want to maybe for the record ask about regulatory and reporting burdens that might--you know, we have heard that from the universities and researchers and any of those things that might limit your ability to target the resources to the best use, and if you would like to identify any of those for us for the record.    So now I will recognize our Ranking Member Lipinski for his questions.    Dr. May. Well, there is a lot of pent-up demand. There is more than 135 needs that have been identified by NIST, and as I said earlier, there are eight institutes that have been stood up and they are mainly stood up to address the needs that were coherent with the needs of the Department of Defense and the Department of Energy.    What are the specific needs that we address? Once we--when and if we have funding in '16, we will begin a process to winnow down those unmet needs and have plans to move forward and establish two institutes going forward and then begin processing those needs that we have, allowing additional input obviously to--and then set up a plan for setting up additional institutes in the out years.    Dr. May. Excuse the analogy but we are looking to pick the best horse and the best jockey.    Dr. May. We don't care where that horse and jockey comes from.    Dr. May. So we expect to make merit-based decisions.    Dr. May. Well, certainly the MEP program is a program that is currently authorized that reaches down and touches small and midsized manufacturers. Right now, we are undergoing a reshuffling of the deck if you will in the MEP program to try to do a better job of rightsizing the funding for the individual centers to the manufacturing ecosystem that they sit in. Initially for the--most of the MEP grants were made more than ten years ago. The world has changed a lot in the last ten years so we are right now trying to--we have just completed the re-competition for 10 centers. We will do an additional at least 10 States. We will do an additional 12 this year to try to make sure we can make sure that the federal contribution to the state is congruent with the needs of that particular manufacturing community.    Dr. May. I would say that--well, NIST is not operating by itself in this space----    Dr. May. I apologize. We don't operate alone in this space. I mean you have heard some of the things that NSF does. Even within the Department of Commerce there are equities when--in     Dr. May. --since they predict the weather and they look at the coastal environment, the Economic Development Agency, the Minority Business Development Agency, so we are all working together. But the unique thing that NIST does is sort of looks at what our science and engineering investigations can do to influence regulations and codes that might support the built environment. And speaking to recent activities in your area of the country, we have not dispatched a team there yet because one of the guidelines we have is that there is some new occurrence where we can glean things, so we don't go out like FEMA anytime there is an emergency. Our engagements are highly measured.    But certainly what will happen and would happen is we would look at what changes are there in the climate or whatever that would warrant scientific investigations that might need to have changes in the building codes and so forth to better protect the built environment.