    Mr. GIBSON. Chairman Chabot, Ranking Member Velaazquez, and members of the Committee, thank you for inviting the Associated General Contractors of America to testify on reforms to the Federal Government's contracting laws important to our industry.    My name is Randy Gibson. I am president of Whitesell-Green, Incorporated, a small business based in Pensacola, Florida, providing general contracting and design-build service to Department of Defense and other federal agency clients throughout the Southeastern region of the United States.    Since our founding in 1970, my company has constructed over 400 heavy commercial projects, resulting in nearly one billion dollars in completed contracts.    While my written testimony covers all the topics for today's hearing, I will use the time allotted today to address the need for Congress to (1) prohibit all federal agencies from procuring construction services through reverse auctions; and (2) encourage sensitive consideration of past performance records in joint venture and teaming context.    AGC strongly supports full and open competition for construction contracts; however, reverse auctions for constructions services have the effect of turning away qualified and experienced contractors, especially small business firms like mine, for a host of reasons. Procurement of construction services is different than for manufactured goods like pens and paper. Construction services are complex, most often requiring the participation of numerous trade subcontractors and vendors in lower-tier arrangements with the general contractor. They are project-specific and inherently variable. And they require a large degree of professional expertise.    In a reverse auction, nonprice factors of consequence to the owner, such as quality of relationship, past performance, scheduling, long-term maintenance, and unique needs are deemphasized by the process. In a reverse auction, a bidder has no incentive to offer its best price. Winning bids may simply be an established increment below the second lowest bid, not the lowest responsible and responsive price. In a reverse auction, discipline is difficult to maintain. General contractors can underbid the contract simply to win the award, putting the government at significant risk to receive lower quality construction and even contractor default. This also exposes subcontractors to risk for nonpayment.    It is my belief that AGC's position on reverse auctions is shared by other important stakeholders to the procurement process. The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, the White House Office of Federal Procurement Policy, and even the largest reverse auction vendor to the Federal Government, FedBid, have all publicly stated that reverse auctions for construction are not appropriate. Yet, agencies like the Department of Veterans Affairs, the Department of the Interior, and the General Services Administration continue to conduct them. Considering this inconsistency, AGC urges members of this Committee and Congress to enact a law that prohibits reverse auction procurement for construction services government-wide.    Turning to the joint venture and teaming issue, AGC and its members are increasingly finding that federal agencies will disqualify small businesses from competition when they seek to partner with another business for the first time. In an environment where agencies are bundling contracts worth upwards of $100 million, and specifically setting them aside for small business, it is often beyond the capacity of a small business alone to bond and perform such large-dollar projects. Consequently, small businesses, like my firm, often seek to partner with other small or nonsmall businesses to win such awards.    Some federal agencies are not allowing small businesses and their partners to submit the relevant past experience of each individual company to prove qualification for the contract. Rather, agencies demand that the small business and partner submit only past experience that they have performed together, or otherwise be disqualified from consideration. This limitation often prevents the governments from receiving the benefit of project-specific experiences and resources which the first-time collaboration of these teams may offer.    AGC strongly supports a sensible legislative solution to ensure that federal agencies reasonably consider the individual past performances of construction contractors seeking to joint venture or team, even if they are teaming for the first time.    Thank you again for the opportunity to testify. I look forward to answering your questions to the best of my abilities.    Mr. GIBSON. Taking from my own experience, sir, as a small business, I would say the way to invite more firms to get interested and involved in federal contracting would be to hopefully take some of the regulations away that sometimes deter firms from entering the marketplace. And also to enhance the teaming and partnering ideas that we have been talking about in my testimony today. Lots of times a firm needs a mentor or somebody who has been in the federal construction process. Allowing them to team, show their own qualifications, share the qualifications of their partner, get involved, learn the ropes, that would be an opportunity for them to ease their way into the marketplace.    Mr. GIBSON. Yes, ma'am. As a construction contractor, I can tell you that you might have what you think is the lowest price at time of award but it is the price you pay at the outcome that determines the real price of the job. If you have losses, if you have under proposals in there, they are going to come to life during the performance of that contract, and they are going to cause the government buyer a lot of problems. So I think it is putting up a smokescreen as to what real cost is when you invite that type of imprudent bidding.    And I will give you one example. As a construction contractor, most typical jobs I bid involve about 30 to 50 crafts, other companies coming to me to offer their services, 5 to 10 offers in each craft. There are several hundred people offering prices on bid day. Sixty percent of those prices come in within the last two hours prior to the bid deadline. So in the reverse auction process, how does the contractor have the opportunity to go back to those people and say, `` Can you do better?'' He is making a guess, and those guesses end up costing the government in the long run.    Mr. GIBSON. Ma'am, I have to tell you that I am not a surety expert. I have had the relationship with my same surety for 40 years, one surety. So I know very little about their operations. I trust the solid company that I have been working with for 40 years, and I would prefer to defer to somebody else on the panel that might be able to talk about those distinctions.    Mr. GIBSON. Well, thanks, Mr. Chairman.    Just to start off, to both chairman and ranking member, I am excited to join the Committee. Looking forward to our work together. Small business, a huge part of upstate New York. And so to get this opportunity to provide a voice for our small business owners is a real privilege.    Good session here. I am learning quite a bit and I appreciate the comments. Definitely taking notes here with regard to reverse auction, the bidding process, and how we are proceeding with protests, insights that you are providing for improvements.    I am going to make a couple of observations of things that I have heard in my time moving around the 19th Congressional District and somewhat informed by the 29 years I had in uniform before I came to Congress. I would be interested in your commentary or perhaps policy recommendations that may be able to address some of these things. I do not think there will be anything surprising about what I am going to mention here. Just given your expertise, I would love to hear if you have some thoughts on how we could change law or insights on regulation to do better.    The first is, I had a company in Kingston that I thought was really doing excellent work with regard to protection for our troops. Body armor and protection of both people and equipment. But they were having a hard time getting the attention of the DoD. And so sort of the first phenomenon, is there something about the processes, RFP and whatnot, that would cast a net a little wider and allow for small businesses who are doing really creative stuff, to make sure that they knew what the government was looking for, and for the government to get a better appreciation or even situational awareness on what small businesses are doing; number one.    And number two is somewhat related. I have, and I do not think this is an epiphinal comment, but one of the value added of small businesses is that you really see agility. You see responsiveness and you see boldness in terms of pulling things together. Then the issue becomes one of scale. You go ahead and you really hit it and you hit it well, but then how do you compete? What I saw in my time in the military is it almost seemed like the DoD would rather safe side it and go to a bigger company, even if they might have been impressed with some of the ideas of a smaller company, because they did not want to take on the risk. And so there was this issue of scale. I do not know, maybe there is a finer point on design build on this score, but I would be interested in anyone from the panel commenting on those two general points. And then if you have any policy recommendations, I would love to hear them.    Mr. GIBSON. I can just speak from personal experience on your scale issue. As a small business contractor, I have observed an inclination over the past several years for the purchasing agencies of the government to prefer the larger contractors. I actually had it said to me by agency representatives that they think they are buying down risk when they hire the larger contractors. And we have had to be creative to work--as a small business, to work around that. We have had to go outside of our marketplace, our custom marketplace to find work.    Mr. GIBSON. Absolutely the same. We support all of those, and have added that to our testimony as well today.    Mr. GIBSON. Yes. And I would say that we are here talking about small businesses. That loophole is very dangerous for small businesses who are thinking about getting into the Federal Marketplace. You do not want to step into the Federal Marketplace without a solid surety behind you, and you cannot get a solid surety unless you are solid yourself financially. So this Committee should help protect small businesses by closing that loophole.