    Mr. Gallego. Thank you, Mr. Chair. This question is for Ms. Walden.    I have to say, I am a little puzzled by this gathering. This is supposed to be a hearing about public lands at the border, but one of the witnesses barely mentions public land and the testimony is mostly about other problems with border management. Another witness talked about an incident, a scary incident, no doubt, but an incident that did not appear to happen on public lands. Half of the testimony of the third witness has nothing to do with being close to the border, but just about how we should be cutting down our national forests. So, it does make me wonder, ``What is the agenda here? '' But we will try to work together on that.    Ms. Walden, in your testimony you describe some of the effects of the existing 700 miles of fence and wall. Some on the other side of the aisle have expressed support for a bigger wall, a 35- to 50-foot wall along the entire Southern border. But would a bigger wall actually stop these unauthorized border crossings?    Mr. Gallego. Thank you.    Mr. Andrew, I have seen estimates that constructing a wall could cost upwards of $25 billion. Since my colleagues on the other side of the aisle cannot seem to find money to help ease some of the humanitarian crises among, for example, our people in Puerto Rico; they cannot find $1.9 billion just to fight Zika, which is clearly a problem that is coming over the border; and cannot pass a budget even when the top-line budget number was already settled last year, I am going to guess that they would not be able to find over $25 billion for a 2,000-mile wall. So, that leaves Mexico, as we keep hearing in the Presidential election.    In all the interactions you have had with CBP, who could not be here today because the Republicans have slashed their funding, according to the letter they sent to the Chairman in response to the invitation to testify, have you ever heard anyone from the agency or from DHS talk about how they are going to pay for that wall?    Mr. Gallego. OK. Well, I hope the next time we have a scattershot hearing like this, we can at least invite Mexico, so that we can hear them describe why they want to build a wall around their border, or how they will fund it. Or we could invite Mr. Trump. And I yield back.