    Mr. Rohrabacher. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman. When we come to this issue and we look at this, it behooves us to open our hearts and try to come up with a formula that is going to help those people who are who are most in need and people whose lives are most in jeopardy. And, unfortunately--and I am just going to have to say, and I will try not to make this political--but our President has not come to the standard that I believe is adequate to deal with this horrible situation and the challenge that we face in the Middle East. It could be the guy's unable to say ``radical Islamic terrorism,'' even after our Ambassador was slaughtered and murdered in Benghazi, and he hasn't been able to say those words since.    And we have been on him because of that, but that mindset will have implications, and it has implications in the issues that we are talking today. We have innocent people by the hundreds of thousands, if not by the millions, who are in jeopardy of being slaughtered in the same way the Jews were slaughtered during the Holocaust.    And when I look at the figures of the people who are being permitted into this country right now under this administration, the Christians who are the basic target, the most vocalized target of these radical Muslims who are there who are involved with this terrorist activity, the Christians are underrepresented in the number of immigrants in terms of refugees and in terms of people who are actually immigrating from those countries in which they have been targeted for genocide. This is wrong. This is absolutely wrong. It is like sending the Jews back and saying: We are going to have a more open policy because of the Nazis, but the Jews aren't going to be able to come in.    I would hope that we as Americans, both Republicans, Democrats, and this administration and this Congress, recognize we are in a moment now where we are defining ourselves, and we need to make sure that when Christians are under the threat of genocide, that they should have some priority over those other people in those countries that are not targets of genocide. And this isn't some sort of discrimination against Muslims or anybody else or Shiites or anybody else, but let's recognize that that is what is going on and that is what the threat is and deal with the threat and not try to have a debate that is sanitized over here in theory.    So I am very pleased, and I am grateful to Congressman Smith, who, again, has demonstrated his total commitment to human rights of every person on this planet and how he commits himself to these issues.    Chairman Smith, I would suggest that we again, and today we are reaffirming that we hear ISIL when they say that they are going to slaughter all the Christians. We hear them when they make proclamations of genocide against Christians and, yes, Yazidis as well and others as well, but specifically to the Christians and the Yazidis, and that we will then make sure that we mobilize, and we help mobilize the American people, which is what this hearing is all about, to save the Christians from genocide. It is up to us. I don't want future generations to look back on this generation of Americans and say: They closed their ears because they had clinical analysis to do whether or not you could single out one group that is being targeted for genocide for preferential treatment in terms of immigration and refugee status. I don't want to hear that, which resulted in hundreds of thousands or maybe millions of Christians dying in the Middle East.    Let's get serious about this. I appreciate this opportunity to join you, Mr. Chairman, in this very moral effort to make sure our country is practical and is courageous enough to handle this challenge, this moral challenge of our day, to save the people who are being targeted for genocide. Thank you very much.