    Mr. Luetkemeyer. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. It is kind of interesting that we have a TV show now, CSI Cyber. It is interesting that we have come that far.    I want to follow up a little bit on Mr. Mulvaney's remarks with regard to the security of information. But I want to approach it a little bit differently, from a standpoint of sharing the information between the various entities. How much individual information is being shared between the different groups that are involved here whether it be law enforcement, whether it be the EFT transaction folks, the securities, banks, whatever? How much individual information is being shared there? None, a lot, everything?    Mr. Luetkemeyer. That is the point I want to get to here is that when we--you talked about information-sharing, the people watching this hearing today, the radar goes up like, oh, my gosh, the NSA is watching and now we have all these cyber guys out here watching. So I think it is important that you clarify that from a standpoint this is not individual information that you are sharing. This is more transactional activity that is being monitored by some outside group, and you are sharing that kind of information. Is that--    Mr. Luetkemeyer. Okay. Along that line, how much sharing goes on between industries? In other words, between the financials--the banks, the credit unions, the insurance companies, financial or securities folks. Between the industries, is there this information going on or only just between bank to bank or credit union to credit union, or insurance companies to insurance company? Can anybody elaborate on that?    Mr. Luetkemeyer. Okay.    Mr. Luetkemeyer. Okay, very good. Thank you.    Along those lines, one of the reasons that we are having a hearing today is not only to determine the kinds of threats that are out there and what else going on, but also what tools do you need in your toolbox to be able to fight this? Are there legal impediments--in other words, does Congress get some ability here to help you? Are there things that we need--that are in place right now that are hurting you? Are there things that we need to put on you to stop some of the stuff you are doing that may be beyond your scope or beyond what we really need to be involved in. It is kind of a long question.    But I think if you can give me an idea if you think there are some things that we can do to tweak the law or I am sure we haven't found a whole lot to probably go after anybody on, but along those lines.    Mr. Luetkemeyer. Perfect. I see my time is about up. I will yield back, Mr. Chairman. Thank you very much.