    Chairman CHABOT. Good morning. While I am beginning my 19th year as a member of the Small Business Committee, this is my first hearing as chairman. In that capacity, I look forward to working with my friend and colleague, the ranking member, Ms. Velaazquez, and all of my colleagues on both sides of the aisle in an effort to improve the plight of American small businesses. I am particularly pleased to see that we will begin that endeavor today by discussing a subject that has much promise for small businesses and taxpayers alike, federal contracting reform.    As you know, the government has a goal of awarding at least 23 percent of federal prime contract dollars to small businesses, and in Fiscal Year 2013, we met that goal for the first time in many years. Early indications are that we met the goal again last year. However, it is not enough to simply meet the goal; we have to focus on why Congress created those goals in the first place.    The goals exist as a tool. They are intended to make sure we have a broad spectrum of small businesses working with the government across industries. Having a healthy small business industrial base means the taxpayers benefit from increased competition, innovation, and job creation. It also means that we can securely support programs crucial to our national defense. The percentage of dollars awarded to small businesses is a good measure of success, but it is not the only measure. Indeed, it appears that over the last four years, while the percentage of dollars being awarded to small businesses was increasing, the number of contract actions with small businesses fell by almost 60 percent. At the Department of Defense, the number fell by almost 70 percent. The size of the average individual small business contract action increased by 230 percent during that same period, and by nearly 290 percent at DoD. These statistics are all alarming in their own way, but one of the more clear cut and disturbing figures is that there are over 100,000 fewer small businesses registered to do business with the Federal Government than there were in 2012. These data points suggest we have a problem with our small business industrial base.    Today's witnesses are going to address specific recommendations to improve the competitive viability of our small business contractors. This is only the first of a series of Full Committee and Subcommittee hearings we will be having on this topic. As chairman, I expect that the Committee will actively pursue ways to increase opportunities for small businesses to access capital and contracts, while removing barriers to small business success. And I am quite confident that our Subcommittee chair, Mr. Hanna, and his Subcommittee on Contracting and Workforce, will be thoroughly exploring this issue in the very near future. And I look forward to working with each of you and want to welcome our witnesses here this morning.    I now would yield to the ranking member for the purpose of making an opening statement.    Chairman CHABOT. Thank you. The gentlelady yields back. And if Committee members have opening statements prepared, I would ask that they submit them for the record.    And I would like to take just a moment to explain the time rules that we operate under here, which is the same that the other Committees do. It is the five-minute rule. You will have five minutes to testify. We will have five minutes, each of us, to ask questions. We even have a lighting system set up for that. The green light will come up. You can talk for four minutes. The yellow light comes on to let you know you have one minute to wrap up. When the red light comes on, we would ask that you try to terminate your testimony as close to that as possible. So we give you a little leeway, but not much. I appreciate your cooperation.    And I will now introduce our first witness, who is Randall Gibson--or Randy Gibson, our son's name; not Gibson, but Randy--who is president of Whitesell-Green, Inc., a general contractor in Pensacola, Florida. He is also the chairman of the Associated General Contractors (AGC), Naval Facilities Engineering Command Committee, and a member of the United States Army Corps of Engineers Committee. He is testifying today on behalf of AGC.    We thank you for being here, and you are recognized for five minutes.    Chairman CHABOT. Thank you very much. And thank you for staying within the time constraints.    Our next witness is James Hoffman, who is president of Summer Consultants, Inc., in McLean, Virginia. Prior to starting with Summer over 22 years ago, Mr. Hoffman served as a platoon leader and company executive officer in the 317th Engineer Battalion in the United States Army. He is testifying on behalf of the American Council of Engineering Companies.    We thank you for being here today. We thank you for your service, and you are recognized for five minutes.    Chairman CHABOT. Thank you very much for your testimony.    I would now like to introduce our next witness, John McNerney, who is general counsel of the Mechanical Contractors Association of America, the MCAA. The MCAA represents about 2,500 firms involved in heating, air conditioning, refrigeration, plumbing, piping, and mechanical service. We thank you for your testimony here that you will be giving this morning, and you are recognized for five minutes.    Chairman CHABOT. Thank you very much. I appreciate your testimony.    I would like to yield to the ranking member.    Chairman CHABOT. Thank you, Mr. Hunter. We thank all the panel members for their excellent testimony here this morning. And I will begin with myself with five minutes of questioning.    How can we get more small business construction companies to compete for federal work as either prime contractors of subcontractors? And Mr. Gibson, if you do not mind, I will start with you. And anybody else that would like to weigh in is welcome to do so.    Chairman CHABOT. Thank you very much.    Mr. Hoffman, did you want to weigh in on that?    Mr. McNerney?    Chairman CHABOT. Okay. Thank you.    Mr. Hunter, did you want to weigh in?    Chairman CHABOT. Okay. Thank you.    Let us see, Mr. Hoffman, I think I will start off with you on this one. Some would argue that by only having five teams submit full bids on a design build project we are limiting competition. Could you explain why the two-step process is actually pro-competition? Arguably pro-competition?    Chairman CHABOT. Thank you.    And then I will have each of you just address this very briefly, if you would. If you could just tell us legislatively what you would like to see us do; if there were one or two things that we could do that would really make a difference? Maybe I will start with Mr. Hunter this time and go in the opposite direction.    Mr. Hunter, if you want to suggest one or two things.    Chairman CHABOT. I would go with Mr. Gibson's reducing the regulations basically.    Chairman CHABOT. Okay. Mr. McNerney?    Chairman CHABOT. In order to enforce my five-minute rules against myself, I am going to cut it off at that point. And I will either talk with you briefly or in a second round or we will get back to it. But I now recognize the ranking member for five minutes.    Chairman CHABOT. The gentlelady's time has expired.    The gentleman from New York, Mr. Hanna, is recognized for five minutes.    Chairman CHABOT. The gentleman's time has expired.    The gentlelady from California, Ms. Chu, is recognized for five minutes.    Chairman CHABOT. The gentlelady's time is expired.    The gentleman from New York, Mr. Gibson, is recognized for five minutes.    Chairman CHABOT. The gentleman's time has expired. Thank you, gentleman.    We will go to a second round at this time, and I will recognize myself for five minutes. I am not sure if I am going to take the whole five minutes.    But my last question in the previous round, I had asked what legislatively would you like us to do, and we heard from Mr. Hunter and Mr. McNerney, so I would like to give Mr. Hoffman and Gibson an opportunity to suggest what maybe legislatively you would like to see us take up. I will prompt you by giving a couple of bills that I know that we are considering now, and I think you may be somewhat familiar with. One is Chairman Hanna's bill relative to surety bonds. And another is H.R. 2750, which is a design build bill; H.R. 2751, which has to do with reverse auctions. These were in the last Congress introduced, and I am sure we will be working on them this Congress as well. Another was the nonmanufacturing rule and also teaming and joint venture legislation. So those are some of the things. So you can either comment on those if you would like to or other things if you would like to bring to our attention, what you would actually like to see us do. And maybe I will begin with either one of you.    Mr. Hoffman, do you want to go?    Chairman CHABOT. Okay. You cannot be much more specific than that. Thank you.    Mr. Gibson?    Chairman CHABOT. Okay. Thank you very much.    I think I am going to stop there. I got the answer I wanted, so thank you.    I will now yield to the gentlelady from New York, the ranking member, Ms. Velaazquez.    Chairman CHABOT. The gentlelady yields back.    The gentleman from New York, Mr. Hanna, is recognized.    Chairman CHABOT. Thank you very much. The gentleman's time has expired.    We want to thank all of the witnesses for their participation here this morning. It has been very helpful I think to the Committee. The testimony we heard I believe shows that there are changes this Committee can make to improve the competitive viability of small construction and A&E contractors and improve the health of our industrial base. We look forward to working closely I think on this issue and all issues.    And I want to ask unanimous consent that members have five legislative days to submit statements and supporting materials for the record.    Without objection, so ordered. And if there is no further business to come before the Committee, we are adjourned.    Thank you.