    Mr. KELLY. Mr. Chairman, thank you for holding this hearing, and I thank all of you witnesses for being here. I thank you for your testimony today.    It is frustrating to me. I am new here, and so I still have friends back home that do not know anything about the legislative process, and quite frankly do not want to know anything about the legislative process, and I may join them one day. It is frustrating when you have agency after agency after agency that in the name of trying to help people are continuing to hurt not only the small businesses but also the end user, the customer, the consumer whose prices continue to go up. Whether we are talking about the CFPB or EPA or OSHA or NLRB, they continue to pile on regulations, quite frankly, even to the point that recently there are lobbying groups to support their rules on the front end, which is illegal in some cases. Even when you tell them it is illegal, and I have actually had this in the Ag hearing where they say, ``well, I think they misinterpreted the law''. I think the courts are wrong. The courts did not really mean that. They are wrong in the ruling that they have. We are going to ignore that. We have agencies that are out of control. We need good regulation in government. I think everyone in the panel would agree with that. We need reasonable regulation, and we need regulation that prevents cheaters, but we do not need burdens on our backs. Fifty thousand dollars a year is a lot of money in Mississippi, where I live. We cannot afford $15 an hour, especially when it is a graduated scale where you are punishing your hard workers, people like my wife who works, who does not make New York wages, it is difficult. So how do we stop them? Because they put up comment periods. They pay groups to go and comment what they want to say what a great rule it is, either legally or illegally. Groups do that. The number of comments does not equal the number of people it affects, and quite frankly, most small businesses cannot read it, do not have the time to read it, or are not articulate enough to organize to put those right messages on there. How do we stop it in Congress? How do we stop the ridiculous regulations that keep coming? I will just start with you, Ms. Harned, and see, what can we do?    Mr. KELLY. That is one of the things that is really frustrating to me, if I vote wrong and I do things that are stupid, my folks will send me home. I am accountable. If I make too many of the wrong votes or do things the wrong way, I am accountable. I go home. The President is accountable to the people. He is elected by the people, and if he makes the wrong decisions, whoever our next president is, he/she, it does not matter. If they make enough of the wrong decisions, the people will send them home. The same with our Senate. The problem is, these regulatory agencies, they do not even go to jail for breaking the law. There is no accountability whatsoever. They are not elected, they do not care what the people think, and they do not care what the voters think because they do not answer to the voters. They do not answer to the President. They do not answer to the Congress. They do not answer to the courts. They think that they are untouchable, and we have to figure out a way. I do not think any rule or regulation, if it was up to me, none of them, unless they were approved by Congress, would ever be acted into regulation. I do not care the cost because I think we owe a duty, and I think we have to get away from regulators running this country. The fourth branch of government, which I would argue right now until we do something, is the most powerful branch of government in spite of that is not the best thing for this nation. I think there are some really good people who work there. I do not think they are all bad people, and I think people have really good motives. But at the end of the day, I think we have to rule on the amount of excessive regulation. I yield back.