    Mr. McKinley. Two quick questions. One, the CMS has raised its proper payment rate target from fiscal year 2015 to 6.7 percent, from the 5.6 target rate in 2014. Is that a good internal control practice, to raise the target rate?    Mr. McKinley. Yes.    Mr. McKinley. OK. Let me get to the question I had from West Virginia, and it is more of a question, I think, of--perhaps abuse and errors. Let me frame the argument. In West Virginia, \1/3\ of the hospitals we have in West Virginia are critical access hospitals. We are a very rural state. And for nearly 30 years, since the early '80s, West Virginia's critical access hospitals have been using a provider tax to supplement and provide resources for them.    In 2012 CMS hired a different auditor from all of these past 30 years, and this new auditor stepped in and said that process isn't approved anymore, and we are going to go back and--we are auditing you back until 2009, and--trying to recover the money that you previously were working under the idea that this was the appropriate way to go about getting the provider tax revenue coming in. This is going to be an incredible hindrance for these hospitals to provide medical care in rural areas of West Virginia, when we go backwards on them after they were working under the idea that they thought they were working properly.    So we have talked about--can we go forward from here, not go back and try to penalize them for following someone else's advice, that was also with CMS? Now we go forward. We have written letters. We have had conversations with CMS--until recently, but CMS really was disengaged with us. Now these hospitals are all getting invoices 3 years after 2012, when they were told, we are not going to allow that anymore, now in 2015 they are getting invoices that they say they have to pay them within 15 days, or they are going to have the funds withheld.    First, I don't know of any private sector--coming from the private sector--I have got 50 years in the private sector. I have never heard of someone saying, if you don't pay within 15 days, we are taking it out of your hide. That just doesn't work. There are no details on these invoices. And when they have asked, can we get the details of what this invoice includes, and they say that they can't have it. They are being denied access to what the invoice reflects.    I hope you understand, this kind of smacks of bullying on the part of CMS to rural hospitals. Especially given the fact that they were told to use this, this was OK. And now a new auditor has a different opinion. So do you think CMS is handling this crisis in West Virginia, and probably in other rural areas of this country? Do you think CMS is handling this sensitively and appropriately?    Mr. McKinley. If you would, please. We have been given the runaround. I have never seen so many fingers pointing in different directions. It is not my problem, it is someone else, and we have been trying to pursue that. So if you can help us on that, we will put you on record. OK. You are under oath that you said you were going to help, so----    Mr. McKinley. I will remind you----    Mr. McKinley . Of that in the future. But thank you, because we need to get this resolved. Remember, a third of the hospitals could very well go under if they have to make these payments. Thank you.    Mr. McKinley. Yield back.