    Ms. Norton. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. Saldana, as you heard the questions, some of them are the kinds of questions you would expect certainly from the average Americans, you know, kind of throw the bones out questions. And, of course, if you catch people at the border, that is one thing. If you catch people who have been involved in our criminal justice system, it is another. And I would like to put some of that on the record because part of this is the frustration, forgive me, with due process of law, how it operates, even with respect to people that have been found, yes, to have committed crimes in this Country, but they have been found through our due process court system.    I want to ask you about Section 236 of the Immigration and Nationality Act, about discretionary release. For example, such people who you apprehend may, for example, qualify for bond, is that not the case?    Ms. Norton. Now, if you caught those people at the border, that would be one thing, but they are now in our criminal justice system. And though they are illegal and perhaps shouldn't be here, and perhaps have committed a crime, now they are in the criminal justice system. Under Section 236 of the Immigration Act they qualify for bond the way any other defendant would.    Ms. Norton. Yes, that is an important distinction you make. I am trying to get to the due process question.    Ms. Norton. That is what 236 does.    Ms. Norton. So it says bond. It says that part of due process does apply to these detainees. Now, in these cases, why might it be better for DHS, the detainee, for that matter, and the community at large to release the detainee?    Ms. Norton. Why might it be better to release them.    Ms. Norton. Would you say what some of the factors are in releasing detainees?    Ms. Norton. Can you talk about a flight risk? I mean, is that one?    Ms. Norton. I see.    Ms. Norton. What about the criminal record?    Ms. Norton. Of course, we see in our own criminal justice system how problematic these decisions are made. Many of them are guesstimates, but at least they are on the record based on a record of some considered judgment.    Ms. Norton. Some evidence. And many of the questions you have had this morning assume that based on what we think we already know, and some of that may absolutely turn out to be true, these people should be thrown out of the Country. And I remind my colleagues who over and again refer to the Constitution at-large, but when you get into the nuts and bolts of it, some of it is very frustrating; and one of the most frustrating parts of the Constitution is due process of law.    And what you have explained here today about bond and flight risk is what we see every day in the ordinary criminal justice system, and 236 of the Immigration and Nationality Act that this Congress has passed says that those same factors must be considered by ICE.    I thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. Norton. Look at you now.