    Dr. Murawski. Thank you for the question. I haven't been to Cat Island specifically, but I have spent a considerable amount of time in Barataria Bay, and places like Bay Jimmy, where, as Mr. Graves said, the oil still exists.    One of the phenomena we see there is that most of this oil exists a few feet into the marsh. And what has happened over time is, because of the toxicity of the oil, it actually kills the roots of the marsh grass, and the roots of the marsh grass are basically a matrix that keeps the land in place. So, we have seen accelerated erosion off of those marshes, as the marsh grasses died back. And that certainly is occurring in those places where it is most oiled, and probably occurring on these barrier islands, as well.    Dr. Murawski. Well, honestly, you know, when we talk about the role that the natural world plays in environmental protection, and particularly hurricane protection, the so-called green infrastructure, this has been a very effective way to mitigate the effects of storm surge over time. And we see land use practices that have defeated that.    We can assume that, if this is the cause, that that would accelerate the loss of this, and degrade the green infrastructure protection that we see in storm surge.    Dr. Murawski. I am familiar with the Taylor situation there. And, of course, what that is providing is a chronic moderate-level exposure that is out in the environment. And, as you said, the circumstances are so difficult, it is almost impossible to deal with.    In terms of the implications for an Arctic spill on those lines, the Chukchi Sea is a very difficult place, even without the drilling. So, the effects of a long-term spill like that would be probably devastating to the wildlife and the subsistence livings that people make on the North Slope.    Dr. Murawski. Thank you. The impacts on the fisheries have been varied. We hear a lot of reports on the local scale, particularly in the near-shore areas, where fisheries for crabs, oysters, and the other critters, some of those areas are closed today because of the presence of oil. So that can have a significant impact at the local community level.    When you look at the Gulf of Mexico level, many of the industrial fisheries actually can move around. You know, for example, a shrimp fishery, because of the large closure due to seafood safety concerns, that moved off to Texas. And so the landings in Texas increased, but that reduced the volume of shrimp coming ashore in Louisiana, and particularly Alabama and Mississippi, that had their landings cut by half.    So, in that regard, we see a mobile workforce that is more resilient than a local community, in terms of their fisheries. And that seems to be the way things are playing out.    You mentioned oysters before, and it is an important point to make. If you look at the total level of oyster production in the Gulf of Mexico, it is about what it was before the spill. But what has happened is there has been a major switch between the oyster production from natural beds, as opposed to aquiculture. So, aquiculture production in Louisiana has increased dramatically, and we have many reports of the natural oyster populations being depressed.    Dr. Murawski. That is true. And, as I said in my verbal testimony, it took quite a while for us to realize the full implications of Exxon Valdez: the collapse of the herring stock in Prince William Sound. And, as you mentioned, we have seen repeated year classes of red snapper in the Eastern Gulf declining. It was an improving stock. It's improving in the Western Gulf, but the recruitment seems to be declining in the Eastern Gulf.    We also know that there is a substantial fraction of that oil that is still in the environment, and so it is still having impacts. So, it really is premature for us to conclude things on the sort of macro level----    Dr. Murawski . At this point.    Dr. Murawski. Sorry, let me take the middle question first. In terms of the impacts of dispersants, dispersants are tested with EPA criteria and protocols. EPA is actually revising, taking comments on a revised rule on those testing procedures.    The types of testing they do are to something called the lethal dose 50. That is, at what point do you have a dose that kills 50 percent of the test animals? One of the issues that recurs is the test animals that are used in these standardized tests are not necessarily the most sensitive animals in the real world, particularly in the environment that they were used in the Gulf of Mexico.    We know that, for example, fish eggs and larvae and the larvae of deep corals are much more sensitive to low levels of both oil and dispersants. So, if one really wanted to understand the toxicity of those chemicals, one would do it in a more realistic setting.    The other thing about dispersants is they are what we would call a mildly toxic detergent, right? Taken by themselves, they have certain levels of toxicity, which are considered to be low, and lower than the crude oil. But taken as a binary, the oil and the dispersant itself, they act in combination to create much more toxic mixes, and there have been a number of experiments done since the Deepwater Horizon spill to indicate that.    In terms of the use of dispersants and what consequence it had, as far as the oil goes, as I said before, we know that a substantial amount of the oil lies trapped at the bottom of the sea, due to this marine snow event. We also know that there is oil at the toes of many of these beaches that is bound up with sand. And so, every time there is a large storm in the Gulf, we see tar balls and tar mats coming to shore. And we also see some of the oil in the marsh, as well.    In terms of the dispersants, the individual components degrade rather quickly over time. There are some components that are more persistent. But they are generally, by themselves, not particularly toxic.    In terms of the industry's response in using dispersants, we need to be quite discriminate in their use, particularly since we don't know some of these questions about the impacts on real-world organisms. Certainly the theory there is you are trying to break up oil droplets into tiny bits that are more easily digested by bacteria, and that certainly worked. The real question is, what is the environmental trade-off, fighting those oil spills offshore, as opposed to fighting them on land? And it really is a Hobson's Choice that we have.    Dr. Murawski. The offshore oil--there is no effective way to clean up what lies on the bottom. Much of that is quite deep, and it is somewhat dispersed over a 1,000-square mile area. Trying to clean that up would do more damage than letting it rest and eventually landfill, you know--that is sediment deposits over the top of it. It will keep having impacts on the biota there.    And we know this because we have sampled down off Mexico, where the Ixtoc spill was, 35 years ago, and we see that Ixtoc spill in deepwater landfilled under about 4 inches of sediment. Interestingly, it is still intact, because the biota there does not bioturbate, or actually use that sediment, because it is still toxic.    The Chairman. Let me interrupt here for a second. Do you still have other questions?    Dr. Murawski. Honestly, when oil gets into the marsh, there are no effective cleanup mechanisms you can use----    Dr. Murawski . That you wouldn't do more damage to the marsh, than if you let it rest there. And, of course, it will weather over time. But, as I said before, it takes quite a while for that to weather out.    Dr. Murawski. Well, the editorial that we had in the Tampa Bay Times basically looked at the principle of polluter pays.    And, you know, one of the interesting things about this is----    The Chairman. So these other people should be paying, as well, in your mind?    Dr. Murawski. Well, certainly, in terms of inshore pollution, we know that, for example, water treatment facilities need to pay their monitoring costs, as well.    The Chairman. So you are calling for them, as well.    Dr. Murawski. Well, most of them actually do. I guess my point with the offshore industry is that we have constant reference to, well, it's a dirty Gulf, and so, therefore, it was dirty before the oil spill, and it is hard to figure out. The only way we really can understand that is to try to have some baseline information. And, frankly, I think it is in the industry's best----    The Chairman. I appreciate that. I am not arguing about the baseline, it is just who should be paying for this? Do we have a deep pocket industry that you feel should be paying for it?    But maybe even more less who pays for it, I am assuming, becomes insignificant. I am assuming you don't believe that the quality or the results of the research would be anyway flawed because of who was paying for this, or who does not pay for it. If the industry were to fund your research, as they are doing, I don't think you are arguing that that would have a flawed impact on your research results, would you?    Dr. Murawski. I think it bears thinking about how you set up the independence of the research. You know, certainly, you have situations where industry can pay to have these done by certain consulting firms under the guidance of the government----    The Chairman. You are telling me you could be bought off?    Dr. Murawski. Sorry?    The Chairman. Are you telling me you could be bought off?    Dr. Murawski. No, sir.    The Chairman. OK.    Dr. Murawski. What I am saying is that they can be done under certain standards and replication of samples, et cetera.    The Chairman. OK. Well, let me go back to Mr. Williams, then, if I could.    Go with the original one. I cut you off and you didn't have enough time to deal with that. Some of the reforms have been put into place.