    Mr. Harper. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And I appreciate you holding this hearing on the needs of drinking water systems in rural and smaller communities.    Like you and many other members of Congress, I represent a rural district where many of my constituents get their drinking water from smaller cities, towns, and water associations.    According to the National Rural Water Association, more than 90 percent of the community water systems across the United States serve a population less than 10,000 individuals. These smaller communities do an incredible job of providing our constituents with clean, safe drinking water, but are often at a disadvantage because of economics of scale and a need for more technical expertise.    I know that this as an important issue to you, Mr. Chairman and the ranking member, and I thank you for the opportunity to continue working on legislation to ensure our constituents get the help and clean water they need.    I would like to say welcome to my fellow Mississippians, Mr. Newman, Mr. Selman, and thank them for providing their insight to the subcommittee today.    Mr. Chairman, thank you again for your commitment on this issue, and I yield back.    Mr. Harper. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and I can think of few topics more important across the country in every Congressional district than the one we are on today, and so thanks to each of our guests who are giving testimony today, and also welcome, Mayor Hill, and also, you know, just to have each of you here is something that we greatly appreciate, and my dear friend Kirby Mayfield who is here who is CEO of the Mississippi Rural Water Association who has been a great contact and person sharing information with us. So we are thankful for that.    If I could, Mr. Newman, ask you, in your testimony you talked about the trust relationship that small communities have with circuit riders. As we continue discussing this issue of how EPA could and should help our small communities comply with Federal regulations, among other things, would you please take a minute and elaborate on the importance of that trust relationship that our water systems have with our circuit riders?    Mr. Harper. And I am also glad you explained to some of our folks, some of our members, that we actually have snow in Mississippi. So that was a surprise to, I think, some.    Mr. Harper. And Mr. Selman, thank you so much for your kind words and your testimony, and I look forward to visiting with the Double Ponds Water Association folks next month in DC.    Mr. Harper. You talked about Hurricane Katrina which impacted our State and Louisiana greatly. It was the greatest most costly natural disaster ever in our State's history, and you mentioned two water systems in Simpson County, in my district, and the assistance they received after Katrina.    Would you talk for a minute about some of the tools circuit riders have at their disposal that small water systems often don't have or have other access to. I think you mentioned radar equipment. How important are these tools to the survival of our smaller water systems?    Mr. Harper. That is great. Well, thanks to each of you and great to have all of you here, and thank you for that, and also want to specifically thank Ranking Member Tonko for his assistance as we try to work through these important issues.    Thank you.