    Mr. Ratcliffe. Thanks, Mr. Chairman. Sorry, I was deep in thought there.    Mr. Chairman, I appreciate you holding this hearing, and I will tell you that I think the work that this Subcommittee does is some of the most important work that we do here in Congress. I can tell you from the constituents that I have in Texas, the issues that we're talking about here, including what the gentleman from Georgia just referenced, are very personal to my constituents.    I'm afraid that sometimes here in the Halls of Congress, the statistics and the numbers and the clinical terms that we use in these hearings desensitize all of us to the real impact that the policy decisions have, whereas I can tell you the folks back in northeast Texas aren't. They see these issues in very clear terms, terms like jobs and the uncertainty of their jobs and the stagnancy of their wages with respect to jobs and not getting pay raises for decades, how it impacts their families and their futures.    And, from the conversations I've had with constituents, it's painfully clear to me that so many of the burdensome regulations are inflicting real harm on individuals and families. Making matters worse at times is the attitude of indifference, at best, and condescension, at worst, from Federal regulators. Sometimes when I ask about the consultation process and whether or not there has been any meaningful consultation with stakeholders in a respective area or industry, the response is too often laughter. I think that this concept at times isn't taken seriously by some of the regulators.    The regulations--listen, I'm not against regulations. They certainly serve a purpose when they are done correctly. They can enhance consumer safety, they can promote responsible stewardship of resources, and they can improve the lives of everyday Americans. But when regulations go wrong, which is what we see so often today, they can be impossible to comply with, and impossible to rectify or to reconcile with plain-old common sense.    And so, I think a great example of that is what some of the unelected bureaucrats are doing at some agencies impacting millions of Americans with misguided, misinformed approach to the regulatory process. Let's take the Internet. Every day Americans use the Internet for communication, for commerce, for Internet, for daily operations of their lives. And, I think that any regulation that is so far reaching should be done with extreme caution and undergo an intensive review process. Unfortunately, that's not what's happening.    So last year, the FCC voted 3-2 along party lines to approve the Commission's net neutrality rule, or as my friend from Texas in the Senate calls it, ObamaCare for the Internet. But let's, for a second, set the policy debate about this new rule aside and talk just about the process.    And, you know, the FCC is using the Communications Act of 1934 to justify its regulation of the Internet. Bureaucrats at the FCC have said that it was the intention of this body of Congress to see that broadband Internet service was regulated like a telephone utility back in 1934.    Now, I can't remember the exact year that Al Gore invented the Internet, but I'm pretty sure it was after 1934. I think it underscores the issue that we're talking about here. And, you know, with all due respect to the gentleman from Georgia and his comments about some of the legislation, admittedly, some of that legislation, the Separation of Powers Restoration Act, is my legislation, and it's aimed at exactly this problem.    And, you know, your response, Mr. Shelanski, about judges not having the expertise that some of these agencies have to make these decisions, I would point you to the one that I just said to highlight the fact that unelected bureaucrats at agencies are not always experts on issues.    To correct another point, my legislation does not go to factual findings; it goes to legal interpretations, which is what judges are trained, vetted, and ultimately confirmed to do.    So let me ask you on this, while we're on the topic of the FCC, is because it's an independent agency, this enormously consequential rule is exempt from the cost-benefit framework and OIRA review. And, as a result, OIRA is not able to promote adherence to the review measures which are designed to ensure, I think, that rules that govern the lives of the American people have undergone a thorough cost-benefit analysis and determined to be the least burdensome alternative.    As you probably know, in 2012, the President's Council on Jobs and Competitiveness recommended that independent agencies, like the FCC, be required to perform cost-benefit analysis and subject their regulations to OIRA review. I know that you previously worked at the FCC, correct?    Mr. Ratcliffe. Do you, first of all, agree with the recommendations made by the President's council, and if so, how would this, in your opinion, change the benefit or the quality of independent agencies' rulemaking?    Mr. Ratcliffe. Thank you. I see my time has expired. I will yield back.