    Mr. Chovanec. Chairman Huizenga, Ranking Member Moore, and members of the subcommittee, thank you very much for inviting me to talk, and for asking me to talk specifically about China's recent initiatives in development funding, development financing, including the establishment of a number of institutions such as the AIIB, the BRIC's Bank, and the new Silk Road Initiative. I will very briefly summarize my written testimony, and cover the main points.    The first thing to recognize is that although these initiatives have attracted a great deal of tension recently, they do not represent a new trend, or a completely new trend. China has--back in 2007, China founded the Sovereign Wealth Fund, China Investment Corporation, to help deploy capital abroad.    It is not mainly focused in that case on development funding, but for the past several years, China Development Bank and China Export-Import Bank have actually provided more funding to developing countries than the World Bank. And that has raised both interest and concern. So, what we are seeing is a further development of an existing trend.    Why are the Chinese doing this? And that is what I focus on, because I think to understand the implications, we need to understand the motivations. And there are multiple motivations, and some of them are actually conflicting.    The first is to find a better use for China's foreign exchange reserves. China has accumulated huge amounts of capital, both from inflows of investment and also from running chronic trade surpluses. That is, right now, at about $3.5 trillion. Most of it goes into very liquid sovereign bonds, like U.S. Treasuries that earn, especially these days, a very, very low return.    And, so, the purpose behind establishing CIC, for instance, was to generate a higher return. Now, this kind of motivation places an emphasis upon disciplined investment practices, and a disciplined attitude towards risk.    The second motivation is driving Chinese growth, in particular absorbing China's overcapacity. One of the results of all this capital accumulating in China has been an overinvestment boom in China, a buildout of too much capacity in a whole host of different industries.    And, so, in the past China has looked to drive growth by making foreign investments, but that motivation has intensified because now there is this desire to have some of that overcapacity absorbed.    The danger, of course, is that China, up until this point, has not followed OECD principles in its investment practices, which basically bar offering subsidized financing in order to buy business.    And one of the problems with buying business, subsidizing contracts through cheap financing, is not just that it is poor governance, but also that it conflicts with China's first goal, which is to earn a higher return on their investment.    The third goal is securing access to natural resources. Some of the motivation for this has lost its rationale, given the steep decline in commodity prices recently, over the past year, led, in many cases, by declining Chinese demand.    The fourth is enhancing China's soft power abroad. Winning friends and influencing people has some obvious advantages, but the politicization of investment decisions, again, potentially conflicts with other goals, and when investments go sour, can create some real problems.    China has already--China invested about $37 billion in Venezuela that has already had to be renegotiated because the Venezuelans cannot pay it back. If the Venezuelan opposition ever came to power, there is a good chance that they would simply default on that. So, China is investing in some risky places in order to make friends, but whether it actually will end up making friends is another story.    And, it is important to remember that gunboat diplomacy developed because people were trying to collect on debts that had gone bad.    The fifth is rivaling the World Bank and the Asian Development Bank. But again, establishing multilateral organizations to do this can constrain China just as much as it creates an opportunity. China doesn't actually have to rely on multilateral institutions to invest its wealth.    And, sixth, establishing China's Renminbi as the top global currency.    I will just conclude by making a note that it is very important to realize that although--the world is really awash in savings. What the world needs is not so much more savings from China as reform that generates demand. That includes for the purposes of development.    A lot of development projects would be more stimulated by the Chinese turning their savings into consumer demand than it would by adding that much more capacity to the global economy.    And, with that, I conclude my remarks and welcome your questions.    Mr. Chovanec. It can be either. It is a reality. The fact that China has accumulated so much capital that it wants to deploy, the United States is not in the position of being able to tell China what to do with its money. China can deploy that capital with or without the assistance of other countries.    However, and the reason why I focused on the different motivations that China has, is that some of those motivations are things that we can live with. Some of those things are things that we actually would like to encourage. And some of them are actually problematic.    So, I think the response should be how do we shape the way that China interacts with the world, not can we stop China from providing capital.    Mr. Chovanec. It is another question, but yes, I think the economic and financial significance of the Renminbi part of being--part of the SDR is insignificant. I don't think--    Mr. Chovanec. Insignificant. I don't think it has any significant economic and financial impact. The thing that makes a reserve currency a reserve currency is not some kind of official imprimatur. It is the role that it plays in the global economy, and it requires a currency to be both desirable and accessible.    Desirability--on the one hand, a lot of people want to use the Renminbi to buy things from China. But on the other hand, it is not very easy to hold it. There are not that many places where people can invest it.    The other aspect, though, which a lot of people ignore, is accessibility. In order for China's currency to function as a reserve currency, it has to move from being an importer of foreign currency to being an exporter of foreign currency.    Mr. Chovanec. I don't want to claim to be in a position of critiquing the existing development banks. What I would say is that with the new Chinese development banks, the concern is that they may not bring the same level of governance to the table that the existing banks did. And that concern is based upon the lending practices already of China Development Bank, China Export-Import Bank, and some of the kind of mixed motivations that they have brought to the table.    Maybe other countries flocking to join these banks will actually be a blessing in disguise in the sense that it gives a higher level of transparency and a higher level of attention to governance. But--and that is one of the reasons why perhaps we should--we, the United States should consider taking an observer role, even if we don't participate, taking an observer role with some of these new institutions.    Mr. Chovanec. I would say that you are not wrong. I don't think is a right or wrong position on whether the United States wants to join the AIIB. I don't think--I think what the United States did, though, was fall into the trap of simply thinking that it could oppose it without offering--    Mr. Chovanec. --any kind of--if it had issues, it needs to offer a compelling, competing vision.    Mr. Chovanec. Right. I think to be fair, though, some of them of them were also motivated by less high-minded--    Mr. Chovanec. --ideas.    Mr. Chovanec. The U.K.--there is this idea that China is sort of doling out money and you want to be there when it happens. And the U.K. in particular, which was the first one to break, was driven very much by this desire to be the center of Renminbi trading. So, I think everybody kind of brings some mixed motives to the table.