    Ms. Norton. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman. I certainly appreciate this hearing.    I want to offer my condolences to Mr. Connolly and the family of the slain police officer, who, apparently, served us doubly, served us in the armed services as well.    Ms. Norton. With all of the concern about police abuse that we see, particularly among young people, I do want to be clear that police lives really matter, particularly to those of us who see police go into the toughest neighborhoods; we thought well-armed, by the way--that my own city has very tough gun laws. I'm always concerned that guns get away from people, because any guns in the District of Columbia must come from outside. They can't be generated or almost surely are not generated here.    So keeping track of this program and making sure I understand this program is important to me.    I understand that 60 percent of the firearms have been traded to dealers without the approval of GSA? Is that the case? And if so, how could that occur?    Ms. Norton. Traded to the firearms dealers?    Ms. Norton. So what was the rule?    Ms. Norton. What did you think was going to happen to these weapons?    Ms. Norton. But if they were in the control of law enforcement----    Ms. Norton. --officials and the mission of the program was to outfit law enforcement officials with the weapons necessary to perform their own duties, can it be any wonder that they would trade away or try to get out of their own department's grenade launchers, for example, or weapons of the kind that local police departments don't use? One wonders, what were they doing with them in the first place? Did you have any option, other than to dispose of them to law enforcement, who, of course, would have no legitimate use for grenade launchers and the like?    Ms. Norton. I still don't understand, then, if you have submarine guns----    Ms. Norton. --and grenade launchers--and they are not used or should not be used by law enforcement--what should GSA do about those weapons in particular?    Ms. Norton. But those are weapons--in other words, you could sell anything, or you could dispose of anything to law enforcement without making some--without taking efforts to see whether or not they were legitimately usable by local law enforcement. That just wasn't part of what you were supposed to do?    Ms. Norton. What are you going to do with them?    Ms. Norton. I just thought that would be self-evident, but forgive me if those were not already included in your rules.    I believe that the DOD, of course, has bigger----    Ms. Norton. --weapons, can recall those weapons. Is that right?    Ms. Norton. Where you had to sell them?    Ms. Norton. Do you have any problem with that? I mean, is the reason they can't recall them is they do not pass title to them?    Ms. Norton. It seems to me you would minimally need that.    Finally, let me just ask you this, do you really think you are the appropriate agency for this mission?    Ms. Norton. Now, again, what is it about your expertise that makes you the appropriate agency for the transfer of weapons to police departments?    Ms. Norton. Mr. Chairman, may I suggest that that's part of the problem: the GSA was given a mission outside of its own legitimate expertise.    And I thank you, Mr. Chairman.