    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. The subcommittee will come to order.    After recognizing myself and Ranking Member Deutch for 5 minutes each for our opening statements, I will then recognize other members seeking recognition for 1 minute. We will then hear from our witnesses.    Without objection, ladies, your prepared statements will be made a part of the record and members may have 5 days to insert statements and questions for the record, subject to the length limitation in the rules.    The chair now recognizes herself for 5 minutes.    We are here today to discuss the President's FY17 budget request for the Middle East and North Africa Region. I fully support the request to honor the terms of the Memorandum of Understanding, MOU, with our closest ally, the Democratic Jewish State of Israel and helping to ensure that she has what she needs to defend herself and her citizens.    In the aftermath of the weak and dangerous Iran nuclear deal and the corresponding race to arms by many of the nations in the region that feel threatened by a newly-empowered Iran, Israel is facing a new dangerous environment, so it is critical that we ensure that Israel's qualitative military edge is intact and vigorously enforced, as our policy stipulates and as our laws state. So, I strongly urge the administration to conclude the negotiations on a new robust MOU with Israel in an expeditious manner and in a way that reflects the new reality that the Jewish State faces in the region.    I am also pleased that the administration is following through with the additional support for Jordan, as agreed upon in last year's MOU, with $1 billion to help the Kingdom cope with the strain on its resources from the Syrian humanitarian crisis and the influx of refugees, as well as help provide Jordan with the tools that it needs to continue to fight on the frontlines against ISIS.    However, this request for Jordan highlights one of the most noteworthy trends of the current request, which is the administration's continued shift to move a significant amount of assistance from the regular Foreign Affairs budget to the Overseas Contingency Operations, OCO accounts. Nearly half of this year's budget request is OCO funds, $3.5 billion of the $7.1 billion for the Middle East and North Africa in non-humanitarian bilateral aid. That is over 100 percent more than last year's request, with almost all of the $1 billion for Jordan coming in OCO. This is a troubling trend that the administration needs to explain in greater detail, as we are seeing funds that should be in the base budget that are being shifted into the OCO fund.    Tunisia is strategically important and this is where the democratic transition has been referred to by the administration as a model for other states in the Arab world. However, when compared to Egypt, Jordan, or even Lebanon, our aid package to Tunisia does not really indicate that the administration views its future as a high priority. The people and Government of Tunisia needs us now more than ever.    While this year's request may represent an increase, foreign military financing assistance for Tunisia's security accounts for $45 million, while slightly more than that is being provided for democracy and governance and economic assistance. Tunisia is facing some trying times at the moment, and we want to support it and ensure that it remains on the transition toward democracy. Yet, the administration does not appear to be making a successful transition a priority in this request.    While Lebanon may be facing significant problems as a result of the Syrian conflict, it has been mired in a political crisis for nearly 2 years and has no elected leader, and concerns remain over Hezbollah and Iran's increasing influence in Lebanon. This raises questions over how our assistance to Lebanon is being used to advance our interests. The same can be said over continued assistance requests for Libya or Yemen, two other countries in dire political straits.    When it comes to strategic interest, in the region, Egypt remains near the top. Egypt's security and stability are key U.S. national security interests, which is why we continue to provide Cairo with the foreign military financing assistance it needs and we will continue to work with Egypt to tackle the terrorist threat, in the Sinai.    Yet, in Egypt we are facing a significant pipeline issue where between $500 million to $700 million in previous years funds have not been spent nor obligated. Yet, the administration continues to request $150 million in ESF for Egypt without presenting a concrete plan on how it will spend these unobligated funds and without having the flexibility to operate in Egypt that we once had.    When we discuss using our assistance as effectively and efficiently as possible, we have to talk about our response to the Syrian humanitarian crisis. The United States has been the single largest donor in response to the Syrian humanitarian crisis by providing over $5 billion and we'll continue to do what we can, but our policies to get at the root cause of the problem have failed and Assad still remains in power. While most of this assistance is being funneled through the U.N., it raises questions about whether or not we are maximizing our assistance in this humanitarian response.    But when talking about using our assistance effectively in furtherance of our interests, perhaps the most egregious failure of this budget request is the continued request by the administration for hundreds of millions in assistance for the West Bank and Gaza. The Palestinian Authority and Abu Mazen have continued to incite violence against Israel, have continued to support terrorism, have continued to fund the salaries of terrorists in Israeli prisons as well as their family members. And the Palestinians continue to seek to de-legitimize the Jewish State at the United Nations and are moving forward with plans to undermine the peace process by seeking unilateral statehood. The administration may argue that it has sought less for the Palestinian Authority in this year's budget request, but we should have cut off all assistance to the PA for violating several provisions of U.S. law.    So, I welcome our distinguished guests. I look forward to hearing from the administration about the justifications for its budget request and how these line up with the administration's objectives for the coming year in the Middle East and North Africa.    With that, I am so pleased to yield to the ranking member, my good friend, Mr. Deutch of Florida.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Thank you for an excellent opening statement, and thank you for your leadership, especially on the Levinson case. They are fortunate to have such a strong leader voicing their concerns.    I would like to recognize members for opening statements, and we will begin with Mr. Wilson of South Carolina.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Thank you so much, Mr. Wilson.    Mr. Cicilline of Rhode Island.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Thank you, Mr. Cicilline.    Mr. Issa of California.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Very good items that you bring up.    Ms. Frankel of Florida.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Thank you, Ms. Frankel.    Mr. Trott?    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Amen. Thank you very much, Mr. Trott.    And we are so happy to welcome back wonderful witnesses who are always accessible to us, and anytime we call them, they say, ``Yes. When do you need us?'' So, thank you, ladies, very much for being so good to our subcommittee.    First, we are pleased to welcome back Ambassador Anne Patterson, who is Assistant Secretary of State for Near Eastern Affairs. Ambassador Patterson has served as the U.S. Ambassador in El Salvador, in Columbia, in Pakistan, and in Egypt. She has also been Assistant Secretary of State for International Narcotics and Law Enforcement Affairs, Deputy Permanent Representative to the United Nations, and the State Department's Deputy Inspector General.    Welcome back, Ambassador Patterson.    We also want to welcome back another good friend, Assistant Administrator Paige Alexander of the Bureau of the Middle East at USAID. Previously, Ms. Alexander has served as the Assistant Administrator of the Bureau for Europe and Eurasia, as well as Associate Director of Project Liberty at Harvard University's John F. Kennedy School of Government. She has also served on the Board of the Basic Education Coalition and the Project on Middle East Democracy.    Thank you so much, ladies, and the floor is yours. We will start with Ambassador Patterson.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Thank you, Madam Ambassador.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Thank you very much to both of our witnesses. I would like to, once again, welcome you both back here and thank you for your continued service on behalf of our country.    Assistant Secretary Patterson, I wanted to follow up on a question that I had posed to Secretary Kerry in February. I asked if the administration will veto any resolution at the U.N. supporting Palestinian statehood. He stated that it was the policy of the administration to oppose any one-sided resolution that would be unfair to Israel, but he didn't give a blanket statement that, yes, the U.S. would veto.    So, I want to clear this up just a bit more because last week the Palestinian Authority, the PA, distributed a draft resolution to a number of members at the U.N. Security Council similar to the one that the U.S. did, in fact, veto in 2011. This absence of an American voice saying that we will veto gives wind beneath the wings of the Palestinians to continue this unilateral statehood scheme.    So, will the administration state unequivocally that we will not introduce, we will not support, that we will block, that we will veto any resolution at the U.N. Security Council that seeks to impose a two-state solution on Israel or that offers some artificial timeline for negotiations?    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. But there is--it is not a hypothetical.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Have you seen the resolution?    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. But the draft exists.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Have you seen it?    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Do you think that perhaps this lack of clarity to say we vetoed it before, we are going to veto it again, and here is the draft, and if this draft is going to be worked, we will veto it--when we don't say that, they are going to continue with their unilateral statehood schemes. Wouldn't you?    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. I know. That is why it is worrisome. It is clear.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Well, it is not a hypothetical. It exists.    But, staying with the PA, Madam Ambassador, money is fungible, and any amount of money that--oh, Mr. Chairman?    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Let me just wait right here. I heard a lot of rumbling here, but I did not look aside. So, I will stop here and let me recognize the chairman of our committee, Mr. Royce, for his questions.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Mr. Chairman, you are welcome to come in and crash our subcommittee anytime. Please do so more often.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Okay.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. It is much more fun to say ``crash.'' Are you sure you are done?    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Because you are fired-up. We will keep you going.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. All right. Thank you.    And I will just wrap up, because everything he said, ditto.    Let me just ask a question on Morocco. Recently, U.N. Secretary General Ban Ki-moon claimed Morocco is occupying the Western Sahara, an unbelievable violation of U.N. neutrality. The U.S. is tasked with drafting the resolution that will renew the mandate of MINURSO. It is very important that the draft resolution be clean without any divisive language. Is the administration willing to work with Congress and our ally Morocco to strengthen our bilateral relationship while avoiding this mess created by Ban Ki-moon? And where does that draft resolution currently stand?    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. What is the timeline for the resolution?    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Please keep us abreast. Thank you so much.    And thank you, Mr. Deutch, for your patience, and take as much time as you would like.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Thank you, Mr. Deutch. Excellent questions.    Mr. DeSantis of Florida.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Thank you so much, Mr. DeSantis.    Mr. Cicilline?    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Thank you, Mr. Cicilline.    And now, we turn to Mr. Issa.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. No. Please do.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Thank you, Mr. Issa.    They are a terrorist group. It is ``The Emperor has no clothes,'' but if we don't want to see it, it doesn't mean that he is, nonetheless, naked.    And I wanted to ask just one question. Even though Mr. Deutch is not here, he has allowed me to do this, so I am not speaking out of school.    All of us in our subcommittee, we are very interested in keeping the Iraqi Jewish Archives operating here in the United States because many people want to see these historical artifacts, and it would find a good home here. We understand that perhaps they will eventually go back to Iraq. But have any of the 3,500 items, do you know if they have been returned to Iraq and, if so, how many, if you could let us know? And have we been able to secure the Iraqi Jewish Archives going to other museums, other exhibition sites?    I had talked to Brett McGurk and he assured me that State was working with NARA to identify venues where the archives could go. And we are willing to work with the State Department to see how we can be of help to making sure that these very important artifacts of the Iraqi Jewish Archives stay safe and in a place where people can see them.    They were there in my District in Miami Beach, the FIU Jewish Museum. And what a great turnout. So, people are interested. They want to see them and this is a great place for them here in the United States where people can admire them. Maybe in Iraq they are not as appreciated. We are willing to have it go back, but once they do the whole tour. I want to be a roadie for that tour.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. I would love that. Thank you very much.    With that, our subcommittee is adjourned.