    Mr. Palliparambil. Palliparambil.    Mr. Palliparambil. No problem.    Mr. Palliparambil. You got it.    Mr. Palliparambil. Thank you.    Mr. Palliparambil. Thank you. Good morning, Chairman, and members of the committee. Thank you for holding this important hearing on wearable technologies today. My name is Suresh Palliparambil, and I am the America's Director of Sales and Business Development for NXP's secure identification solutions business line.    NXP helps to make today's ideas into tomorrow's exciting reality as the supplier of end-to-end solutions that range from semiconductor ICs to infrastructure components and secure applications.    We are the inventor of MIFARE and the co-inventor of NFC, the wireless proximity technology bringing new levels of simplicity and security to interactions of all kinds. NXP powers and enriches the IoT as a high-level contributor to standards bodies, including the FIDO Alliance, whose work promises to usher in a new era of online security, making the need to remember complex passwords a thing of the past.    As a proud employer of nearly 7,000 staff members in the U.S., NXP is committed to security leading-edge design and bringing products to the domestic market that have a substantial share of domestically built content and local value add to end products in which NXP plays a role.    Our company is dedicated to leveraging all of those resources and partnering with America's leaders to invest in the country's future and safer, more convenient lives for its citizens. From rockets in the air, to cars on the road, and cards in your wallet, our innovation at NXP has been integral to America's past and the success it enjoys today. As an important legacy as that is, we at NXP are looking to the future in building a better, easier, and safer tomorrow with exciting leading-edge technologies of utmost quality.    This is no small task. The rapid expansion of public and private data networks, the rise of social media, and the mass deployment of smart objects across the Internet of Things, IoT, have connected us in ways we didn't think possible two decades ago. They have also left us open, vulnerable, and exposed.    To counteract these vulnerabilities, NXP is focused on, one, avoiding unauthorized access in public and private areas of the IoT, developing tamper-resistant secure element devices, and perfecting the end-to-end solution that power the new, often wearable technologies will use to improve and simplify health care, entertainment, transportation, and the rest of our everyday lives    Online security can mean different things to different people, but the task of keeping data private and ensuring cyber safety essentially comes down to one thing, access.    NXP has made authentication a top priority for more than 20 years and has continually reached new levels of performance by making algorithms more resilient, and by increasing the robustness of secure elements. We are recognized as leaders in authentication, known for our ability to deliver trusted security in many of the world's most high-profile applications.    NXP produces chips that have their own unique fingerprint based upon their crystalline structure, so no two chips are alike, preventing cloning. NXP's strength in authentication is closely tied to eGovernment and banking. With roughly 80 percent market share of the electronic passport market, our technology is trusted by more national governments to increase security while reducing wait times at international borders. We are helping governments expand the use of electronic documents, and our repeated success with large-scale implementations of electronic IDs, public transportation, and multi-application cards, which combine payment, transportation, identification, and other services on a single card make a trusted partner to municipalities, transit authorities, and banking and payment organizations worldwide.    NXP brings a comprehensive set of skills to each authentication challenge and leverage outstanding relationship with broad spectrum of security leaders to develop and deliver tailored solutions that address needs in the market. The evolution in wearable technology is all about enhancing users' lives and making everyday functions simpler and easier so we can concentrate on the things that matter.    NXP creates the security, connectivity, and circuitry solutions that enable these wearable devices their convenient applications in today's society and the innovative ways they could be used in the future.    Many applications for wrist-based wearables are in place through entertainment venues and in the healthcare industry. The most popular example include keyless entry, smartwatches for luxury cars, Disney's RFID wristband, the MagicBand, an all-in-one device that serves as a room key, a park ticket to get in line, and also the payment, too.    There are already many existing areas where smartwatches could improve users' lives. Today's keyless entry for vehicles will probably move to a wearable platform, and in the future, watches will act as the key for an entire car. In fact, most luxury car makers already offer their own wristwatches. It is a great channel to help build their brand recognition.    In the home environment, smartwatches will interact with communication protocols such as ZigBee and Bluetooth, allowing users to control the home environment. Heating, lighting, AV equipment and more, will all be controlled by simply making a gesture with an arm or using apps installed on the watch. Soon, the smartwatch will be the only key anyone needs, the technology passport that gives access and control to your entire life.    NXP is working hard to simplify lives of citizens to secure transactions in the connected world, and we currently have the following tools and accomplishments in place to securely connect the next generation devices. We have a smart microcontroller platform; we have MIFARE, the world's leading contactless technology platform; Near Field Communications, which is a wireless proximity and contactless technology; and then high-level contributions to standards bodies, including the FIDO Alliance for online security.    Thank you for the opportunity to participate in today's hearing. Thank you very much.    Mr. Palliparambil. Yes, sir. Thank you for the question. Yes, we do, and as you pointed out, the Adidas products and some of the products from Zebra, so we have the sensors, we have the micro controllers and the security element that I talked about in my testimony, which allows to provide that level of security and often preferences for the consumer is available today. The technology is available. It is just a matter of choosing to use it.    Mr. Palliparambil. Thank you    Mr. Palliparambil. Sure. So for a regular consumer, beyond fitness tracking and health, using a wearable for multiple applications, like payments, transit, and access into buildings, so logical and physical access. So the same wearable can, today's technology, allows you to use it for multiple applications, so beyond life and fitness. And that is the big advantage that I see, where you can have frictionless movement. So you have convenience, but you have the security to conveniently use this in your everyday life.