    Ms. Norton. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I would like to clear up this email business, and I think we might be able to do it right here at this hearing. Because I've heard Dr. Moure-Eraso keep pointing to the presence of emails here, you know, as if he has nothing to hide.    And I understand, Mr. Sullivan, that you wanted to make sure that the Chairman had turned over all of his emails from his personal records that reflected government business. Isn't that right?    Ms. Norton. Now, I'm asking you, do you have a copy of that certification with you today?    Ms. Norton. I wonder if a staff from the committee would provide a copy to our colleagues?    Ms. Norton. I ask that that be done. And while I wait, let me continue.    Let me make clear--let me ask you to make clear what this form that is being distributed is. Is this--it says, ``Statement of Compliance.'' Is this the standard form you use during investigations to make sure that you have all the records?    Ms. Norton. And the point is to make sure there are no additional records, that you have all the records?    Ms. Norton. Well, now, I'm going to ask Mr. Moure-Eraso to listen carefully. I'm going to read the clause that I think expresses what Mr. Sullivan has just said.    ``The materials provided to the OIG are genuine, complete, and in full compliance with the request made by the inspector general. After receiving the initial request from the OIG for the above referenced documents, I took no intentional action to destroy, delete, or remove any official CSB email communication in my presence. I state that the following is true and correct.''    Now that you have heard this, Chairman Moure-Eraso, do you agree, under oath, that you have met the terms of this certification?    Ms. Norton. So it seems to me the emails now should be turned over.    Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. Norton. Yes, I am, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. Norton. Mr. Chairman, can I reclaim my time for a moment----    Ms. Norton . And ask, what's the difference you see between--now, here's the official government document. Why did you prefer your letter when there's an official--you know, I could file my own Federal income taxes my own way, too, and I prefer to do it that way. But they make me sign this document, they make me fill the thing out.    So why did you feel privileged to certify through mail rather than through the kind of official document you must have become accustomed to your entire life?    Ms. Norton. You had a conscientious objection to signing this form?    Ms. Norton. Were you advised by lawyers that you should not sign this form but instead send a letter?    Ms. Norton. Oh. What lawyers? Were they private lawyers, or were they the agency lawyers?    Ms. Norton. Did they give you any reason for this? Did they think you might incriminate yourself in some fashion?    Ms. Norton. So you're a Federal official, but you do not feel that you have to abide by the same laws requiring documents as other Federal officials.    Ms. Norton. That's the long and short of it, isn't it? I mean, other Federal----    Ms. Norton. Well, did you ask for clarification from Mr. Sullivan?    Ms. Norton. So you didn't ask for certification from Mr. Sullivan.    Ms. Norton. Mr. Chairman, could I ask if----    Ms. Norton . The advice was from the lawyer who's with him today?