    Mr. Cook. Thank you, Madam Chair. And, Mr. Connolly, today the ranking member. It is a pleasure to be before you to discuss Egypt 2 years after Morsi.    As you are well aware, the United States has invested $76 billion in Egypt since 1948. Egypt is important to the United States because it is at peace with Israel; it operates the Suez Canal, which is critical to both global trade and U.S. security policy; and it provides logistical support to American Forces operating in and around the Middle East and the Horn of Africa.    There was tremendous hope after Hosni Mubarak fell in February 2011, that Egypt would become democratic, provide an opportunity for its people to live prosperous, dignified lives. Unfortunately, those hopes have been misplaced. The coup d'etat that brought an end to the Muslim Brotherhood's Mohammed Morsi's brief tenure at the Presidency has also not resulted in stability, prosperity, or democracy in Egypt. The most oft-cited figures are, since Morsi's ouster, an estimated 41,000 Egyptians have been jailed; about 3,000 have been killed. Those numbers, though, are certainly too low since they don't include most of 2015.    It is also important to point out, however, that 700 soldiers, officers, and other policemen, have lost their lives in a nasty insurgency raging in the Sinai Peninsula. In November 2014, in an ominous sign, the homegrown Egyptian jihadist group, Ansar Bayt al-Maqdis, pledged its allegiance to the self-declared Islamic State and changed its name to the Sinai Province of the Islamic State.    The four most important things that Members of Congress need to know about Egypt are the following: First, the Egyptian state is weak.    Second, President Sisi has not consolidated his power. That Sisi does not command the state should not be surprising. It took Mubarak the better part of a decade to clear away all of his opponents. In Egypt today, there is a struggle among multiple competing centers of power that include the Presidency, the armed forces, the General Intelligence Directorate, the Ministry of Interior, and the senior judiciary.    Three, Egypt's hypernationalist political discourse is polarizing and radicalizing the political arena.    Four, Sisi has clearly not learned the lessons of the Mubarak period. His overreliance on force and coercion is an inefficient means of establishing political control. If you ask me today if I believe that Egypt is stable, the intellectually honest answer is: I don't know, but President Sisi has offered us some clues to that stability based on the way he rules, and the way he rules, relying almost entirely on force and coercion, does not give me confidence.    What is the appropriate policy toward Egypt? It depends on what the United States wants, an issue with which policymakers have been struggling for the last 10 or 15 years. Democracy, it makes little sense to talk about supporting democratic transition in Egypt today. There is also little reason to believe that the United States has the capacity to influence the direction of Egyptian politics. The Obama administration went so far as to delay military assistance and change the terms of that aid for the future. Yet it did not change Egyptian behavior.    On the economy, some believe that this is an opportunity for the United States to make a difference on the Egyptian economy. We should be cautious here. Those in power in Egypt today do not believe in an inclusive, broad, capitalist political economic development, but rather they are statists.    On security, Egypt is confronting a significant threat in the Sinai Peninsula from extremist groups. Unlike the Government of Iraq, which until the recent Ramadi operation has relied on Shiite death squads, Egypt has used its regular army in the fight. For a variety of reasons related to the U.S. assistance program, the senior command's resistance to altering its doctrine, and restrictions on the armed forces that stem from the Egypt-Israel Peace Treaty, the military has proven itself neither well-prepared nor well-equipped to take on the insurgency. They are getting critical assistance from the United Arab Emirates and, if reports are to be believed, Israel, but only the United States can really provide the resources necessary for the Egyptians. If the Egyptian armed forces distrust the United States--I am in whole agreement with David Schenker, how the suspension of critical defense articles have driven a wedge between the United States and the Egyptian armed forces.    What should the United States do? Very quickly, three things. First, in our diplomacy with Egypt, we must emphasize first-order first principles of tolerance, equal application of law, compromise, and nonviolence. Second, we must invest in Egypt's political future. It seems now that Egypt's future is unstable and authoritarian, but Egypt can change very quickly. It is worth our time and effort to invest in that political future.    And then, finally, we must support Egypt's fight against extremists. The United States should maintain its assistance package at current levels. It should also encourage the Egyptians through the promise of additional resources to alter its doctrine, its mix of equipment, to meet what the Pentagon calls 21st century threats. It seems perverse to offer to pay the Egyptians to do something that they already should be doing. But if our national interest dictates that we should help the Egyptians in this fight, it is the most effective means to go forward.    One last thing. Policymakers should be realistic about Egypt. The United States and Egypt have enjoyed strategic relations since the mid-1970s. Those relations are changing. These two countries are drifting apart. The Egyptians, as you, Madam Chairman, pointed out, are looking for new friends around the world. This is something consistent in Egyptian foreign policy. We must be prepared that our ability to affect what happens in Egypt is rather limited.    Mr. Cook. Tunisia.    Mr. Cook. Tunisia.    Mr. Cook. Tunisia.    Mr. Cook. Turkey.    Mr. Cook. That does not necessarily suggest that they are stable.    Mr. Cook. Are you asking me, sir?    Mr. Cook. I would say that when we are thinking about how Egypt has approached its own population and its own electoral systems, it is--its electoral system, as Mr. Bjornlund pointed out, is drawn in a manifestly unfair way that makes it difficult for----    Mr. Cook . Makes it difficult for opponents to actually----    Mr. Cook. I am uncomfortable with the idea that the United States' political system is analogous to that in Egypt.    Mr. Cook. I am profoundly uncomfortable with that.    Mr. Cook. That is not what I said.    Mr. Cook. They have the fourth largest inventory of F-16s.    Mr. Cook. Yes.    Mr. Cook. The relationship with Israel is better than it has been over a long period of time, primarily because there is a confluence of interests in the Sinai Peninsula. Both security services are cooperating and providing critical intelligence to each other to ensure that the extremist threat is met as effectively as possible, given all the deficits that the Egyptians have in combatting it. The troubling aspect, though, is that while government-to-government relations are good, the overwhelming number of Egyptians still regard Israel in an entirely negative light, overwhelming, 90-plus percent.