    Mr. Kilmer. Thank you, Chairman. I was just observing, it is nice to have an agency come in where they are told they are loved. So congratulations.    General Bolden. I am all in.    Mr. Kilmer. So thanks for being with us. You correctly observed my zeal for some of the exciting work being done by innovative entrepreneurial companies, a lot in my neck of the woods which is getting a reputation as sort of the Silicon Valley of space. But my interest goes beyond the parochial. It is excitement about the work that is being done, from building rockets and launching satellites, to Earth imaging and remote sensing, to even some further out there ideas, including mining of asteroids and sending tourists to space. You know, I think there is a lot of innovation and technical development that is happening and it can lead to a lot of good American jobs. I guess--and not to mention the fact that it can bring down some of the costs associated with NASA's mission.    I guess I just want to get a sense from you of how should NASA leverage these new space companies, both to encourage growth of the industry but also to maximize the bang for the buck for what NASA spends on exploration and discovery in space? And also if you can give a sense of do you have the direction and the authority and the resources you need for those kinds of partnerships with the private industry?    General Bolden. Mr. Kilmer, you know, thanks to this committee and the Congress and the appropriations funding in 2016, the one area where we were lacking was Commercial Crew. And thanks to the appropriations in 2016 we are now stepping it up and catching up. And both of our providers, Boeing and SpaceX, are telling us that they will be ready for their certification next year, 2017.    In a case that is close to home to you, what our process allows us to do in working with industry and academia is it is not one size fits all. So we have the ability to use Space Act Agreements which are a form of contract; it is other transactional authority. It is not a real hard contract, where they have to follow FAR, the Federal acquisition regulation. Blue Origin, for example, they are where they are today in the development of the BE-4 and the BE-3 engines that are probably going to enable us to free ourselves from the RD-180; they are three years down the road because of the work that they did with us through a Space Act Agreement at Stennis in testing components of those engines. They did not test the whole engine because they do not need to. They have got their own test facility. The same thing with SpaceX, Orbital, you look at companies, some enter into contracts with us and others just want to do a little bit. So I think that is the way we have leveraged the ability of the, you know, the commercial providers.    As I mentioned to Mr. Jolly in his question, it has freed NASA up to do exploration. To do the big things that governments have to do. You know, a lot of stuff we do you cannot expect a private company, even with a billionaire leader, to accept the risk for some of the what seems to be crazy stuff we do every once in a while. It is only a government organization that should do that.    Mr. Kilmer. I want to focus some attention on sort of a specific issue with regard to new technologies and some of the work being done by private industry. It is undoubtedly expensive to send supplies and equipment into orbit, it is also not easy, let alone sending those supplies all the way to Mars. And you have seen companies develop ways to do everything from mining minerals and other resources such as water from asteroids and incorporate 3D printing technologies into space systems so that large bulky components can actually get manufactured in space instead of trying to fit those pieces into rockets. Which I think is amazing and innovative and out of the box. So how does and how should NASA partner with these innovative companies to incorporate these new technologies into planning for future space missions? You know, and is NASA working with industry partners to develop these new technologies, for example solar electric propulsion to transport cargo and equipment beyond Earth orbit?    General Bolden. We are. And another example I will give you is for the mission to Mars. The solar electric propulsion powered vehicle that is going to carry cargo. Or for our Asteroid Redirect Mission. That is going to be a robotic vehicle that is going to go to the asteroid to get a big boulder. We are not developing game changing solar cells because we are partnering with industry. There are a few companies, and I will not bother to name them, but most are out in Southern California, others are different places, who are doing game changing solar cells. Our job is to try to figure out how to package that. How to put a giant solar array that is using this high energy solar cell, how do we package it and put it into the nose cone of a spacecraft? So that is they way we are leveraging, letting them do the development of the game changing technology that way. And our job is to fit it into a spacecraft.    If I go back to Blue Origin again, they are using 3D printing to produce engine parts. SpaceX is using 3D printing to produce engine parts. We are using 3D printing on the International Space Station now to produce tools. They are prototype. They are not metal tools yet because we have not figured out how to do metal in the microgravity environment of space yet because we still have to feed ribbons. We have got to figure out a way to contain powders that you would do if you are going to do something like inconel or stainless steel. But we are working with industry hand in glove. And I think if you go into some of our laboratories, or we would like to see it in some of their factories but we do not do it yet, you will see them side by side with us in trying to get to the places we want to go.    Mr. Kilmer. Terrific. Thank you. Thank you, chairman.    Mr. Kilmer. Thank you, Chairman, and thanks for being back with us. I have got a couple of questions that are mostly focused on issues around workforce and our competitiveness. And the first gets at kind of broad issues around digital literacy. I think increasingly the capacity of people who are entering the workforce to use technology to solve problems by applying basic digital skills and use of the internet is increasingly important. And yet in 2013 the OECD conducted a study that found that American young adults ranked near the bottom for using digital skills to solve problems. And I am worried about what that means in terms of our ongoing competitiveness. So I wanted to get a sense from you of how you think we can improve disparities around the use of digital literacy, around digital literacy? And can you talk to me about how NSF approaches these issues and whether NSF ever teams up with organizations like the National Academy of Sciences to develop policy recommendations and whether there would be an openness to doing that regarding how to increase access to digital literacy and curriculum and some of those broader issues?    Mr. Kilmer. Sure.    Mr. Kilmer. Thank you for that. And that is certainly an important issue in my neck of the woods. I also along those lines wanted to ask about workforce around addressing cybersecurity. And I know the President recently outlined a cybersecurity national action plan and a piece of that was focused around cybersecurity workforce. The plan describes efforts to improve cybersecurity education programs by developing cybersecurity curriculum and expanding scholarship programs. And I know that NSF already leads the Cyber Corps scholarship program. So I wanted to get a sense of what role the NSF is going to have in implementing the President's plan and specifically given your relationship with some of the higher education stakeholders do you see NSF as being able to assist in both the development and roll out of a cybersecurity curriculum and providing a link between stakeholders in government and academia and industry?    Mr. Kilmer. Thank you. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.