    Mr. Worley. Good afternoon, Chairman Wenstrup, Ranking Member Takano, and other distinguished Members of the subcommittee.    I am pleased to be here today to discuss the Department of Veterans Affairs education benefit programs and our ongoing efforts to ensure education benefits are administered appropriately and accurately.    My testimony will highlight the status of our implementation of the President's Executive Order, 13607, Public Law 112-249, and Sections 701 and 702 of the Choice Act. I will also touch on VA's information technology systems supporting our education programs.    VA's education programs provide education and training benefits to eligible Service members, Veterans, dependents, and survivors. These programs are designed to assist Veterans in readjusting to civilian life, to help the armed forces both recruit and retain members, and enhance the nation's economic competitiveness.    The Post-9/11 GI Bill, or Chapter 33, greatly expanded education benefits with the enactment of Public Law 110-252, effective August 1st, 2009. This program provides Veterans, Service members, dependents, and survivors with educational assistance in the form of tuition and fees, a housing allowance, and a books and supplies stipend to assist them in reaching their educational and vocational goals. The Post-9/11 GI Bill is by far the most utilized of VA's education programs.    Since the program began, VA has issued approximately $50 billion in benefits to 1.4 million individuals and their educational institutions. The other education benefit programs VA administers have been fairly consistent or have experienced reductions in recent years as measured by numbers of trainees and dollars issued.    The Executive Order on Principles of Excellence and Public Law 112-249 on improving transparency of educational opportunities were both intended to strengthen oversight, enforcement, and accountability within the Veteran and military educational benefit programs, as well as improve outreach and transparency to Veterans and Service members by providing information on educational institutions.    These important efforts were implemented through a strong and effective inter-agency collaboration between VA, the Department of Defense, and the Department of Education, in consultation with the Department of Justice, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, and the National Association of State Approving Agencies. Over 6,100 campuses have voluntarily agreed to comply with the Principles of Excellence.    Much has been accomplished through this work to both better inform and better protect Veterans and family members using educational benefits including: Registering as a Trademark the term ``GI Bill;'' development of a financial aid shopping sheet; development of Veteran outcome measures, and implementation of a centralized complaint system.    Further, as a result of these efforts, VA launched an online vocational and academic assessment tool called Career Scope, as well as the GI Bill Comparison Tool, which enables prospective students to compare educational institutions using key measures of affordability and value through access to school performance information and consumer protection information. As of March 4th, 2015, there have been over 846,000 unique visitors and over one million page views.    Section 701 of the Choice Act expands the Fry Scholarship to include surviving spouses of service members who died in the line of duty on or after September 11th, of 2001. VA began accepting applications for this extended benefit on November 3rd, of 2014, and as of March 2nd, VA has received 805 applications.    Section 702 of the Choice Act requires VA to disapprove educational programs under the Post-9/11 GI Bill and the Montgomery GI Bill Active Duty at public institutions if they charge covered individuals tuition or fees in excess of resident rates for terms beginning after July 1, 2015. In late October 2014, VA sent a letter to all the Governors outlining these requirements and requesting information on the state's ability to meet requirements in advance of July 1st.    All states and territories have indicated a commitment to comply with the law and are in various stages of either legislative or policy development and approval. VA has provided extensive technical assistance to numerous states and is working in close partnership with the state approving agencies to facilitate timely compliance with this law.    The Long-Term Solution is the Post-9/11 GI Bill Claims Processing Solution. In September 2012, VA implemented end-to-end automation of supplemental Post-9/11 GI Bill Claims. This was a game changer. In Fiscal Year 2014, 51 percent of all Post-9/11 GI Bill supplemental claims were fully automated and another 30 percent were partially automated. As a result, original claims processing timeliness has improved from 30.5 days in Fiscal Year 2012 to 17 days in Fiscal Year 2014. And supplemental processing timeliness has improved from 16.5 days to six days in 2014.    Veterans' hard earned educational benefits are the vehicle by which many of our nation's heroes pursue their career goals and successfully transition to civilian life. VA is fully committed to ensuring timely access and delivery of these benefits and to ensuring Veterans are well-informed decision makers concerning the use of these benefits.    Mr. Chairman, this concludes my statement, and I look forward to your questions.    Mr. Worley. That is correct, sir.    Mr. Worley. Mr. Chairman, at one level or another, we have received indication of intent to comply from all states and territories. It is just we have only heard formally from about 33 states and the District of Columbia. Formally, meaning, we got a letter back from the Governor's office or the appropriate authority in that state. Others, we have actually talked with or in some cases provided technical assistance with their legislative proposals or their policy language, and they are moving through their processes.    Mr. Worley. No----    Mr. Worley. Mr. Chairman, what I would say is that our full effort and focus when the law was passed was first to make sure we understood it completely in discussions with our General Counsel and then more aggressively to get it out to the states and make sure they understand it. There are nuances to this law that need to be understood for a state to actually become compliant.    As you well know, many states have some level of a provision for either in-state tuition or other types of benefits for Veterans, but many of those states do not comply with every aspect of Section 702, for example, the three years from discharge requirement and other provisions. So we are working very closely and focused our effort on helping states become compliant.    With respect, you are right, the Secretary does have a waiver authority. We have not had that discussion with the Secretary yet, so he has made no decision on whether to offer a waiver, but those discussions should be happening very soon.    Mr. Worley. Yes, sir.    Mr. Worley. Well, the first state that was compliant was Texas. In fact, they had legislation that had already been put in place; At first, we did not think they were compliant, and it was a matter of having discussions with them on how they define certain terms that are in the law. So we really get down to some of the technicalities with respect to definitions of uniformed services or armed forces or dependent or spouse or those types of things. So I think these states just got after it and got it done.    Mr. Worley. Yes.    Mr. Worley. Yes.    Mr. Worley. That is my understanding.    Mr. Worley. As I mentioned, the long-term solution is a great success story. When the Post-9/11 GI Bill was enacted, it was virtually from pretty much a dead start as far as the lack of technology to implement the system. So it was very rudimentary at first.    We have had six major software releases over the last three years, culminating in, as I mentioned, September of '12 is when we put into place the final software release for the Long-Term Solution, which allows about 50 percent, a little over 50 percent, of the Post-9/11 GI Bill enrollment claims, which is 80 to 85 percent of our work to be processed untouched by human hands through a rules-based technology.    So it has been, as I mentioned, a game changer. It has been a huge success. And so we have--all the benefit types have had dramatic decreases in terms of their average processing days because of this Long-Term Solution.    The plan, since March of 2013, the development activity has been in a sustainment mode. There has been no additional funding to do any further automation, but we know that is in a proposed piece of legislation from you and we will be talking more about that next week.    Mr. Worley. Thank you. That is a lot, Ranking Member Takano. First of all, with respect to ending fraudulent recruiting practices, there are number of aspects to that. One of the aspects to that is our efforts to register as a trademark the term ``Post-9/11 GI Bill'' or ``GI Bill,'' that happened in 2013.    And what that has done is helped give us a tool and an enforcement against those who would put out on websites, and represent as official websites, information about the GI Bill. The authorized users of the term are VSOs and, of course, GI Bill schools and the state approving agencies. But we have been working to enforce that, and we have actually had to issue some cease and desist types of letters to Web site owners.    For schools in particular, this is something that is reviewed at compliance, when we go around and do compliance surveys. In the last three years--and we are on the same track this year, we do about 5,000 compliance surveys at educational institutions, the GI Bill-approved institutions. Marketing, recruiting practices, and advertising and those type of things are reviewed during those compliance surveys. And they might come up either through that review of their records, as well as in our discussions and interviews with veterans.    I am sorry, the third part of your question on the complaint?    Mr. Worley. The risk-based program reviews?    Mr. Worley. Yes.    Mr. Worley. We have begun those. We began those very shortly, within months, after the complaint system was implemented in January of last year. Depending on when the complaints come in, the VA reviews those and triages them. The more serious ones, we will then direct a risk-based program review at that school. And we have done 46 of those. Six of those schools that we have done risk-based program reviews at have been withdrawn from GI Bill approval.    Mr. Worley. First of all, they just sign up with us. Originally, when the executive order was first signed, we asked them that basically they let us know their intent to comply. What we have done again in our compliance survey enforcement, we have added an addendum to that checklist, if you will, that procedure that looks at all the aspects of the Principles of Excellence, so when we go to visit the school, we check on their compliance with the POE.    Mr. Worley. Because the Principles of Excellence, which have been implemented only in the last couple of years, we have taken the approach during our compliance surveys of really trying to help people understand the implementation and to assist them in becoming fully compliant and understanding what the requirements are.    Ultimately, down the road, if they are not compliant with the principles and continue to be that way, we would certainly remove them from the GI Bill Comparison Tool as far as a signatory to the Principles of Excellence. Depending on the nature of why they are not compliant, if it is a serious offense, then we would be looking at either suspending or withdrawing that school. But if it is a more administrative kind of discrepancy, then it would be more an administrative result.    Mr. Worley. Remedial classes, what we call remedial refresher or deficiency classes, are covered by the Post-9/11 GI Bill benefits and the other legacy benefit types. As you know, the charge, there is an entitlement charge associated with that. And if someone is not successful at those course, they are able to retake them.    Mr. Worley. Sure.    Mr. Worley. Mr. Chairman, we are getting good feedback and most of the feedback is, we want more of it. So as I mentioned, the number of page views and that kind of thing, we would certainly like it to be even more widely used.    We think it will get even more use as time goes on and as we add more functionality to it. But it is a great tool. It brings together multiple different sources, multiple pages that a Veteran would have to go to otherwise, or a prospective GI Bill user, and provide some really good information. We are looking to enhance that functionality this year as well.    Mr. Worley. Right.    Mr. Worley. Well, the beauty and intent really of this Comparison Tool is really twofold. One, it streamlines that process that you are talking about as far as looking, where do I go to look at things. But it appeals to the Veteran, because that is what it is for.    It has Veteran information about schools, Veteran specific information, about schools that, we think a Veteran would consider to be important, such as is there a Veteran Success on Campus counselor there? Is there a Veteran Service Organization of some type? Are they signatories to the 8 keys to Veterans' success, the Principles of Excellence, and those types of things? And they are able to compare three schools at a time side by side to look at that information.    We have also recently put on the complaint information, so a Veteran can see if the school has had a number of complaints against it.    Mr. Worley. That is not on there presently, but that is certainly something that we envision putting on something like a school profile page that would also include outcome measures and other school links and other information. But while we are in the process of implementing and helping to facilitate compliance with Section 702, we will be soon putting that on the GI Bill website, a kind of a tracking of what states are complying and what aren't. But we will ultimately put that on the GI Bill Comparison Tool, yes, sir.    Mr. Worley. Agreed.    Mr. Worley. Well, of course, sir, our first priority is to get states' compliant, to help them do that--and of course with the most important goal being no disruption to any of the beneficiaries in their use of the Post-9/11 GI Bill.    But the law requires if a state is not compliant and there is no waiver in place, we will have to disapprove those programs, not just for the covered individuals identified in the law, but for all Chapter 30, all Montgomery GI Bill, and Post-9/11 GI Bill users in those programs. So the stakes are high.    Mr. Worley. I do not know of any limit mentioned by the previous Panel Member regarding how many hours someone can take in remedial classes, but the entitlement charge is something that is in statute and require legislative action to change that.    You may be aware of the Dependents' Educational Assistance program, DEA, offers five months of remedial, an opportunity for remedial classes, without a charge toward the benefit, but we would be happy to work with the Committee if you want to go down that road.