    Mr. Williams. Mr. Chairman, Ranking Member, members of the committee, I think you will be pleased to know that I am going to summarize my oral testimony and just make some key points: one point being I applaud the committee, its staff, and Treasury for working together on a consensus approach to a pressing problem, not just for Puerto Rico, but a national problem as well. I speak as an American citizen with some experience in these matters, having served as a CFO under the control board, so to speak, in Washington, DC, and then later as mayor.    And the observations I would make would be, number one, I think the bill does well in installing a competent group of noninterested, disinterested if you will, professionals who can serve on the oversight board. As well, I would also observe and applaud the fact that the board will be equipped with the resources of skilled professional staff in order to perform its oversight duties.    I would further observe that an important part of the board's work would be working with officials in Puerto Rico on the establishment of a long-term budget and financial plan--and I think this is crucially important--and using that budget and financial plan as a basis, that financial information and settled expectations as a basis, for any debt restructuring or concessions that have to be made, recognizing--and I applaud this element of the bill--that the oversight board will ultimately serve as a facilitator and a convener to allow elected officials to take the first opportunity to seize advantage and see opportunity in this crisis.    An example of one area where I hope the board will use its influence with elected officials going forward is using its influence with elected officials to establish in Puerto Rico a strong financial entity--you could call it a financial director, you could call it a CFO--but, I would argue, to consolidate the treasury functions, the controllership functions, the budget functions in one person who has some degree--even after the control period, some degree of autonomy so that you have an umpire in the situation to call balls and strikes, set a revenue estimate that everybody respects.    The final observation I would make is, once the work of this bill is in place, expectations settled, and good stewardship has been established on the island, I would agree with the observation of Mr. Weiss that it is crucially important that economic incentives be in place to allow the economic renewal in Puerto Rico to go forward.    Those are my observations in summary, Mr. Chairman, and I look forward to answering your questions.    Mr. Williams. I think the control board was a powerful inducement for us to rationalize our balance sheet, establish settled expectations, and, on that basis, begin an economic growth program based on looking at our balance sheet. How do we increase our sales tax by increasing retail, increase growth in the downtown? How do we increase our income tax by bringing new residents to the district? I think very powerfully here, as a matter of compromise, I would prefer a stronger control board, because we had a really strong control board in DC, but I recognize that compromises have to be made. And I think, that said, not letting perfect be the enemy of the good, the oversight board here has powerful tools to influence the right strategy toward growth.    I will say one final thing. One of the things that happened in the District was once we had done some severe cost cutting, rationalization of our balance sheet, established faith and credit, particularly with the Congress, we were able to get, similar to other states, a Medicaid match that worked better for us. I would hope that in this instance, as I alluded to in my oral testimony, that part of this rationalization process, establishing expectations process, Puerto Rico will be able to enjoy the same Medicaid relationship with the Federal Government that other states have.    Mr. Williams. As I have read the bill and understand the architecture and design of the bill, the board here is intended to be much more principally a convener and a facilitator to use its authority as a gateway to debt negotiation and restructuring; to use its authority to approve a budget to drive the right reorganization, the right rationalization of the balance sheet, and the right performance measures in the government. And I think it is a wise balance, given all of the conflicting views.    All that said, the authority in the District was more direct. The board had the authority in the first instance. It would offer the District the opportunity to do a budget, but after the first instance, we had a 1996 budget called ``the 1996 budget on second look,'' and it was really the 1996 budget you don't want to look at, because it was pretty bad. So, the board ended up doing it itself, so----    Mr. Williams. I recognize that this is a process of compromise and what I am saying is: I think that this bill works to achieve its intended purpose. I mean, yes, in an ideal world, I would prefer a stronger authority. For example, I mentioned a CFO. I think it would be great for the island to have a very strong CFO, going forward, who is autonomous and can provide an autonomous revenue estimate for the country.    Mr. Williams. Well, in Washington, DC, I think we had our first access to the credit markets for short-term debt in 1996. And I came in in the fall of 1995. There was downsizing that had taken place. We had taken control, under the oversight board, of the financial operations of the District, so I was able to establish credit. It seemed harsh and it seemed severe, but we established faith and credit. We were able to access the markets.    One lesson I think is, in my humble opinion, I don't think you are really helping anyone by trying to be, ``too nice.'' I think it is better to provide the medicine, provide the therapy, and get underway as quickly as possible to establish the expectations, get the economic growth program underway, get access to the markets underway. That is one lesson.    The second lesson that I think is very important and should not be underestimated is, when people talk about budgets, they often talk about conception of the budget, formulation of the budget. But as we have seen in many different levels of government from this level on down, budget execution is crucially important. So, the execution of a budget and a financial plan is just as important as its conception, and I would pay attention to that in the program here.    Mr. Williams. Again, I think the board can help rationalize the financial performance plan on which you can build economic incentives. I don't know particularly which. But by assuring the markets that there is execution in the government and settled expectations on the performance of the government, you can then begin to build economic investment.    Mr. Williams. I would agree with that, for the record.