    Mr. Simpson. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Thank you, Director Ashe, for being here today. It is always good to see you. Let me add my thanks to the Fish and Wildlife employees that have been under duress lately out in Oregon and other places. They are good people just trying to do the job that we have asked them to do. If we do not want them to do that job, they should not be there. We should not hire them.    Mr. Simpson. Yes. From those public officials and ranchers in the area and others.    I also want to thank everybody for mentioning the Monarch butterfly in their opening statements. As I told you last year, that is the state insect of Idaho, so it is almost as good as talking about potatoes, but not quite. Mr. Simpson. Now, I do not know who it was who said there are only two things that are certain in life, death and taxes. There is a third one, and that is that no matter what decision Fish and Wildlife Service makes, they are going to be sued by someone.    Mr. Simpson. Have you ever done a delisting that you have not been sued on?    Mr. Simpson. Somebody is going to be on the opposite side of this issue. In fact, that was one of the reasons, when wolves were delisted in Idaho and Montana--people say that Congress delisted the wolves. We did not delist the wolves. They say it was done without any science. We did not delist. All we did is tell Fish and Wildlife Service to reissue their order of delisting and that it was not subject to judicial review.    Mr. Simpson. Fish and Wildlife did the science and everything else.    Mr. Simpson. Well, last year, you told the subcommittee that the gray wolves in Western Great Lakes and Wyoming were recovered, did not warrant listing, and the States in those areas have responsible management plans.    Unfortunately, a provision similar to the one for Idaho and Montana was not included in the final bill--it was in the House appropriations bill, but was not included in the omnibus--that would have exempted the listing decision from judicial review in the Great Lakes and Wyoming.    As I understand it, Fish and Wildlife Service has been sitting on a proposed rule to delist wolves range-wide. Is that true? And if you were to propose that rule, and what is holding it up from being proposed, would that not solve the problem, other than you are going to get sued?    Mr. Simpson. Imagine that.    Mr. Simpson. Do those States have management plans?    Mr. Simpson. It would be nice if we could use the resources we are spending on all these lawsuits to actually go out and protect the species that need protection under the Endangered Species Act when the species are recovered, like wolves, instead of having to fight that battle forever and ever and ever.    I suspect you will probably see some language in an appropriations bill coming out of somewhere. I do not know where.    There are a couple other questions I am going to submit for the record on the Comprehensive Conservation Plan for the Minidoka refuge. Our office would like an update on what is going on there and what that looks like.    Mr. Simpson. Thank you.    Mr. Simpson. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Thanks, Director. I am sorry I missed our appointment yesterday, but around here, they make us vote occasionally. It just screws up our whole schedule. So anyway, I am sorry about that, but it is good to see you again.    It is nice that you brought Grace along, back to her old stomping grounds on the committee. It is good to see you again.    One thing about an endowment is that we are appropriators and what happens is you all of a sudden get automatic funding through an endowment, and then the funding from the appropriators goes down, because you have this funding. So that is something you have to watch when you are pursuing an endowment.    I was going to ask about the annual collecting fees process that we authorize through this appropriation versus a long-term reauthorization by the authorizing committee, and the need for that. However, I think you answered that with Mr. Israel's question.    What concerns me to some degree is, A, the number of new units we are putting in the park service without the thought of how we are going to maintain those and how that impacts the backlog of maintenance and so forth in the current parks that exist.    I will give you an example. In Idaho, they are having a discussion right now. There are a lot of people who would like to make Craters of the Moon a national park.    I view the national parks as the jewels, the Yellowstones, the Glaciers, even Yosemite, and other major national parks.    There are places for national monuments, for unique characteristics. Everybody agrees that Craters of the Moon is a unique landscape and characteristics. I do not know that a national park necessarily is justified there. But a lot of people look at it as, if it was called a national park, it would bring in a lot more visitors and it would get a lot more unappropriated dollars to maintain it. I do not know that you are going to get more dollars.    But we seem to be expanding and thinning out your ability to address the maintenance in the current parks that we have by adding new units.    In your testimony, you said, ``Of this increase, $150.5 million will address the deferred maintenance backlog. Together with the mandatory proposal discussed below, this will provide the National Park Service the resources to restore and maintain all currently identified, highest priority nontransportation assets in good condition over the next 10 years.''    What about, A, the transportation backlog, and the non-high priority? What is going to happen to the backlog overall?    Mr. Simpson. Thank you.    Mr. Simpson. Will the gentlelady yield?    Mr. Simpson. Just out of curiosity, I do not know who the concessionaire is, is this the only park that they have been in? Or are they in other parks also?    Mr. Simpson. Really? Okay.    Mr. Simpson. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Welcome back to the committee. It is always an exciting time on our committee when the EPA comes here. As you can tell, there are sometimes differences between Republicans and Democrats, and sometimes an agreement between Republicans and Democrats on such things in the Pacific Northwest.    I will have some questions that I will submit for the record on fish consumption and where we are on the arsenic rule and the difficulty of small communities complying with the 10 parts per billion, down from 50, and what means of assistance might be available to some of these very small communities that essentially cannot do it.    But I want to ask something else. I watched with some interest, the hearing last week with the Government Oversight Committee with you and Governor Snyder of Michigan. Quite frankly, I was dismayed.    There is a lot of finger-pointing going on, a lot of finger-pointing that is going to be going on for quite some time. They will write books about this in the future, about what happened, and what did not happen, and who did what.    The problem is that does not solve the problem.    Mr. Simpson. What we need to do is solve the problem.    What I want to know from you is, what should the City of Flint, the State of Michigan, and the Federal Government, Congress, be doing to address this problem in Flint? And then, what are the lessons learned from this moving on? As I understand it, there are as many as 2,000 communities out there that might be facing the same type of situation.    If in that answer you could tell me, because I do not know that people have the solid background on what the demand is out there in water and sewer systems in this country, what the total backlog of maintenance of water and sewer systems is in the country? And how much the Feds along with State and local communities spend trying to address that backlog each year? Because at the rate we are going, it is going to take 100 years to address the backlog that exists today.    I will turn it over to you.    Mr. Simpson. That is just water systems?    Mr. Simpson. I appreciate that. One quick question. You mentioned in your opening statement that you had $42 million in technical assistance for water systems in small communities. You have done away with the rural water technical assistance program.    Mr. Simpson. Does that mean those funds are transferred over to this account?    Mr. Simpson. Okay. I appreciate it. Thank you.    Mr. Simpson. Thank you.    Following up on that answer, we had a hearing here 3 years ago--on alternative financing methods to address this backlog of unmet needs, because, quite frankly, the way we are going at it now, it is going to grow. We are never going to get to the end of this backlog of maintenance needs in water and sewer programs.    So I think the industry and regulators and others need to get together with Congress and look at alternative methods of financing these.    But I just want to agree with Mr. Kilmer that Dennis McLerran does a great job out in Region 10. We are having a little difference with Region 10 and the State on fish consumption. But we have differences, and we will hopefully work those out.    But again, I will submit that for the record.    But I just wanted to point out, as we are kind of getting ready to wrap things up here, I think the chairman said that nondefense discretionary spending under the budget deal is at $40 million. Is that right?    Mr. Simpson. That is assuming we can accept a budget deal at some point in time and get a budget passed, under the best of all possible worlds, given the budget deal that was passed last year.    So nondefense discretionary spending is about $40 million. You have asked for an increase of $127 million. There are gimmicks in it, as in the energy and water bill and other bills, shifting things into mandatory funding, things that we know are not going to happen, tax increases that we are pretty sure are not going to happen. I do not see putting on an oil barrel tax, or some of the other things that are used to pay for the budget request.    So we have all of those conflicts, yet you sit here and you listen to all of us. We talked about the Long Island Sound needing more funding, the Puget Sound needing more funding, the Great Lakes initiative needing more funding, DERA needing more funding, rural water technical programs needing more funding, STAG grants needing more funding, and given the circumstances that we are probably going to have at least a flat and maybe even a reduced budget in certain appropriations bills this coming year.    That is the challenge that we are going to face. We are going to have to balance those competing interests and try to put together a bill because it is not just the EPA and the programs within the EPA that we will have some differences on. It is all the myriad and different programs that are under Chairman Calvert's purview in that bill.    It is going to be a tough one to write, a lot tougher than most people think. So I just wanted to bring that into reality here.    Mr. Simpson. Thank you.    Mr. Simpson. America's first national park, right?    Mr. Simpson. Yes, it was.    Mr. Simpson. Well, thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And thank you for being here today. We have votes that have just started and are going on, so come by my office and talk to me. I would like to talk to you about some of the things. What is going on in Panama, and what the Smithsonian does there is obviously important. I want to talk to you about the cladding. Is this the same thing that happened with the National Art Gallery that needed to be replaced? The exterior of it?    Mr. Simpson. Yeah.    Mr. Simpson. Yeah. It is a political answer. I give that answer all the time.    Mr. Simpson. Is it the same issue relative to what caused the necessity for replacing it?    Mr. Simpson. Okay.    And the other thing I would like to talk to you about at some point in time when we have some time is, are you getting pressure on the Arts and Industries Building to use it for the Hispanic museum? Or is that a question you don't want to answer?    Mr. Simpson. Thank you. I appreciate that.    And I have got to tell you, it is not fair that you get to bring in all this neat stuff and it distracts us that so that we don't even listen to your testimony or care about your budget. And, the EPA could bring in something with Quagga mussels all over it, but it is not very exciting. You have an advantage that others don't.    Mr. Simpson. Thank you.