    Mrs. Capps. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And thank you, Mr. Secretary, for your testimony and your presence here.    As you well know, climate change is real. The effects are real, and the time to act is now. Communities across the country and around the world are already facing the consequences. And it is going to take great leadership and political will to do what is necessary to act decisively to change this troubling trajectory.    This past December, almost all the world's countries came together to forge a path forward to respond to this fact. At the heart of this need is the requirement that we recognize the dangers associated with a business-as-usual approach to our energy landscape and embrace and implement the renewable energy technologies as quickly and broadly as possible. I was glad you spoke to this in your opening remarks.    This need is twofold. First, we need to rapidly expand on the implementation of existing green technologies, such as solar power, increased energy efficiency, but we also need to invest in developing new technologies that will help us transition to renewable energy sources. This is important, of course, for the environment, but also it really is a boost to our economy with the good-paying jobs that it can create.    But in order to lead in green tech innovation, we must actively support our researchers, scientists, startups, and investors. For example, the universities in my district have been integrally involved in research into developing green technologies. And you mentioned the Energy Frontier Research Centers designed by DOE in 2009. And UC Santa Barbara in my district was one of the first to apply and receive this boost. Since then, the center has made significant advances in key energy technologies, like photovoltaics and LEDs. Similarly, Cal Poly in San Luis Obispo has recently been awarded a DOE grant to conduct research into energy-generating offshore wave technology as part of the CalWave project.    So, Secretary Moniz, Mission Innovation, you have described it as a landmark commitment to dramatically accelerate public and private global clean energy innovation. Will you just give an example or two of how--I know you have already done so, but expand on that a bit--how this will help develop technologies required to move us toward a greener future? Specifically, I think how we can incentivize. To me, it is so much about our universities and research institutions.    Mrs. Capps. I know you did.    Mrs. Capps. Thank you.    My second question, Mr. Chairman, was going to be to ask you to elaborate even more on ARPA-E, but you have already done so. If you want to submit anything more for the record. I am so taken by the significance of ARPA-E to our national security. The more we become energy independent as a Nation, the better it is for the world and, certainly, for our place in the world. But thank you again.    Mrs. Capps. Thank you.    Mrs. Capps. Maybe he is suggesting a field trip for the committee.    Mrs. Capps. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.