    Mr. Langevin. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Thank you for convening this hearing. And I want to thank you to our witnesses for testifying today on the President's fiscal year 2017 budget request for information technology and cyber programs.    Last week, we heard about the cyber mission force build and operations from Admiral Rogers, and today we will hear about the infrastructure our warfighters operate within and defend for the enterprise. Cyber Command has advocated for the ability to see the network in order to provide better defense. The joint information environment, or JIE, is the guiding effort for achieving this capability. And today I hope to hear about the progress made under the JIE umbrella, governance for this effort, and service contributions.    Another major undertaking I would like to discuss today is implementing the Department's cloud strategy. The DOD's migration to the cloud has slowed due to laborious certification requirements and an acquisition system unable to keep up with cloud services procurement. This also seems to hinder any efficiency or cost savings that could otherwise be achieved.    Finally, the DOD has been tasked with building and maintaining the IT system for OPM's new National Background Investigation Bureau. While it makes sense the Department provide expertise on building a secure system, I am concerned the DOD is assuming all the risk by providing resources and assuming responsibility for decisions made outside the Department.    As a long-term advocate for cybersecurity within this subcommittee, I am glad we have taken the time to not only discuss the build and operations, but also the infrastructure our cyber warriors operate within every day over the last few weeks.    Again, thank you, Mr. Chairman, and I want to thank our witnesses for being here today to discuss this important topic. And I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Langevin. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Again, I want to thank both of our witnesses for being here and what you are doing in the IT and cyber sphere.    So one of the questions I had--and, Terry, you talked about it just a minute ago in terms of, well, the private sector increasing what they are paying their cybersecurity folks, and it is going to be particularly challenging now for us to compete to get that top-end talent.    I know in the NDAA last year, we gave more flexibility to the Department to try to take advantage of that IT talent. You know, for example, allowing potentially--as I envision it--to see private sector to be able to detail for maybe a year or two these high-end individuals that, you know, it would be challenging for us to both afford, attract, and keep for a long period of time.    But, you know, companies have an interest in patriotic duty and want to help secure the Nation in cyberspace. So we made some progress in that with the NDAA, giving some flexibility to the Department. Can you tell me, do you need additional authorities to further take advantage of that talent so that we have the cyber workforce that is as robust as possible and our networks are as secure and as robust as possible?    Mr. Langevin. Good. I mean, that is exactly where I hope that we are going to be and that is what we want to get to. Please, I hope you will work with us and tell us how we can be of help in terms of additional legislation and language that you need to get to that point.    So as I mentioned in my opening statement, I find it appropriate the Department of Defense is involved in building a new IT system for OPM's new National Background Investigation Bureau that will house sensitive personnel information.    However, I am concerned that the DOD has been given guidance and deadlines that are not realistic and is assuming all responsibility for performance, when the decision-making authority may be shared.    So my questions are, can you describe the Department of Defense's role in building and maintaining a new IT system? Specifically, what is the amount requested for fiscal year 2017, as well as in the out years? Was additional money added to the top line for DISA's role in this effort? Or is it coming out of hide?    What are the resources that are being provided for this effort? Is the current workforce sufficient to meet the demand or will additional personnel be billeted? Will the Department have sole decision-making authority in building and maintaining the system? Or is it shared with OPM and other communities? And what timelines have been established for delivering the system?    And, Mr. Levine, if I could--Levine, I am sorry--what role will you have in doing business process re-engineering to change the way NBIB does business so it fits the IT system, not the other way around? And if you need me to repeat any part of that, I will be glad to. Sorry it is such a long list.    Mr. Langevin. Fair enough.    Mr. Langevin. I would appreciate it, whatever additional detail you could provide. And I would just assure we stand ready to support you in this effort as you make the transition. And Mr. Levine?    Mr. Langevin. Very good. Thank you. I yield back.    Mr. Langevin. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Again, thanks to our witnesses for being here.    So yesterday I had the opportunity to have a sit-down with Deputy National Security Adviser Avril Haines and the Homeland Security Adviser, Lisa Monaco, to discuss the Comprehensive National Cybersecurity Initiative . And I have certainly been an advocate for many of the proposals under the CNCI for some time, and specifically the appointment of an individual at the executive level to oversee Federal cybersecurity enterprise.    And it is one of the problems that I think previously on the .gov side they really don't have anybody in charge with both policy and budgetary authority that can reach across government and compel departments and agencies to do what they need to do in cyber. Hence, you have things like the OPM breach that happened.    And I think DOD, by the way, is doing a much better job in terms of defending the .mil network. And all of that, as difficult and challenging as it is, it is important. And they are doing good work. But can you describe how DOD fits into the overall CNAP , as it is called? And more specifically, how DOD will interact with the new individual, the Federal Chief Information Security Officer who will be appointed to coordinate cybersecurity policies and activities?    Mr. Langevin. Okay. What progress has DOD made on cloud computing, specifically integration of capabilities provided by essential service providers, and are there enough certified to create a competitive field? And how are security concerns being addressed?    Mr. Langevin. Thank you. I just--I know my time is expired, but I will say, I hope along with all of this we are paying maximum attention to the security of the cloud. It does still concern me that, you know, we have the crown jewels in some ways all in one place. And my colleague, Jim Cooper, likes to refer to the cloud as the acronym for Chinese Love Our Uploaded Data. And so security can't be tight enough, as far as I am concerned.    Mr. Langevin. Thank you. Thank you very much.