    Mr. Johnson. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    I would like to make three points. The first is to strongly agree with what Mr. Cummings said at the beginning with regards to effective overall interest rates in the U.S. economy on new entries. And I'm afraid--and I think this is absolutely the key fact for this hearing, and I hope we can establish those facts--I'm afraid there is an issue--perhaps it's an issue of omission--in Mr. Browning's testimony. He had some slides prepared by people at the University of Utah, and they seemed to have read a Richmond Fed research paper on this issue of interest rate spreads.    The Richmond Fed paper itself references and is based on a Federal Reserve Board of Governors paper. I have that paper with me, and I have the figure to which they seem to be referring. They say interest rate spreads have remained relatively stable for banks. That statement applies to established banks, Mr. Chairman, not to de novo banks, the point made by Mr. Cummings, because they have a different loan portfolio, they don't inherit loans that already have interest rates at a certain level.    So the evidence is clearly, from the Fed's research, which is being referenced by Mr. Browning, the evidence is clearly that the net interest spread for de novo banks is much lower than it has ever been in recorded U.S. history. That's a major disincentive to create community banks.    The second point I would like to make, Mr. Chairman, builds on what you said at the beginning, which I think is also fundamental to this hearing, which is the FDIC is an insurance company--a strange insurance company, an insurance company chartered by the Federal Government, backed ultimately by the taxpayer. But as you know, Mr. Chairman, if the FDIC faces losses or the deposit fund faces losses, those are covered by premiums paid by other banks.    Now, we can, I think, reasonably look at the FDIC's performance as an insurance company over the past couple of cycles. And what we see, including in the most recent experience, is that the FDIC's deposit fund almost ran out of money.    Now, if you think that the FDIC is being overly cautious over the business cycle, the credit cycle, you'd expect that fund to always be positive, maybe even highly positive. That was not the experience.    If the FDIC was being reckless, and we're asking the FDIC to take bigger risks today--well, you're asking any insurance company to take bigger risks, they're going to have bigger losses over the cycle, you're going to have bigger negatives in that insurance fund--those premiums are not, Mr. Chairman, that deficit is not ultimately going to be paid by the taxpayer. We're the backstop. We're the line of credit through the Treasury. It's the people sitting behind me representing the banking industry who are going to pay a high premium.    So the question, I think, comes down to--and I hope we can get to this--do established bankers want to pay a higher premium to run their existing business? Because that's basically what the ask is today, if you're asking the FDIC to take more risk.    Now, as Chairman Gruenberg said, the FDIC has attempted to move its rules recently, and they have relaxed or reduce the de novo supervision and intensive scrutiny period from 7 years back to 3 years. I think that's a responsible move, and I'm supportive of that. I really do not see a case for asking the FDIC to take greater risks with their deposit fund unless the bankers are all adamant that they want to pay higher insurance fees, because the taxpayer certainly does not want to be on the hook here and will not be on the hook.    The third and final point I would like to make is with regard to what are and are not the big issues here. I think Mr. Cummings put his finger exactly on one of the big issues, which is the lack of affordable, responsibly provided financial services to low-income communities. There's a huge gap in the United States, and many of the alternative financial services that currently exist are, frankly, predatory. If you look at all the different ways that credit is provided to those communities, it's not acceptable. There's big issues there of consumer protection, and I hope we can discuss those to some degree.    But if we're talking about entry and what affects entry and what distorts competition in this market, Mr. Chairman, I think we have to talk about the big banks. We have to talk about the unresolved questions around too big to fail. The very largest banks in this country have an unfair, distortive, implicit subsidy from the taxpayer, because they are not allowed to fail and the creditors would ultimately be protected.    The FDIC is involved in trying to improve that situation, and there is a living wills requirement, as you know, for all these big banks. But, frankly, 6 years after that requirement was created, we have not made enough progress with those living wills.    So, you know, if we want to talk about entry, we should be talking about fintech, we should be talking about new ways that finance is provided in the United States. There's a lot of risk capital going into finance. Yes, it is relatively hard to get insured deposits, but that's because the FDIC has responsibility not to impose bigger effective taxes on the rest of the banking industry.    Where are we on too big to fail, and how can we possibly create a level playing field for community banks before and until we really make sure that no bank and bank holding company in the United States is too big to fail?    Thank you very much.    Mr. Johnson. The primary explanation, Congressman, is the low interest rates. And I think the reconciliation of the points Mr. Chaffetz was making earlier is, for existing banks, if you have existing loans at relatively fixed rates, yes, there's some return to profitability.    But if you're a de novo bank that doesn't inherit these loans, that actually holds a lot more in Federal funds, for example--this is all in the Fed paper Mr. Browning was trying to cite--it's all there. It's all clearly documented. The profitability for a de novo on a forward-looking, prospective basis, as being valued by the FDIC, is very low. In fact, it's lower than it's ever been in recorded data.    Mr. Johnson. Yeah. I think Mr. Chessen's article was spot on in that regard. Low interest rate environment, very hard for investors to make money. And if you're the insurance company--remember, the FDIC is not chartering any banks at all, none. The FDIC provides--agrees to provide you with deposit insurance or not.    So from an insurance company perspective, evaluating the risks, if they can't make any money, if they're not going to be profitable because of this low interest rate environment, that's substantially higher risk, and you should, therefore, on a prudent basis be less willing to provide them with insurance.    Mr. Johnson. There are huge differences, Congressman. Mr. Williams' achievement is impressive, let me be clear, but there was a very different interest rate environment. Interest rates did not fall anywhere near the level that they are today or they've been since the financial crisis. For the past 8 years almost we've had extremely low interest rates. There's a very, very different world than anything we have ever seen in the United States.    Mr. Johnson. Yes, I think Mr. Chessen is actually citing the same Federal Reserve research that I was talking about. That's what they've documented very clearly in the data, a failure rate of de novo banks two times established banks. And as Mr. Gruenberg already said, there's a lot of failures between years 3 and 7 in that, which is why they heightened or extended the de novo scrutiny period in 2009.    Mr. Johnson. Well, the FDIC has looked at this carefully, and I cite the research in my paper. I think it's good research. They found a lot of de novos failed, including this recent episode.    Now, the FDIC is not charged with making sure that zero banks fail. It's an insurance company, so some failure is acceptable, as long as it's covered by the premium.    Another key issue is, over the cycle, what happens to deposit funds. That's a really tangible, you know, hard-to-argue-with measure of how this insurance company did. And as Mr. Gruenberg said, they were negative $20 billion. So they were on the side slightly of allowing too many banks with not very good prospects over the business cycle to enter.    You know, I think, looking back and seeing how they managed to build it up, it's hard to complain too much. I don't think the FDIC did a bad job on financial regulation. But there's no way that they were shutting out the banks or preventing them from entering, and I don't think that's the business they're in today.    Mr. Johnson. It would create greater risk for the insurance fund, and over the cycle you would have bigger losses. Those losses would be covered by larger assessments, both on an income statement basis and on a cash basis, from the industry. The taxpayer is exposed to some risk. Deposit funds have failed in other situations, in other countries, at other moments of U.S. history. I don't think FDIC would fail. I think it's the bankers and the banking industry that would ultimately pay. And I don't think that's what the industry wants, and I don't think that's what the economy needs.    Mr. Johnson. Well, it's a fascinating hypothetical, Mr. Jordan. Certainly----    Mr. Johnson. Well, it certainly has happened in Europe. I don't think we're--that's an imminent development in the United States. But, yes, to your point, if interest rates are negative, that is going to squeeze the net interest margin further.    Mr. Johnson. Well, in terms of net interest margin, it's certainly going to be difficult for de novo community banks.    Mr. Johnson. Well, look, if you want to talk about the consumer, we should be talking more broadly about all of finance and entry into the financial sector, including the impact of fintech, which, as you know, is substantial and growing.    So that conversation about the consumer is not only about community banks. But to the extent we're focused on de novo community banks, it's certainly not going to be helpful to the issues that the chairman has put before us today.    Mr. Johnson. Well, Congresswoman, as you know, these alternative financial institutions charge very high rates of interest. The terms and conditions they provide are not always fully transparent. There are many instances of, frankly, predatory behavior in that industry.    And, partly, I think it's about the consumers not understanding what they're getting into, not realizing how expensive this is. But as Mr. Cummings already said, there is an issue of how readily available are reasonable financial--affordable financial services in that community, and that that's clearly a big problem.    Mr. Johnson. Well, Mr. Clay, this is a very serious issue. Indeed, the FDIC, since it was created in the 1930s, has been the gold standard for independent regulation, not just in the United States but around the world. So you have 80 years of success, and of course, there's a lot of pressures on all kinds of regulators, including through various kinds of revolving doors and other mechanisms that we've seen operate all too well.    Mr. Johnson. The FDIC has stood under that pressure over decades, and I'm afraid we can't say the same for other banking regulators. So I think it would be extremely unwise to change the funding basis of the FDIC and to bring it closer to Congress. We've had some very unfortunate experiences with regulators that are funded through the annual appropriation process, and I think it would be extremely bad for the banking industry, as well as for the economy, if the FDIC were to be moved in that direction.    Mr. Johnson. Well, I think you would get much less effective regulation. I think it's much harder to have predictable regulatory environment when the funding is uncertain, and as various kinds of activities increase, this has been a big issue, for example, around derivative transactions, for example. We didn't increase the amount of scrutiny of that, in part, because of the constraints of the appropriation process, and you can get very large industries developing with almost no regulatory scrutiny, and of course, that hurt us very badly in 2008.    Mr. Johnson. I don't recall that precise article. I have written on that topic many, many times. The general point is that when you provide incentives, with some sort of downside protection, so too big to fail would be the most notable version of this, but also it comes up, by the way, in a lot of the conservative commentary about deposit insurance over long periods of time.    If you're protecting people from downside risk, and on the upside, they do very well, then they are naturally, just as a matter of arithmetic applied to incentives, they are naturally going the take more risk.    Now, sometimes you might feel that you can contain that. That has been the experience with deposit insurance in the U.S. over the years, but unfortunately, with regard to larger financial institutions and some of the largest and they run up to 2008, the risk that they took was so big that they ended up having a devastating effect on the real economy. That's why we had this massive recession.    Mr. Johnson. I'm afraid that the largest, what are now, bank holding companies, they still have an enormous amount of effective downside protection provided by the Federal authorities, both the Federal Reserve and other parts of the U.S. Government, and we have not ended the problems associated with these too-big-to-fail financial institutions. So that's a distortion of their incentives.    And as the chairman, Chairman Chaffetz opened the hearing, argued that systemic risk is going up. I think he's right but for a different reason, which is it's the effects of these very large financial institutions and the distorted incentives. Systemic risk is hardly affected at all by the margin of de novo community banks. That's just a matter, again, of arithmetic. They are very small relative to GDP. The largest financial institutions are huge. The largest single bank in the country, JP Morgan Chase has a systemic footprint, which the Fed calculates to be about 40 percent of U.S. GDP, four-zero percent, so dwarfs anything that we've been discussing so far this morning.    Mr. Johnson. Yeah. It's certainly how you compensate your executives is a very important part of the risk profile that your bank or any firm adopts. And as I read the FDIC criteria, which frankly, I find to be pretty transparent, well explained, and I like the Q&As as well, as I read them, that is one of the criteria. There is other criteria as specified by Congress, but yes, from a point of view, deposit just the narrow deposit insurance, I think the FDIC does take that into account.    Of course, the FDIC also has additional responsibilities created by Dodd-Frank with regards to some of the largest financial institutions, including with regard to living wills, and that, may also be a consideration that although, frankly, there's less transparency on that process.    Mr. Johnson. Well, I want to make sure I understand the question, and the wording is really important. Bankruptcy generally, refers to the process where the FDIC is not involved, you go to the courts, and it's administered as a court run process. That's the standard, obviously, for nonfinancial companies.    We have attempted that. Sometimes financial companies, for smaller relatively simple financial companies, yes, bankruptcy does work. For any kind of large complex financial institution, bankruptcy didn't work in the past, would not work today. It would be a catastrophe. You'd be back to Lehman Brothers. That's why we have the OLA, that's why we have the potential for the FDIC resolution process. I think that could be helpful under some circumstances, but I think that the large complex institutions are still a bit too big and too complex and that none of them have produced living wills, to the best of my knowledge, that really would assure us that they could be resolved in an FDIC run process without major negative effects on the financial system and on the economy.    Mr. Johnson. Yes, I am    Mr. Johnson. I think it would be a disaster. I think that we experienced vivid and horrible detail in 2008 what happens when you say large financial institution is failing, let's have it sorted out by bankruptcy. Lehman went bankrupt. Let's be clear. Lehman went through the bankruptcy process, and I don't think any of us enjoyed the consequences, and I really don't think we want to go back there.    Mr. Johnson. Look, if you're talking about the full costs and benefits of financial regulation, including avoiding a massive recession with millions of jobs lost, the loss of at least 1 year's GDP, low growth for 8 years, if that's in the cost benefit analysis, then I'm in favor, but unfortunately, that's not what is put in even the legislative language or in the standards of protection of cost benefit analysis. They use a much narrower definition. That frankly is deeply, deeply misleading with regard to why we have financial regulation, how financial regulation works, and what happens when it fails    Mr. Johnson. Mr. Lynch, I don't think there's any kind of conspiracy. There's a longstanding process of consolidation in the industry, which was prompted by Congress, by the way, when it repealed the restrictions on interstate banking. So that's what happened, historically, and as banks were able to spread across States, you got the prospect of consolidation. The one big thing we haven't talked about today, perhaps, is economies of scale in banking due to technology.    So the fact you have pretty demanding information technology requirements is another squeeze on the banks under $100 million, and this has been looked at carefully by the FDIC, among others. Economies of scale, so in terms of what your costs are relative to your assets, they come down quite quickly until you get down to about $100 million, in assets, and then it flattens out.    So this is more pressure on that lower--the smaller banks, historically, they were more important than they are today. And from a de novo bank, it raises the amount of capital that you need up front because you've got to get to that economies of scale. That just reinforces what you're saying, Mr. Lynch.    Mr. Johnson. Yes, Congresswoman. The point, very simply, is exactly what you are referring to, which is we would like every firm in this country to be able to go bankrupt, potentially, without any kind of government intervention. I think that's a completely shared goal.    And that is the case of the nonfinancial sector. It is not the case, as we learned vividly in 2008, for the financial sector.    So the living wills are supposed to be a documentation provided to the regulators that demonstrates beyond a reasonable doubt, presumably, that these large financial firms can fail without the FDIC or anyone else being involved. So that's Title I of Dodd-Frank.    Title II, ordered liquidation authority, is a backup in case the bankruptcy process doesn't work. But the FDIC and the Federal Reserve are supposed to be completely confident, by reviewing the living wills, that these banks can fail without any kind of government involvement or government financial assistance or temporary loan or anything. So that's, I think, a completely reasonable goal that should be shared across the political spectrum.    Mr. Johnson. Yes, Congresswoman, I think it's a very big question. And, of course, it's not just the FDIC. It's the FDIC and the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System. They act together in this. And I'm afraid, for precisely the reason that you identified, because we haven't seen any of these remedial actions required, I'm afraid that public confidence in the FDIC and the Fed with regards to having viable living wills that really would keep the taxpayers off the hook and give us much broader financial system stability, I'm afraid confidence in that is low, and I would presume it will decline further.    Mr. Johnson. Congressman, I have some data. Can I give you the data on this? It's actually from Mr. Browning's testimony. This is drawing from the Richmond Fed's research and the Fed's research, and it's consistent with what the FDIC has also published.    Now, I'm not trying to trivialize these expenses and costs at all, including for certain segments of the market, but if you take on average what Mr. Browning's testimony says, he's quoting these academics, the increase is relatively small and, more importantly, the size of the expense is just too small to have a big effect on bank profitability.    Mr. Johnson. I'm sorry, this is the data, Congressman, this is the data, and I do spend a lot of time working with the private sector, with all due respect, in my university----    Mr. Johnson. Well, the Volcker rule, which is complex in its details, is designed to reduce or eliminate--substantially reduce proprietary trading by financial institutions, by banks. So this should be--you shouldn't--you're not allowed, if you are a bank, to engage in more than a small amount of trading in securities for your own--using your own capital for your own account. So it's separation of client activity from proprietary trading.    Mr. Johnson. So Mr. Browning can correct me, but my understanding of this in general would be these are funds that clients have made available for trading, buying, and selling securities. And you, obviously, have some cash available, because you've sold something or because you're planning to buy something and you haven't yet bought it. I believe what they're going--what they'll be doing is sweeping that out of an account, which perhaps was held at another bank--I'm not sure about that--and sweeping it into their bank.    And the bottom line, Mrs. Maloney, would be this is less stable as a source of funding than a typical retail deposit, which is not subject to daily decisions that people are making. Should I buy securities? Should I sell securities? Those are big decisions relative to the underlying amount of funding. We don't do that, obviously, in our day-to-day retail financial transactions.    Mr. Johnson. I did have a chance to look at his testimony that was available on the table, and I am quite a quick reader, Mr. Chairman, yes.    Mr. Johnson. I'm sorry, Mr. Chairman, I didn't speak to that at all, in anything----    Mr. Johnson. Well, I look forward to discussing these details with you further, Mr. Meadows.    Mr. Johnson. Look, I understand it's sworn testimony. The chairman has already said something about my sworn testimony that I believe is not accurate, Mr. Meadows.    Mr. Johnson. I feel that you are trying to trap me here, Mr. Meadows.    Mr. Johnson. I think it's unfair, and I think it's unreasonable, Mr. Chairman, for you and for Mr. Meadows to put me in this position.    Mr. Johnson. Mr. Meadows, I'm not challenging Mr. Browning's integrity, and there's nothing in the record today that will demonstrate to any fair reader that I have challenged his integrity.    Mr. Johnson. Mr. Meadows, I will be delighted to have that conversation.    Mr. Johnson. So I think we completely agree on this point, Mr. Mulvaney. Just to be clear, though, on the data, you made a very important point at the beginning. You said it's a highly profitable industry, we should expect a lot of entry. That's totally correct. But as we were discussing earlier, the profitability of de novo banks is rather low as an unfortunate, you could say, side effect of the very low Federal funds rates and the low 10-year Treasury rate.    Mr. Johnson. Now, as interest rates go up, that will help.    Mr. Johnson. Absolutely. And I think a lot of the discussion here and a lot of the suggestions you're making to the FDIC are completely appropriate. I think we should be asking, are there compliance requirements that are unfair, unreasonable, out of proportion to the risks that are posed? I think that's an entirely reasonable question.    The only point I was trying to make was there are other factors which according to the research are very important in the current situation, so don't be too hard on them given the interest rate environment. But as interest rates come back up, we should, to your point, Mr. Mulvaney, exactly expect more entry into the sector.    And to also support you, Mr. Mulvaney, if we look at Fintech, so other kinds of financial services where it's not generally funded by an insured bank, right, that's a typical characteristic of fintech, we see a lot of entry into that sector, we see a lot of risk capital, we see a lot of people wanting to provide loans to--particularly away from mortgages to consumers in different ways. So that's----    Mr. Johnson. Exactly. Exactly. So there are impediments in this sector, no doubt. The impediments are about the structure of banking. The impediments are about the nature of the economies of scale and potentially also the compliance. Fintech, you know, is an end run around some compliance. Maybe that's appropriate. Maybe we should have some concerns about it, separate discussion. But I think we're agreeing, Mr. Mulvaney, more than anything else here.