    Chairman Royce. If we could ask all the members to take their seat and the audience as well, this hearing Reforming the National Security Council: Efficiency and Accountability, will come to order.    In recent years, there has been increasing bipartisan concern over the size and the role of the President's National Security Council. In too many cases, its traditional role of ``honest broker'' has evolved to a policy-making role. It has even undertaken secret diplomatic negotiations and that has been done outside of Congress' view.    Indeed, one observer recently wrote, ``The national security advisor and his or her staff remain among the most influential entities in the Federal bureaucracy that are not subject to direct congressional oversight.'' This has proven to be a problem for this committee.    While concerns about the NSC aren't new, they have reached new heights, leading to current proposals before Congress to statutorily restrict the size of the NSC staff. This is a staff that has increased from 100 persons at the start of President George Bush's presidency to reportedly over 400 people today on the NSC staff. Such a large staff sends the message that the President intends to run foreign policy and military operations out of the White House to the exclusion of the cabinet.    It also makes for more meddlers. Indeed, former Defense Secretary Gates has complained that the ``micromanagement'' of the Obama White House ``drove me crazy.'' A smaller staff would more likely empower cabinet secretaries to do what they have been selected and confirmed by the Senate to do and that is to run their departments.    More staff means more meetings and often paralysis. According to a report in the Washington Post last year, on some issues, NSC meetings of the cabinet deputies ``grew so repetitive'' that ``deputies stopped coming, sending assistant secretaries and below in their stead.'' How many hearings has the committee held on Ukraine at which State Department officials have told us that the White House is still debating Kiev's request for heavy defensive weapons?    Also of concern, the profile of an NSC staffer has changed from a seasoned professional doing a stint at the White House as the capstone of their career, to that of junior professionals just off the campaign trail. As one interviewed for the Atlantic Council's Study we will hear about today said, ``This is no place for on-the-job training of bright, young, but inexperienced people.'' Especially at the expense of the State Department.    Take the President's move to normalize relations with Cuba, secretly run out of the White House by two NSC staffers. Secretary of State Kerry was not informed of these negotiations until the discussions were well underway, and State Department officials in charge of the region found out only as the negotiations were all but done.    Why do we care? When the committee requested that these NSC staffers testify, we were told no and given a separation of powers excuse. But our role and the responsibility is to conduct oversight of U.S. relations with foreign nations. And if the committee can't hear directly from those most involved in these negotiations, our role and influence--and that of the American people we represent--is significantly minimalized.    This morning, we will hear from several witnesses who have direct experience with the growing size and role of the President's NSC. While today's focus is about process, process is important to good policy. And we hope that our discussion will lead to recommendations for the next administration to improve the efficiency of this important body.    And I now turn to the ranking member for any opening remarks from Mr. Eliot Engel of New York.    Chairman Royce. Thank you, Mr. Engel. So, this morning we are pleased to be joined by a distinguished panel. We have Ambassador David Miller. He is a Nonresident Senior Fellow at the Atlantic Council. Previously, Ambassador Miller served as the Special Assistant to the President for National Security Affairs at the National Security Council staff. Additionally, he served as the United States Ambassador to Zimbabwe and to Tanzania.    The Honorable Lincoln Bloomfield. Ambassador Bloomfield is chairman of the board of the Stimson Center and previously he held a series of positions in the Departments of State and Defense, including serving as the Assistant Secretary of State for Political Military Affairs.    And we have the Honorable Derek Chollet. He is Counselor and Senior Advisor for Security and Defense Policy at the German Marshall Fund of the United States and previously he served as the Assistant Secretary for International Security Affairs at the Department of Defense.    Without objection, the witnesses' full prepared statements will be made part of the record and members will have 5 calendar days to submit any statements or questions or any extraneous material for the record.    So, Ambassador Miller, if you could please summarize your remarks, we will begin with you.    Ambassador Miller. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. It is nice to see you again.    Chairman Royce. Good to see you back.    Ambassador Miller. We spent many interesting hearings on Africa, so it is great to be back.    Ranking Member Engel, thank you and all the members of the committee. I must say I am exceptionally pleased to see this many members of your body interested in the management of the NSC. It is an immensely serious topic. It doesn't get a lot of public discussion.    Chairman Royce. I am going to ask you, though, Ambassador, to move your microphone right there.    Ambassador Miller. Does that work? Good. It is just a lack of practice. I will get it.    I am here today to present the Atlantic Council report, which I think you all have seen a copy of. It is named ``A Foundational Proposal for the Next Administration.'' It was drafted over a couple of years by Ambassadors Tom Pickering and Chet Crocker, myself, and Dan Levin. I suspect you know most of them and have talked with them before.    The report is meant to address two issues, that is, what did we learn over the 60 or some interviews we conducted over 2 years. The interviews were conducted by all of us in-person. We felt that the subjects that were being discussed were sensitive enough that when you interviewed former cabinet officers or national security advisors that those doing the interviewing had to have had similar jobs, sat in the same meetings, and been subject to the same pressures.    I must say that the opening comments were excellent and, in many ways, speak to our observations but let me offer a few comments on the spirit of our report.    We spent so much time on the NSC because if it doesn't work, it is like congestive heart failure. If the NSC is not working well, the entire executive branch foreign policy and military structure slows down and is not effectively used.    And there is another point that I would like to make at the outset and I hope will make throughout the presentation and that is, this is a non-partisan report. We looked at administrations going back for some period of time. General Scowcroft's thesis at West Point was on the Eisenhower NSC. So, we go back a good ways.    I am fond of describing the document as an owner's manual for the NSC. It tells you what has worked in the past, what has not worked, and it is policy neutral, if you will. It is meant to say if you want to run an NSC in a manner that has been effective in the past, take a look at this document. Learning how to run the NSC is something that we may have lost track of.    The recommendations are quite simple and they are coincident with what you two have mentioned in your opening comments. The NSC needs to get back to its original mission of coordinating policies for the President and then ensuring that those policies are faithfully executed. The role of the National Security Advisor is absolutely critical. It is clearly, I believe, the most important Presidential appointment not subject to Senate confirmation.    The size of the NSC staff has, as we have all observed, grown quite large. There are a variety of reasons for that but it is much larger than it has been historically.    The NSC has struggled, over time, with creating a strategic planning staff that has never worked too well and there are some issues about how to coordinate executive branch legal advice better.    In the few moments I have left, the chairman had a question about why this happened. I think to a certain degree, the most important factor is inertia. It has just grown. It has not been successfully checked by the Congress or by cabinet members or agency heads. There is another observation that the NSC has become in-box driven, that there are so many issues in the world that surely, the President must have a position on all of them. The 24-hour news cycle I think is another contributing factor. We have talked to senior NSC officials who said the ability to delegate key Presidential positions to departments and agencies to make public statements has not worked exceptionally well.    The State Department, where I enjoyed working and am proud to have worked with the foreign service, is still seen as being too slow, too bureaucratic and we all need to address that. The multi-disciplined threat that you have mentioned is another issue where the NSC has stepped in and added personnel to deal with that. And finally, there is an issue that I will touch on at the end and that is there seems to have developed a serious split in this town between politically loyal foreign policy professionals and professionals that work for the departments and agencies. I think we need to address that.    Finally, and I thought your comments about the lack of an authorization bill for the State Department were bang on. There is little reward in this town for building institutional capability in the executive branch. That is in some distinction from the private sector, where the building of institutional capability is seen as a key responsibility for a CEO.    I am over my time but I have one less thing I would like to say. I have been out of town for a little bit and when I came back and got involved in writing this, my friends said to me, David, you have been gone too long. I am in San Antonio. And the trust that was in this town when I was younger, which was some time ago, seems to have gone. And I hope this hearing is part of a step to begin to develop a more civil dialogue among those of us who may see issues differently but we all love the country.    That is it.    Chairman Royce. Ambassador Miller, that is exactly the tone we want to set and we appreciate you being the lead witness here.    Ambassador Bloomfield.    Ambassador Bloomfield. Thank you, Chairman Royce, Ranking Member Engel. Thank you, members of the committee, for the honor of testifying before you today. I would like to second the remarks that both of you made. And it is clear that the issues that are covered in my prepared testimony are the same ones that you have already articulated.    I really want to make four brief points from the standpoint of someone who does not have the most recent experience and has not served on the NSC but, in the last 35 years, I have been in the interagency in five different administrations. So, I am going to take a broader view.    I will play the resident optimist. I think everyone who is here in this room today is here because they believe that it can be fixed and so do I.    The first point starts with the legal mandate for the NSC and the privileges that the NSC enjoys. So long as the NSC staff and the national security advisor are coordinating the work of the other national security agencies of government and following the legal mandate to make the tools of government more integrated and more effective, military and non-military, then they should continue to enjoy the prerogative of being the President's staff and, therefore, not being Senate-confirmed, not being subject to testimony, not having their paperwork subject to the same oversight and public oversight that the line agencies of government have.    That said, there are lines that they can cross, and have in the past, where these privileges come into question. One of the two sources that I consulted, and I applaud the effort of the Atlantic Council and its co-chairs, both of whom I greatly respect, but I have in my hand the so-called Tower Commission Report. And people of a certain age will remember this big blue book that I am holding. This was one of the eight investigations on the Iran-Contra Affair. This was done by three very respected statesmen, Senator John Tower, Senator Edmund Muskie, and Lieutenant General Brent Scowcroft, who had previously served as President Ford's National Security Advisor. They found that the NSC Advisor and staff had conducted a covert operation in transferring funds to the Nicaraguan contras. And without re-litigating the merits of the case, they issued a warning to future Presidents, which I will read to you. They are warned, and members of the National Security Council and National Security Advisors, ``of the potential pitfalls they face, even when they are operating with what they consider the best of motives.''    So, I think that there is a cautionary note. There may be issues where the NSC is becoming operational and setting policy, rather than coordinating it. And that is, historically speaking, a problem.    The second source and the third point I want to make has to do with the evolution of the NSC and, with the privilege of the committee, I would like to hold up a book by my late father, MIT Professor of Political Science Lincoln Bloomfield, who served on the NSC under his colleague, Zbigniew Brezezinski, for 1 year under the Carter administration and wrote in 1982 ``The Foreign Policy Process: A Modern Primer,'' in which he reviewed 40 years of National Security Councils.    Among the insights gained here were that technology moves only in one direction. Under the Kennedy administration, the White House Communications Agency installed equipment so that the White House could see the same diplomatic dispatches, the same military dispatches, the same intelligence reports as the other agencies, which made them more powerful and brought them into the conversation.    Under the Nixon administration, they had secure facsimiles. So, now, the White House could send agendas and papers for discussion in the situation room. And Dr. Kissinger famously used this to great effect, and was actually dual-hatted as Secretary of State and NSC Advisor for 2 years.    And so, in some ways, you can't turn the clock back to the 1970s or '80s, or the 1950s, and we have to recognize this.    But before we conclude, and this is my final point, that the NSC needs to be--that there is a right size for the NSC and that the President's prerogative should be, in some way, changed or interfered with by the Congress. I think it is really important to recognize that the NSC is trying to chase a bureaucracy in Washington that is much bigger than it was 20 or 30 years ago. There are so many more undersecretaries and assistant secretaries and issue-specific offices that they are asked to coordinate that you could understand why the size has gotten larger. And I think this leads to, perhaps, a broader conversation on how to right-size the entire national security process.    I published last Friday, in Foreign Policy, an article that takes a slightly larger view of the national security management challenge and I commend it to the members, I think copies have been made available, and with the chairman's permission and the ranking member, I would hope perhaps it could be brought into the official record or the hearing.    Chairman Royce. Without objection.    Ambassador Bloomfield. Thank you, sir.    Chairman Royce. Mr. Chollet.    Chairman Royce. Thank you, Mr. Chollet. I think the difficulty here, if we look at the drift, is if we look Ambassador Miller's report, the report that we are discussing, in that report there is a story of a four-star general receiving a phone call with orders from a low-level NSC staffer. So, the directive did not originate from the President. It didn't originate from the Secretary of Defense. It didn't originate from the chairman of the Joint Chiefs. It originates from a rather low-level staffer.    Clearly, the goal here is to get back to a system on foreign policy that works when different agencies and branches play their proper role. What we have to figure out here is how to get a situation where diplomats do the negotiating, where commanders call in the air strikes, where Congress conducts oversight and that is not happening under the current and past. The way in which this has morphed over the years has led to these problems that we are talking about today.    And so, I would just ask this question to the panel: What State Department reforms are most necessary to facilitate the evolution of power from the NSC back to the Department where the expertise lies and where you don't end up with low-level staff members making these kind of calls to four-star generals? How do we get back to the system the way is intended to work and in which it will function most effectively?    And Ambassador Bloomfield, maybe you will add to that because you make the point that this has become a problem not just at the NSC but also it is something that affects us, Congress, and the administration. We have a situation where our instinct is to appoint a special position on everything and so you have all of the special envoys and all of the coordinators adding to the complexity of a situation where the agency that is supposed to be in charge of making the decision isn't doing its role.    So, I will open that question to the panel.    Ambassador Bloomfield. If I may, Chairman Royce, I don't believe that the people who strategized American policy during the height of the Cold War, when we were 25 minutes from extinction from Soviet nuclear weapons, were any less intelligent than the people that we have in senior positions today. In fact, I would argue that we have too many very talented people trying to chase authority, funding, control over policy, authorship of policy. And I have many friends on the inside who have great difficulty getting a well-considered, innovative idea all the way out of the building in the State Department.    And so I think that consolidating offices, and this is under both administrations, Republican and Democrat. I have spent half my career outside the government. When I had been appointed to come in, I asked the question how much sense does this activity make? Is this something that we need to be doing, that my people should be spending time on, or are we just playing ping pong inside the bureaucracy and sending papers back and forth?    So, I think there is a great deal of process that can be consolidated. And what happens when you try to show how important an issue is by putting a special office in charge is that everything else becomes diluted. You dilute the currency of high-ranking people so that, in the Congress, you have 40 plus assistant secretaries. I was very honored to be an Assistant Secretary of State. If I were Secretary of State today, I don't think I could name them all or recognize their faces. These are Senate-confirmed----    Chairman Royce. Right. Well, there is another element of this. And that is part of this goes to the experience or the expertise of the staff. One of the questions in this study, the explanation from another lower level staff member is you have a hard time running the interagency process if you have never held a senior position in one of the agencies. So, this is another aspect of the problem, in terms of the expertise and not consolidating this decisionmaking where it belongs.    Ambassador Bloomfield. If I may, at the high levels, the under secretary level. There was one Under Secretary of State under President Kennedy, that was the second-ranking person in the department. The President would call the Under Secretary on the telephone. There are six or seven today. The same in the Pentagon in the Office of the Secretary of Defense. And I think, by the way, the Office of the Joint Chiefs, the Combatant Command Staffs, I was there when they started to put joint JIACs together and was part of the approval process. They are thick with all sorts of flavors of experts on their own staffs. I think we need to downsize. And what happens is, you have high officials who only have one-seventh of the picture. How strategic of a view will an administration have if everyone has just a sliver or a soda straw view of policy that they care about? We need to start elevating people and giving them a broad swath of policy authority so that they can think very strategically and when the Zika virus becomes a problem, we can put a task force together and have it expire once the problem is under control.    Chairman Royce. Well, my time has expired, so I will go to Mr. Engel. But it seems to me the NSC should return to its original mission of managing the development of policy options for the President of the United States. If that can be the end game here, I think we can get back to its original function and an effective function. Mr. Engel.    Chairman Royce. If the gentleman would yield.    Chairman Royce. From my standpoint, if you look carefully at the language, the intent there seems to me, and it is not our language, it is from the Armed Services Committee, but the intent seems to be to control the size of the staffing and get it back to the original numbers because confirmation isn't required, as long as the executive branch concurs with evolving back to the original size of the indices NSC staff.    So, I don't think the intent is to drive confirmation. I think the intent is to try to exercise some kind of congressional oversight or control over what has actually happened in the agency. So, I would just throw that in for the mix. I don't know how else to do that but this hearing is an attempt.    Ambassador Miller?    Ambassador Miller. I think if you look at what we have written, indeed, there is very strong support for limiting the headcount at the NSC, as it is seen as the root cause of a number of subsets of problems. But there is equally strong opposition to the advice and consent. So, I think your observation is right on.    Chairman Royce. Yes, I think it is a clumsy attempt to get at your objective. So, our hope is to reach a bipartisan consensus of a more effective way to get to that objective.    We go now to Ileana Ros-Lehtinen of Florida.    Chairman Royce. Thank you. We will go to Mr. Brad Sherman of California.    Chairman Royce . Thank you, Mr. DeSantis.    Mr. Gerry Connolly of Virginia.    Chairman Royce. Well, I thank you, Mr. Connolly. And I do think we may have stretched a point with Mr. Bloomfield's opinions on the bureaucracy at the size of the Pentagon. Based on his writings, I suspect he is every bit as much concerned with the size of the bureaucracy there as he is with the size of the NSC.    I would just make a point that there seems to be no disagreement among those that have worked at the NSC that the current size increases dysfunction. There does seem to be that conclusion. Reducing its size can only help and it is good that the administration is moving in that direction.    I want to also express my appreciation for the time of our witnesses today. This has been, I think, as I share Mr. Connolly's view, that this should be the purview of this committee. This has been a very informative hearing. We have had good participation today from the members.    As Ambassador Miller said, the NSC is the heart of the foreign policy machine. And I took that analogy to heart but your other point is that there can be heart failure and then we have a massive problem. And you know I think the next administration's goal should be getting back to the core function of the NSC and that is coordinating policy, coordinating policy where the diplomats are doing the diplomacy and the military has oversight over the military and the NSC can give the President the policy options that it is intended to. And if not, then Congress has to step in and that is especially true when it comes to accountability. That is our role.    And I thank our witnesses again. And, Mr. Connolly, thank you.    We stand adjourned.