    Mr. Walker. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Let me just sort of pick up what we were discussing when it comes to off duty/on duty in the aspect of driving government vehicles. So the question I'd like to start with is, did you determine whether any other attendees, Mr. Roth, at the party drove government-owned vehicles after consuming the alcohol?    Mr. Walker. Granted. And I understand being ignorant of certain aspects in ethics and so forth as we continue to learn even as a new Member of Congress.    However, let me ask this. Were any of the party attendees of the Secret Service part of the executive staff? And if so, should not they be held some kind of liable to understand what the rules are?    Mr. Walker. There's no ambiguity. I mean, you've, I guess, proved the fact that they did know of at least that policy part of it. Is that correct? I mean, most Secret Service agents, if you've been drinking, probably not a good idea to get back into your government-owned vehicle.    Mr. Walker. It is, but you did mention, I believe, just a second ago that some Secret Service employees returned to work after consuming the alcoholic beverages. Is that correct?    Mr. Walker. Okay. And what has been done or what has been said, what has been reprimanded? Give me a little bit of background what happened after that was found out.    Mr. Walker. I understand that.    Mr. Walker. You're just fact-finding. Are you aware of anything that's been done to those employees who were drinking and then came back to work?    Mr. Walker. We talked a little bit about the culture of the Secret Service. And I appreciate some of the words that you've talked about as far as you feel like there's been a little bit of improvement or change or a 30,000-foot expectation of raising the bar a little bit. But this kind of contradicts that mindset that there's still that frat party mentality that what applies to everybody else doesn't apply to us. I don't want to speculate or create some kind of hypothesis here, but is that a fair statement, that there are still things, work needs to be done inside the Secret Service to get the level--the bar raised?    Mr. Walker. I will tell you this on a personal note, Mr. Roth. I've seen you here, as well as my other committee on Homeland Security. You always do exemplary work. And I appreciate and I think the Americans appreciate your thoroughness.    Mr. Walker. Thank you very much.    With that, I yield back, Mr. Speaker. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.