    Mr. Donovan. Thank you.    Chairman Rogers, thank you for joining us today.    Chairman Crenshaw, Ranking Member Serrano, and all the members of the subcommittee, thank you for the opportunity to present the President's 2017 budget request for the Office of Management and Budget.    I want to first thank this subcommittee and the full committee for its work on the 2016 omnibus and the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015. Together, we came together to avoid harmful sequestration cuts and enacted a spending bill that provided critical funding for both our defense and nondefense priorities.    The President's 2017 budget builds off the achievements we secured for 2016 and adheres to the funding levels authorized in the BBA. And we look forward to working with Congress to continue the progress we have made in moving the appropriations process back to regular order.    I also want to thank you for your support of OMB. Over the last 3 years, you have provided OMB with resources to halt the furloughs and staffing losses that threatened our ability to maintain the high standard of quality that we hold ourselves to and that Congress rightly expects from OMB. Restoring capacity allows us to deliver more value for taxpayers through improved program management, smarter regulations, and more identified opportunities for savings.    Under the President's leadership, we have turned around our economy and created 14 million jobs; the unemployment rate has fallen below 5 percent for the first time in almost 8 years; nearly 18 million people have gained health coverage as the ACA has taken effect; and we have dramatically cut our deficit by almost three-quarters.    The President's 2017 budget will help continue this economic and fiscal progress. It shows that investments in growth and opportunity are compatible with putting the Nation's finances on a strong and sustainable path. And it lifts sequestration in future years so that we continue to invest in our economic future and our national security and replaces the savings by closing tax loopholes, reforming tax expenditures, and with smart spending reforms.    The budget shows that the President and our administration remain focused on meeting our greatest challenges not only for the year ahead but for decades to come, making critical investments that will accelerate the pace of innovation, give everyone a fair shot at opportunity and economic security, and advance our national security and global leadership.    The President's request for OMB is $100.7 million, which will be used to support the staff we brought on board in 2015 to address our historically low staffing levels, as well as enable us to hire an additional 10 full-time equivalents. Our 2017 request supports the staffing levels we need to more effectively oversee program management and funding, including identifying opportunities for budgetary savings across more than 100 agencies and departments throughout the Federal Government.    OMB's request will also enable us to continue to play a central role in executing the President's management agenda. The additional resources will let OMB ramp up promising efforts and build on progress in a number of key areas. But I would like to specifically highlight our investments in supporting smarter IT delivery and stronger cybersecurity across government.    OMB is requesting $35 million for Information Technology Oversight and Reform, or ITOR, to support the use of data, analytics, and digital services to improve the effectiveness and security of government services.    The requested resources will help scale up particularly promising efforts like the U.S. Digital Service, which has already saved agencies millions of dollars and assisted with many of our toughest digital challenges. The 2017 request expands the central USDS team at OMB to work on additional projects and supports standing up Digital Service teams at 25 agencies across the government.    The ITOR fund also supports OMB's work on enhancing Federal cybersecurity. Strengthening the cybersecurity of Federal networks, systems, and data is one of the most important challenges we face as a Nation. To address these challenges, the President created a Cybersecurity National Action Plan that takes near-term actions and puts in place a long-term strategy to enhance cybersecurity awareness and protections. OMB will use ITOR resources to work with Federal agencies to implement these actions and to support timely and effective responses to cyber incidents.    Our efforts to help deliver a smarter, more innovative, and more accountable government extend to our regulatory responsibilities as well. The administration is committed to an approach to regulation that promises economic growth, competitiveness, and innovation, while protecting the health, welfare, and safety of Americans.    We continue to make significant progress on the retrospective review of existing regulations, eliminating and streamlining regulations to reduce burden and cost. Since 2010, agency retrospective reviews have detailed hundreds of initiatives that will reduce costs, saving more than $22 billion in the near term.    The responsibilities I have described here are in addition to our work with agencies to prepare and execute the Federal budget. And while some people think only about OMB's efforts on behalf of the President's budget, members of this subcommittee know that OMB works with Congress every day to provide information and analysis and to respond to contingencies and unforeseen circumstances.    I want to close by thanking you again for the opportunity to testify today. It is a particular honor for me to serve at OMB, given the critical role it plays and the talented individuals who work there.    Supporting OMB and the work we do to make government perform better for the American public will continue to be a smart and necessary investment, and I look forward to continuing to work closely with this subcommittee to that end.    Thank you. I look forward to your questions.    Mr. Donovan. We have fully hired to the staffing levels that you have provided in prior years.    And I think it is important to recognize, there is a significant piece of this--of the $5.7 million increase, $2.4 million will go just to inflationary increases that we have, whether staff, benefits, rent, those types of things.    I think it is critical for us to execute the additional responsibilities that we have been given, many of them by statute. I was very pleased that we reached a bipartisan agreement in the transportation bill last year, for example, to step up our efforts to streamline infrastructure permitting across the country. I think a very strong bipartisan effort there. We are bringing on some new staff to implement that effort. That is a good example.    Mr. Donovan. That is correct.    Mr. Donovan. That is correct.    Mr. Donovan. Absolutely. And, again, the DATA Act is another good example, a bipartisan effort that we need to bring on staff for. And, obviously, cybersecurity is an area where I think we can all agree.    I think one of the most important points I can make about this is that I think in all of these different areas we can demonstrate that the staff that we are bringing on are achieving substantial savings across the Federal Government, whether it is the Digital Service----    Mr. Donovan . Which is saving hundreds of millions of dollars----    Mr. Donovan. We have saved $3.5 billion in IT acquisition costs through the reforms that we have made. So the leverage on these staff, we think--and it is important that we show you the return on investment for those staff.    Mr. Donovan. Absolutely.    And let me just say at the outset, we do have, as you just noted, this rule under review at this point. So I am limited in what I can say on the specifics of the rule. But, generally speaking, it is one of our most important duties to ensure that cost-benefit analysis is done correctly and effectively, and we take the time necessary to ensure that that is done.    Also one of our most important duties is to ensure that there is interagency review of regulations. In this case, it is the Department of Labor's statutory authorities that they are putting into effect through the rule, but one of our jobs is to make sure that there is a strong interagency review of these rules before they are finalized.    Mr. Donovan. What I can assure you is that we are going to do everything we can to minimize those. SEC is obviously an independent agency, so, while we consult with them, we don't have direct oversight over their rulemaking. But I can assure you that we will do everything we can to ensure that coordination.    Mr. Donovan. Well, one of the critical things that we do--and this is through an open, transparent process of meetings and comments that come into rules. I believe there were thousands of comments that were received and evaluated, hundreds of meetings that took place in the review of the rule. And so that is, obviously, the best possible way to have an open, transparent process that makes sure that concerns about any particular rule are incorporated.    Mr. Donovan. Well, again, I am not going to comment directly on the rule. I will say that Secretary Perez has made clear they are doing everything they can to streamline and simplify the rule while still maintaining the bedrock principle of a fair standard of protection for investors.    Mr. Donovan. Even if I could tell you, I wouldn't know exactly when we would be finished here. What I can tell you is we are giving it a full interagency review, as I described.    Mr. Donovan. Well, I think you have hit on a core issue that we grappled with in the budget. But I will say that I think what we really did here was to build on a bipartisan precedent that we have seen now twice, with the Murray-Ryan agreement and then with the Bipartisan Budget Act last year. And that is basically to recognize that sequestration, which I would really describe, in many cases, as mindless austerity, cutting just simply straight across the budget without reflecting, really, which are the critical investments--that, on a bipartisan basis, we came together last year to invest more on the discretionary side of the budget, but we offset it with both revenue increases and smart spending cuts on the mandatory side of the budget.    And that is exactly the model that we have been taking up in the President's budget. Not only are we living within the caps that were part of that budget deal, which provide substantial relief on the discretionary side for critical investments, many of which you described, but we also achieved $2.9 trillion in deficit reduction over the 10-year window through taking a look at where we can close loopholes on the tax side, where we can make smart spending reductions. We have $375 billion in healthcare savings over the 10-year window.    So we really think that is the right model, and it is a model that has been bipartisan that we have followed.    But what we can't do is continue to cut the very things that will help us make the investments that are going to grow our economy, whether it is the research and development that is so critical to keeping our innovation edge that we have over other countries, whether it is investing from the very youngest age in our kids, like we did with Head Start in the bipartisan agreement last year and we continue this year in our budget, in education and training and so many other areas that are critical to our short-term but also our long-term success.    Mr. Donovan. Well, I am hopeful, if we can not continue the model that we had of 3 or 4 years ago, between shutdown and the other manufactured crises that really hurt our economy, hurt confidence of individual families across the country and our businesses, but follow the model we had last fall, I think we really can make progress on these issues.    Because I think there is broad recognition that discretionary spending is not where our fiscal challenges are, that, actually, we are investing too little on the discretionary side, even with the substantial increase that we got in this budget deal, which we lived by in our budget, and that, really, where our fiscal challenges are are more on the revenue and on the mandatory side of the budget, particularly around health care. And that is something that we have made a lot of progress on, bringing down our healthcare costs.    Mr. Donovan. Well, no----    Mr. Donovan. Yeah.    Mr. Donovan. Part of this is, clearly, the technology changes quickly. But the fact is, historically, the government has taken an approach that dramatically exacerbated that problem. A lot of this is in how we procure information technology, whether that is the individual devices that we use or how we procure software services.    And so two critical things that we are doing that we are making a great deal of progress on: One is we are moving aggressively to what we call category management. Instead of having literally thousands of different contracts across the Federal Government for laptops, for desktops, for handheld devices, we are going to a very small number of government-wide contracts.    As we started to implement that late last year in IT and particularly in devices, we saw a 50-percent decline in prices very quickly. How can that be, you say? Because, for example, right now, if you were going to bid on a contract, you have to look at potentially thousands of different contracts in different agencies with many, many different types of configurations. Instead, if we go to saying simply, let's choose three, four, five different configurations of a desktop or a laptop and make that the standard, we can actually dramatically improve the efficiency for the contractors themselves of doing business with us and bring the prices down. And we have started to see that.    On software procurement, which is a little more complicated, we have moved to what we call an agile system. It basically used to be that we would buy giant IT systems all at once, kind of in a big bang, and, by the time you get 4 years down the road, realize you are above budget, behind schedule, it is too late to be able to make changes and adjustments. Instead, what we are doing is buying, just like the private sector does, much more incrementally. And that is also really starting to make a difference.    I saw this, frankly, at HUD. When I came in, I had a giant financial services project that was above budget, behind schedule. And I came to OMB--this is the role that OMB can play. I came to OMB; they said, you know what, Treasury has actually got a system that is very similar. And so we moved to what we call shared services where HUD now does all its financial transactions through its system at Treasury. Much more cost-effective.    And so those are the kind of techniques that, even if technology changes quickly, it allows us to be much more agile and responsive to keep up with those changes.    Mr. Donovan. Roughly $90 billion.    Mr. Donovan. So, Chairman, let me begin by agreeing with your fundamental premise that discretionary spending is actually a place that we have cut and I think cut too far, and that was the basis of the bipartisan deal we reached last year. And I want to thank you for your leadership on getting to, I thought, a very effective compromise on the omnibus at the end of last year.    Where I want to disagree with you is that, in fact, since the President has come into office, we have made substantial progress not just on our short-run deficits, which are down by roughly 75 percent--we have had the fastest sustained deficit reduction since the end of World War II--but we have also made substantial progress on our medium- and long-run deficit and debt as well.    And the reason for that is because healthcare spending, as you know, is the single most important challenge that we have on the mandatory spending side. It outweighs all other programs. And, in fact, that is one of the reasons why the President immediately, on coming into office, focused on this issue. And since he came into office, we have actually seen the slowest healthcare cost growth in 50 years.    And, in fact, if you just take 1 year, the year 2020, since the Affordable Care Act was passed, CBO--these are not our numbers--CBO projects that we are going to spend $185 billion less in 2020 on Medicare and Medicaid combined.    So we have made real progress. And what we are proposing in our budget is to continue that progress. We have $375 billion of further healthcare savings that we are proposing. And as we saw with the doc fix legislation that got done about a year ago, we think there are many areas where we can make bipartisan progress to make further progress on those entitlements.    But I would also say that the President believes that we need to take a balanced approach. And the fact is we have wasteful spending on the Tax Code side of our budget as well and that we need to aggressively look at those areas as well. And our budget does that.    But even with the added $2.9 trillion of deficit reduction that we achieve in this budget, if you add that to the $4.5 trillion of deficit reduction that we have achieved since 2011, even if his budget was enacted tomorrow, we would still have more than 50 percent of the deficit reduction of that $7.4 trillion that comes from spending cuts.    So we think we have a real record of looking hard not just at the discretionary side but the mandatory side. But we also need to look at the tax side.    Mr. Donovan. As a share of the economy and the projections----    Mr. Donovan. I don't have those numbers in front of me. But, again, the right way to look at this problem----    Mr. Donovan. Well, what I----    Mr. Donovan. What I can say is that, as a share of the economy, we have brought down the deficits dramatically. If you look at our budget proposal, it would take the critical step of stabilizing and then bringing down our debt as a share of our economy. That is the critical test that economists apply to it.    And I will say, compared to the current status quo, we achieved that $2.9 trillion of deficit reduction in our budget, which achieves that key fiscal goal.    Mr. Donovan. Expected mandatory spending has gone down substantially since the President came into office, primarily because of the healthcare savings that we have achieved. The projections of debt and deficits today----    Mr. Donovan. Not compared to the expectations when he came into office. If you look at CBO's numbers when the President came into office, we have substantially reduced expected deficit and debt.    Mr. Donovan. All I can do and all the President can do is make changes, propose changes, working with Congress, that change our path, our fiscal path.    Mr. Donovan. And we have done a substantial amount to improve the fiscal path of this country, particularly through reductions in healthcare spending, since the President came into office.    Mr. Donovan. The President inherited deficits that were at almost 10 percent of our economy, and he has brought them down to well below 3 percent. That is the fastest deficit reduction we have seen since World War II.    Mr. Donovan. Well, Mr. Chairman, where I think we can agree is exactly the leadership you and the committee provided last year, that finding ways to reduce mandatory spending in smart ways, which was part of the budget agreement that was reached last year, is the right way to go while we continue to make the critical investments on the discretionary side that we need.    Mr. Donovan. Thank you.    Mr. Donovan. Thank you.    Mr. Donovan. To my knowledge, Ranking Member, that has never happened before since the Budget Committees were created.    And I will say, despite any personal feelings, I think the most important issue is that I was disappointed because we did make--and I said this before you arrived, and I want to compliment you directly for the bipartisan work, both on the bipartisan budget agreement and on the omnibus in December. But it felt like we made a lot of progress toward reestablishing regular order in doing that and creating this 2-year framework and getting a good agreement, a good compromise last year. And I was disappointed that I wasn't able to testify. My hope is that we can continue the progress toward regular order as we go forward.    Mr. Donovan. Thank you.    I would really highlight three key areas, and these were areas that the President highlighted as major challenges for the country going forward.    First, we have to invest to maintain our leadership as the most innovative economy on Earth. And one particular area that he highlighted was the investment in renewable energy. R&D for that is a critical place where we can put people to work, grow the jobs of the future. But an area that I know is near and dear to your heart, as well, is on biomedical research and a substantial increase in investment that we are proposing as part of the Cancer Moonshot, along with a range of other areas of investment as well.    The second big area is where we need to invest to grow opportunity to give everybody a fair shot in the country. One of the most important advances I think we won in the omnibus was a major increase in Head Start to get kids started at the very earliest stages. Our budget proposes more than a $400 million increase there, which would take us to more than half of Head Start children in full day, full year programs around the country, which has been shown to be a critical advance.    But also a great bipartisan victory in replacing the No Child Left Behind Act. And I think there is a significant set of places that we could invest, and that the budget does, on the education side, on training and apprenticeships.    One other area that I would point out to really try to modernize the safety net that we have for workers is our wage insurance proposal as part of a broader effort to modernize unemployment insurance around the country. We think that is a critical area where we could make bipartisan progress, encourage people to get back to work even more quickly.    So those are two, and then the third is national security. The budget invests more than $2 billion in additional resources to take the fight to ISIL; substantial increases to make sure that our European partners are reassured that we are going to stand in the way of Russia's aggressive actions in Europe and beyond. Third, the cybersecurity proposal that we have already started to talk about is a major national security threat that we need to do more on, and the budget proposes a more-than-one-third increase, $19 billion in total, for our fight to improve cybersecurity.    Mr. Donovan. Absolutely.    So the structure of the bipartisan budget agreement relieved about 90 percent of sequester on the nondefense side of the budget but only about 60 percent in 2017. So 90 percent in 2016; about 60 percent in 2017. Essentially, discretionary funding is about flat in our budget from 2016.    And what that means is, as you well know, if you look at areas like veterans health care where there are inflationary increases that happen each year, Section 8 vouchers I am very familiar with, and a range of other programs where simply serving the same number of people requires an inflationary increase, what that means is, when you have flat funding, you are going to have much more pressure on other discretionary accounts.    And so there are a range of areas where we had to make tough decisions, whether it is in low-income heating assistance, the LIHEAP program; CDBG; State-paid leave assistance. There are a number of areas where we would have wanted to do more, but, through the compromise that was reached, we decided that we should honor the deal that was reached last year and stick to those caps despite those tough choices.    Mr. Donovan. Actually, it declines from about 76 percent of GDP down to----    Mr. Donovan. It declines from----    Mr. Donovan. I don't have those numbers in front of me.    Mr. Donovan. Congressman, you don't have to take my word for it. If you look at CBO's numbers, if you look at the broad----    Mr. Donovan. And CBO's numbers will show you that, relative to where we were 4 or 5 years ago, they will tell you we expect to spend $185 billion less on Medicare and Medicaid in 2020 than we did just 4 or 5 years ago. Relative to current law, our budget shows $2.9 trillion of deficit reduction.    And so we are making real progress on the most important driver of mandatory spending. We have the lowest healthcare cost growth than we have had in 50 years. And that is why, despite the politics around the Affordable Care Act, the President focused on health care as one of the most important drivers, if not the most important, of our mandatory challenges. And we have made real progress on that front.    Mr. Donovan. Congressman, one of the things that we all have to recognize----    Mr. Donovan . Leave aside the politics----    Mr. Donovan . Is that we have a demographic challenge in this country, with the retirement of the baby boomers, that is going to require us to pay attention to these mandatory challenges but also to look at the revenue side. If we want to keep our promises to seniors, we are going to have to look not just at mandatory spending but also to close tax loopholes, to look at wasteful spending on the tax side of the ledger as well.    Mr. Donovan. What I can certainly tell you is he showed a lot of leadership in pushing healthcare reform that is accelerating the cost reductions that we have seen. It is universally recognized, as you have just agreed, that healthcare spending is the most important driver of the costs on those sides, and we have made remarkable progress in the last 4 to 5 years.    So I think it is a completely unfair characterization that we have not focused on entitlements. And, in fact, we have made remarkable progress compared to any benchmark when the President came----    Mr. Donovan. This is the way we look at mortgages, we look at personal finances: What share of people's income do they dedicate toward their debt? And that is exactly the way we look at it for the economy.    Mr. Donovan. I don't have an exact number. What I can tell you is a sizable portion when the President came into office. I would also say----    Mr. Donovan. Well, that we have reduced spending in OCO, in the war account, by over $100 billion a year since the President came into office because he was able to keep his promises to end the ground wars in Iraq and Afghanistan.    Mr. Donovan. Absolutely.    Mr. Donovan. Well, I understand your concern about this. We did include----    Mr. Donovan. I am sorry if I understated it.    Mr. Donovan. But we did include $5 million in the 2016 workplan, which is part of a substantial contribution we made to completing phase 1. I am glad that we are able to keep that commitment to the first phase, but I understand that you are focused on how we get phase 2 funded.I believe that Ms. Darcy will be around Friday, and we will have an animated conversation with her at that time, as well.    But the fact is we need your help. Funding the first 3 years and then leaving it hanging there isn't particularly helpful.    Mr. Donovan. Understood.    Mr. Donovan. And you.    Mr. Donovan. So the cost-benefit analysis is obviously completed as part of finalization of a rule. So we do not have a final cost-benefit analysis that I can speak to.    What I can say is that the Council of Economic Advisers looked at this issue more broadly and identified that consumers lose about $17 billion a year over bad advice on investment products. So there clearly is a major impact directly to families, the families that you are talking about, from bad advice.    Mr. Donovan. Again, I can't speak directly to OIRA's because we have not completed the rulemaking. But, generally speaking, we look at a broad range of sources of information, not just the Council of Economic Advisers.    Mr. Donovan. Actually, I think it was a cost. And so the savings would be achieved if a consumer is protected from getting bad advice or gets better advice.    Mr. Donovan. If I understand the question, it would be through getting advice that would allow them to make better investment decisions.    Mr. Donovan. I guess I would want to look back at that analysis before I answer that question. I am not sure.    Mr. Donovan. Thank you.    Mr. Donovan. Well, I guess I would disagree with you that I haven't been talking about forward-looking proposals here. I talked specifically about a broad set of things the President's budget does on healthcare reform. Let me take another. In fact----    Mr. Donovan. What you can tell your daughter----    Mr. Donovan. I think what you should tell your daughter is that this country is facing a significant demographic challenge with the retirement of the baby boom, that we need to keep our promises to those retirees, and----    Mr. Donovan. If I could just----    Mr. Donovan. You asked a question.    One of the most important things about that is that we are now facing a world where, instead of having over three workers for every retiree, we are going to have about two and a half----    Mr. Donovan. Immigration reform--immigration reform is actually an area where I think we could reach a bipartisan agreement. It will help us not only grow our economy, it would reduce the deficit by a trillion dollars----    Mr. Donovan. What I would tell her is that we need to do exactly the kinds of things that we are proposing to do.    Mr. Donovan. I am trying to answer your----    Mr. Donovan. We----    Mr. Donovan. I think----    Mr. Donovan. Please don't mischaracterize our budget. We proposed a budget that has $2.9 trillion in deficit reduction, that in the 10-year window stabilizes debt and starts to bring it down, compared to a current path that we are on where debt would increase substantially as a share of the economy. Those are the critical tests that the President has laid out for fiscal stability, and we meet those tests.    Mr. Donovan. That will be----    Mr. Donovan. Well, first of all, CMS will make a final decision this year. But you are also deeply mischaracterizing the way the IPAB works. All of those changes are presented to Congress and voted on by Congress. And so----    Mr. Donovan. We expect----    Mr. Donovan. We expect it to be later this year----    Mr. Donovan . In the next few months.    Mr. Donovan. Thank you.    Mr. Donovan. Yes, it does.    Mr. Donovan. A declining path as a share of the economy.    Mr. Donovan. As a share----    Mr. Donovan. As a share of the economy----    Mr. Donovan. Every serious economist who looks at this issue looks at debt----    Mr. Donovan . Deficits as a share of the economy.    Mr. Donovan. Deficits today are below the 40-year average of deficits.    Mr. Donovan. I don't----    Mr. Donovan. I don't think that is accurate. I have talked a lot about the progress that we have made but also more that we need to do on----    Mr. Donovan. He talked about----    Mr. Donovan. Thank you.    Mr. Donovan. And I am from New York, so I am OK.    Mr. Donovan. Look, this is--I think it was Ranking Member Lowey asked earlier about tough decisions we had to make in the budget. Given that it was basically flat from 2016, there were a series of places where we needed to find reductions, and this was one of the places that we went.    On the construction point, the operations and maintenance account for the Corps is more fixed, if you will, because they have to take care of a set of assets that are there, so it tends to be the construction account that suffers the most in those cases.    So this is something where--you know, you and I have met a number of times about Jacksonville and the focus on it. We were able to get to six new starts in 2016, which was an unusually high level. And we have allocated those to the highest-return projects.    But, as you well know, there are far more projects. And our hope is that, not only we can do more directly, but we are also working, as you and I have discussed, on ways to make sure that private resources are coming in and supporting the construction of those; and we think there is a lot of opportunity given exactly the competitive advantage that you have talked about post-Panamax, and there is a lot of ways to bring private capital into these projects as well.    Mr. Donovan. That was the single most important----    Mr. Donovan. Really, it is working with the Army Corps, its cost-benefit analysis. So, in every case, the traditional starts that we did were over two and a half, cost-benefit ratio, so--actually, two and a half, benefits to cost. And so they showed a dramatically high level of return relative to other projects.    Mr. Donovan. We spend an enormous amount of time on that. Let me just give you a few examples.    I have already talked about the $375 billion in healthcare savings that we are proposing in the budget. That is obviously all on the mandatory side. We have a total of about 117 different cuts, reductions, that we do----    Mr. Donovan. Well, CFPB is an independent agency. It is different from the vast majority of programs on the mandatory side.    Mr. Donovan. We don't have authority----    Mr. Donovan . Over CFPB's budget. We do look at mandatory spending broadly in a range of areas----    Mr. Donovan. Absolutely.    Mr. Donovan. And we think that transparency is actually a very important tool in trying to keep costs down. Drug prices is an area where we actually have some innovative proposals in our budget this year to create more transparency, which we think can help to control drugs costs.    Mr. Donovan. It is funded, as you said correctly, as most financial regulators are, through the----    Mr. Donovan. It is not an area we oversee directly.    Mr. Donovan. So, first, I would just say again, CFPB is not under our--power, and we do consult with them, but we cannot direct them, and they do not need to follow, generally, our rulemaking guidelines. So in this specific case, I don't think it is my place to determine what is appropriate for CFPB. But I would be happy, if there are other areas where you are concerned about this, I would be happy to look at it and suggest whether or not we think it violates those--our guidelines.    Mr. Donovan. So I would say we have a couple different ways. We do pursue regular review of the processes that they are taking. There are also a number of outside agencies that will look at, whether it is the IGs or otherwise, that will look at these kinds of processes.    The other thing that we are doing proactively is our regulatory look-back effort, which I mentioned we have achieved over $22 billion in savings. A significant share of that savings does come from paperwork reduction.    So I think it is important that we not just be enforcing our standards, but also working with agencies to find proactively new ways that they can reduce documentation. Truck drivers, for example, we have a major rule at DOT we did last year that changes their reporting that dramatically lowered their costs there because of paperwork reduction.    Mr. Donovan. I do think--and this is really what the guidance that you are referring--you just referred to tries to get at--as with many things in government, we need to make sure that they are modernized to keep up with technology. And so we do see increasing use of customer satisfaction surveys and other things as critical to figuring out whether we are being effective as government, whether we are doing a good job.    And I think the Paperwork Reduction Act wasn't created at a time when many of those processes existed, and so we do feel like--and we have tried it within our own guidance--I think it is worth having a discussion about whether there are some statutory changes that might be useful to try to modernize what it does.    And I think in cases we may be missing things. I have seen a lot of cases where the Paperwork Reduction is actually creating more paperwork, frankly, than it is reducing because of modern technology.    Mr. Donovan. Thank you.    Mr. Donovan. To be frank, I don't have that information at hand right now. I would be happy to follow up and get you more details on that following the hearing.    Mr. Donovan. Yes.    Mr. Donovan. Well, first of all, this is a tax that goes across oil, not just gasoline----    Mr. Donovan . On oil companies directly when it is produced at the wellhead.    But I think, more importantly, we should also be focused on the burdens on families and communities that our infrastructure and the state of that infrastructure is producing. And so whether it is the hours that families spend caught in congestion, whether their inability to get to jobs or schools, we need to do something to make sure we accelerate our investment, not just in infrastructure, but smart infrastructure as well.    Traditionally, this has been a bipartisan issue. We did reach a bipartisan 6-year bill last year. But there is more that we can do. And investing in the infrastructure of the future, whether it is driverless cars or a broad range of other areas, the research and development that we need on transportation, we think that those costs on families need to be recognized as well.    Mr. Donovan. In fact, not just are we considering it, Howard Shelanski has issued a memo to agencies to try to lay out the fact that we will enforce very consistent standards on rulemaking throughout the end of the administration and to encourage agencies to finish their work as quickly as possible and to make sure that they are prioritizing so that we don't have a substantial unusual amount of rulemaking.    Mr. Donovan. So given that this is a rule we currently have under review, I can't speak to the specifics, the merits of the rule. It has been under review, as you say accurately, beyond the 90-day period. As I said earlier, we will take the time it takes to resolve rules, to make sure that we get cost-benefit analysis done correctly and accurately. And I expect that we will finalize soon, but I can't give you a specific timeline on that, given that we are still under review.    Mr. Donovan. I can assure you those are exactly the kinds of issues that we look at.    Mr. Donovan. Thank you.    Mr. Donovan. Thank you.    Mr. Donovan. Thank you for having me.