    Chairman Walberg. A quorum being present, the subcommittee will come to order.    Good morning. Today the subcommittee will examine a number of legislative proposals intended to provide greater transparency and accountability to the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission.    I would like to thank our witnesses for joining us. We have a distinguished panel to help us look at a number of complex and important issues.    All workers deserve strong protections against employment discrimination. Toward that end, there continues to be support for federal laws such as the Americans with Disabilities Act, the Civil Liberties--or Civil Rights Act, and the Age Discrimination in Employment Act, and others.    There is no doubt that every member of the Committee expects the fair and vigorous enforcement of these laws in our nation's workplaces, and that is precisely why we are here today.    The Equal Employment Opportunity Commission plays a vital role ensuring America's workers are free to pursue employment without fear of discrimination based on their race, their gender, their disability, or religion. We need this agency to do its job effectively so that every American has a shot to succeed based on merit and hard work.    Unfortunately, the enforcement and regulatory approach adopted by EEOC in recent years raises serious doubts about whether our nation's best interests are being served.    For example, the Commission has implemented controversial guidance on the use of criminal background checks that will make it more difficult for employers to protect their employees and customers. At a hearing held last Congress, the subcommittee received testimony from Ms. Lucia Bone, whose sister, Sue Weaver, was murdered by a man who months earlier had cleaned the air ducts in her home. A simple criminal background check might have saved this woman's innocent life.    State and local policies requiring criminal background checks are intended to protect Americans who come in contact with workers in vulnerable situations, such as at home and in the classroom. As a result of EEOC's misguided policy, more Americans will be put in harm's way, including women and children.    The EEOC should scrap this misguided policy completely. But if it won't, then Congress should take steps to rein it in and help provide families greater peace of mind the next time they invite a stranger into their home or a child's classroom.    Furthermore, EEOC has challenged employee wellness programs. Employers develop these innovative programs in order to improve the health of employees and their families, increase productivity, and reduce health costs. Yet litigation pursued by the Commission is actually discouraging employers from implementing these programs even though Congress, on a bipartisan basis, has expressed its clear support for employee wellness programs.    Lastly, EEOC is spending more time and resources pursuing systemic or class action investigations, often without any allegation of wrongdoing. The Commission has also been sanctioned in recent years for pursuing claims that are frivolous and without merit.    This is how one federal court--circuit court described the EEOC enforcement action, and I quote: ``EEOC brought this case on the basis of a homemade methodology, crafted by witness with no particular expertise to craft it, administered by persons with no particular expertise to administer it, tested by no one, and accepted only by the witness himself.''    Meanwhile, a backlog of discrimination claims filed by individual workers continues to plague the Commission. This is no way to run an agency with a mission as important as the EEOC's, and we must demand better. To help workers succeed in the workplace without fear of discrimination, Congress has a responsibility to hold the Commission accountable for its regulatory and enforcement policies.    We will examine today a number of legislative proposals to help us do just that. Together, these proposals will instill greater transparency and accountability in EEOC, and improve its enforcement activities, and help more workers and employers enjoy the benefits of employee wellness programs.    I look forward to discussing in greater detail with our witnesses the positive reforms in these bills and hope they will receive strong, bipartisan support.    With that, I will now recognize the Ranking Member of the subcommittee, Representative Wilson, for her opening remarks.    Chairman Walberg. I thank the gentlelady.    Pursuant to Committee rule 7(c), all subcommittee members will be permitted to submit written statements to be included in the permanent hearing record. And without objection, the hearing record will remain open for 14 days to allow statements, questions for the record, and other extraneous material referenced during the hearings to be submitted in the official hearing record.    It is now my pleasure to introduce our distinguished panel of witnesses.    Mr. Paul Kehoe is a senior counsel with Seyfarth Shaw law firm here in Washington, D.C. Mr. Kehoe is a member of the Seyfarth's labor and employment practice group and a former attorney advisor to the Honorable Victoria A. Lipnic, EEOC Commissioner. His practice focuses on all aspects of employment discrimination law, including the development of strategies to prevent and resolve employment discrimination litigation under federal and state anti-discrimination statutes.    Welcome.    Tamara Simon is a managing director with Buck Consultants Knowledge Resource Center here in Washington, D.C. Ms. Simon is responsible for Buck's national multi-practice legal analysis and publications, government relations, research, surveys, training, and knowledge management. She serves as a national resource in compliance issues affecting employers' health and welfare benefits.    Welcome.    Tanya Clay House is the public policy director at the Lawyers' Committee for Civil Rights Under Law here in Washington, D.C. Ms. House works closely with all Lawyers' Committee projects focusing on core issues such as education, voting rights, employment discrimination, fair housing, affirmative action, criminal justice, immigration, and other racial diversity issues.    Welcome.    And finally, Gail Heriot is a professor of law at the University of San Diego School of Law in San Diego, California. Professor Heriot is a member of the U.S. Commission on Civil Rights. She teaches and writes in the areas of civil rights, employment discrimination, product liability remedies, and torts.    Welcome, as well.    I will now ask our witness to--witnesses to stand and raise your right hand, as is the custom in this Committee.    Let the record reflect--you may be seated--the witnesses answered in the affirmative.    Before I recognize each of you to provide your testimony, let me briefly explain the lighting system. Just as in the traffic lights, red means stop, but you get to that by going green for your first four minutes, yellow will be indicative of a final minute before the red light comes on. We will ask you to finish as quickly your thought after the red light appears.    I will ask the same of the panel, though I might not be quite as stiff as our full Committee Chairman, Mr. Kline. Yet, I will do my best to follow suit.    I will now recognize Mr. Kehoe for your five minutes of questioning.    Chairman Walberg. Thank you.    Now recognize Ms. Simon for five minutes of testimony.    Chairman Walberg. Thank you.    Recognize Ms. House now for your five minutes of testimony.    Chairman Walberg. Thank you.    Now, Professor Heriot, we will recognize you for your five minutes of testimony.    Chairman Walberg. Thank you.    And thank you, each of the panelists, for your testimony. I am sure it will elicit some strong questions.    And for that, I recognize the Chairman of the full Committee, Mr. Kline, sponsor of H.R. 1189, for first round of questioning.    Chairman Walberg. I didn't expect that.    Chairman Walberg. Thank the gentleman.    I now recognize the gentleman from Virginia and the Ranking Member of the full Committee, Mr. Scott.    Chairman Walberg. Hearing no objection, it will be entered.    Chairman Walberg. I thank the gentleman.    Continuing that bit of questioning, I recognize myself for my five minutes of questioning.    Professor Heriot, I appreciated your testimony and the real-life examples that I would never have thought of--of hiring a necrophiliac for a job in a morgue. I guess we do have to consider what our laws do and what guidelines are in place.    In your testimony you said EEOC's 2012 enforcement guidance on criminal background checks is vague and uncertain as to an employer's duty. The employer will have no way of knowing whether EEOC will agree with its judgment in using background checks.    You also note that--recent background check cases in which EEOC lost and was harshly criticized by the courts. Is the EEOC's enforcement guidance going to be of any help to the general counsel or regional attorneys pursuing cases brought against employers for using background checks?    Chairman Walberg. Any specifics you can give of that for example?    Chairman Walberg. Okay. Thank you.    Mr. Kehoe, in a number of cases in recent years the EEOC has been sanctioned in order to pay defendant's attorney's fees and costs pursuing claims that are frivolous, groundless, and without merit. In other cases, the agency has lost on summary judgment, has been severely criticized by the courts.    From your position, having consulted with an EEOC Commissioner, should Congress be concerned about these outcomes or do you consider them to be the normal course of business in an agency authorized to enforce federal laws and litigation?    Chairman Walberg. Would the Commissioners' involvement in overseeing some of these cases and looking into them beforehand--before moving forward be helpful for the general counsel?    Chairman Walberg. Thank you.    My time is expired.    I now recognize the ranking member of this subcommittee, Ms. Wilson, the gentlelady from Florida.    Chairman Walberg. Thank you.    The gentlelady's time has expired.    I now recognize the gentleman from Virginia, Mr. Brat.    Chairman Walberg. Thank you. Thank you for yielding your time. It is always good to get time from a professor.    And I appreciate that because I have a couple more questions I would like to try to get in here.    Mr. Kehoe, the Supreme Court has granted review in Mach Mining v. EEOC to decide whether the agency's statutory duty to conciliate must be performed in good faith and is subject to judicial review. Why is it important, from your perspective and your placement with EEOC before this, for courts to be able to review EEOC's conciliation efforts?    Chairman Walberg. Have they consistently abused that process of conciliation?    Chairman Walberg. Let me move on to another case. In the U.S. Steel case, EEOC alleged that random drug and alcohol testing, as agreed to in the collective bargaining agreement entered into by U.S. Steel and the Steelworkers Union, violated the Americans with Disabilities Act.    The policy applied to very dangerous jobs where following safety rules were critically important. I worked for U.S. Steel on some of those same dangerous jobs myself as a U.S. Steel--Steelworkers Union member.    Predictably, the court held the policy was job-related and consistent with business necessity, dismissing the case on summary judgment.    Clearly this was not a good case either. Why would EEOC bring such a case, and what does it say about the EEOC and how it decides to file lawsuits?    Chairman Walberg. My time is expired, and I think that punctuates it.    I now recognize the gentleman from Wisconsin, Mr. Pocan.    Chairman Walberg. I would just for the record say the business owners are afraid of being sued so they send their attorneys.    Chairman Walberg. The gentleman's time is expired. We will move on with the next questioning.    And I recognize now the gentlelady from North Carolina, Ms. Adams.    Chairman Walberg. I thank the gentlelady.    Now I recognize the gentleman from California, Mr. DeSaulnier.    Chairman Walberg. I thank the gentleman.    And I thank the witnesses for your attention to our questions and responses.    And before we go to closing comments, for the record I would like to submit a number of letters that were supplied to us on this issue expressing their concerns, their ideas, from business groups, child care groups, et cetera, that would be good to have in our record.    Chairman Walberg. Hearing no objection, they will be submitted.    I now recognize the gentlelady from Florida, the Ranking Member, Ms. Wilson.    Chairman Walberg. I thank the gentlelady.    And I concur. We are the Subcommittee on Workforce Protections and this is our job to do, and we will do it with all due diligence as necessary, including the hearings we have or may have in the future.    We are responsible to make sure that the workforce is protected, but we want to make sure as well as we--when we do that that the places that the workforce work are protected, as well--that we have that symbiotic relationship that says there will be success in the workplace because there are successful, safe workers that are doing jobs that they are fit and prepared to do. And they are protected against even--should I say unthinking action requirements that don't recognize the reality of the workplace or the workforce.    To think that there would be a steelworker that would go to work drunk in an unsafe situation, like the number two electric furnace that I worked at, and be hurt because U.S. Steel would be prohibited from doing its due diligence and making sure the person meets the needs and the concerns. The fact that we would be putting places--employees in places of work without questioning that they physically could not handle because of age, because of disability.    Even if it is in a restaurant that is high intensity and serves customers from 7 o'clock on, and it takes someone with more stamina than me to be--to work in that restaurant. And yet, because of laws that don't deal with flexibility and look at the issue not to discriminate against a person or a class of persons, but understands the workplace and wants people to succeed, yes, for the benefit of the employer, but also the benefit of the employee as well.    To think that there is a Commission that has been appointed to deal with these issues and make sure that, indeed, employees are cared for and that there are suits that are brought against employers for discrimination on basis of law, that there is a 70,000-person backlog, or case backlog.    And yet, we can talk about the success rate of systemic cases, for instance. Yet there are relatively few. And sadly, a good number of those are being thrown out. And equally as sad, taxpayers are footing the bill to pay for the costs of these frivolous suits.    We have contradictory laws that our employers and employees are expected to carry out and live under--both federal and state, and state and federal. And even federal and federal, with Obamacare versus the Civil Right Act and the Disabilities Act.    Those are concerns, and that is why we have this hearing. And that is why these four bills have been initiated. And that is why we are doing due diligence and making sure that these bills attack the problem that is there and not something that we are just guessing at.    We want workers to be successful. We want people to be not discriminated against. We want employers to be successful and not hindered by laws that go far afield from what they want to do in carrying on with their employees, as well.    So I appreciate the panel today.    I appreciate my subcommittee members and the diligence that you put to this hearing, and we look forward to further movement down the road.The following opinions were submitted for the record by Ms. Heriot, and are included in the committee archive for this hearing:Without further agenda before this subcommittee, I declare it adjourned.