    Mr. Hudson. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And I would like to thank the witnesses for being here today. Really appreciate your testimony. It has been very informative and helpful for me to understand this process.    I would like to start with Mr. Conger.    What percentage of DOD's hazardous waste facilities have been identified on the Federal Facilities Hazardous Waste Compliance Docket as required in CERCLA?    Mr. Hudson. Would you mind following up with us with that number?    Mr. Hudson. I would appreciate it.    What percentage of DOD sites that you have identified have the required preliminary assessments been completed on?    Mr. Hudson. Great.    For those that you have completed the required assessment, have copies of those assessments and other relevant information been provided to the State and the EPA?    Mr. Hudson. Great.    What is the typical, on average, length of time it takes for DOD to complete one of these initial assessments?    Mr. Hudson. So you would disagree with the assessment from GAO that it takes 2 to 3 years typically for----    Mr. Hudson. Gotcha.    If Congress were to establish a deadline, as has been recommended, for completion of these assessments, would that help DOD complete these in a more timely fashion? Or do you think it is more just a factor of the complexity of----    Mr. Hudson. Well, thank you for that.    Mr. Hudson. Thank you.    Mr. Whitney, I will sort of go down the same line of questioning with you. What percentage of DOE hazardous sites are actually on the list?    Mr. Hudson. Great.    Well, for those that have gone through and completed the assessments, have copies of those been passed on to the relevant agencies--state, EPA, others?    Mr. Hudson. Great.    And how many of the sites that have been assessed required some level of cleanup?    Mr. Hudson. OK. I appreciate that.    Mr. Stanislaus, going back to the issue of abandoned mines on Federal properties, how does EPA oversee the cleanup of these if they are on Federal property?    Mr. Hudson. OK. Well, of those, does EPA have a sense of how much contaminated mine drainage discharges from these mines on a daily, weekly, monthly, yearly basis?    Mr. Hudson. OK. Thank you.    What steps do the various Federal agencies routinely take to prevent and stop these types of discharges?    Mr. Hudson. Gotcha.    What are the impacts on stream water quality from these discharges?    Mr. Hudson. So who is legally responsible for cleaning up when you have these discharges on these sites that you have the jurisdiction over?    Mr. Hudson. So who is legally responsible?    Mr. Hudson. Great. Thank you.    And, Mr. Chairman, I believe I have exceeded my time.