    Mr. Yoho. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And I appreciate the panel being here.    And I think that is good idea, to follow up on textbooks.    Let's see. The meeting today was ``Financially Rewarding Terrorism in the West Bank.'' And that is exactly what we see with the Palestinian Authority. I have been here for 3\1/2\ years, and it amazes me--because we talk about this--that we are rewarding terrorist activities.    We put in a resolution a year and a half ago, Resolution 542, that would cease and stop all payments to the Palestinian Authority until they stopped doing what they are doing.    And, you know, I have heard the arguments on both sides of this. ``If we stop this, it will open up a vacuum; that vacuum will get filled by worse players.'' For 3\1/2\ years, I have sat here and watched this discussion, and since 2008 we have given approximately $500 million a year to the Palestinian Authority in the name of peace. The American people are being sold that we are giving this foreign aid to the Palestinian Authority in the name of peace--$4 billion, $4 billion of my money, of everybody sitting here's money.    Every person in America has paid $4 billion in the name of peace, yet the Palestinian Authority, through their own laws, which I find--they have a National Palestinian Fund. And it goes on to say, ``Financial support for prisoners is anchored in a series of laws and government decrees. The prisoners are described as a fighting sector. The financial rights''--the financial rights--``of the prisoner and his family must be assured.'' ``The financial rights of the prisoner and his family must be assured.''    It also stated that the PA will provide allowance to every prisoner without discrimination. Well, I am glad to see they don't discriminate. According to the law, the PA must--must--provide prisoners with a monthly allowance during their incarceration and salaries or jobs upon release. They are also entitled to exemptions from payments for education, health care, and professional training.    Years of imprisonment are calculated as years of seniority of service in PA institutions. Whoever is in prison for 5 years or more is entitled to a job in the PA institution. The PA gives priority in job placement to people who were involved in terrorist activities.    Does this sound like a policy to bring peace? Does anybody want to just make a quick comment? Because I want to go on.    Mr. Wexler.    Mr. Yoho. Okay. I hear that. And when we put in this resolution, we got some blow-back from the Jewish community saying this would be terrible, it would increase more violence.    And it reminds me of that essay that was written--I am sure you guys have heard of it--``The Sheep, the Wolves, and the Sheepdogs.'' It was written by a retired Army lieutenant colonel, David Grossman. And they said there is a certain amount of risk that people are willing to live with. And when the sheep knows his enemy is the wolf, they will huddle to one side of the pasture because they understand there is a certain amount of risk. They are not going to get everybody. But they will live with that. But when you introduce an unknown, the sheepdog, the sheep don't understand that it is there to protect them, so they run over to the wolf, their known enemy.    And I think that we have a situation here that we know that we are giving money in the name of peace. We have a history of doing that. And it is not working. And the unknown is what happens if we remove that.    And I want to build on what my colleague Mr. Perry said, that I think it would change people's focus and they would have to pivot and say, you know what, the Americans are playing hardball--I don't want to say ``hardball,'' but very discrete, or very direct, and say, if these policies continue, we are done.    You know, the textbooks, as Mr. Sherman brought up, I have heard that for 3 years. We are funding hatred. We are funding terrorism. And I think if we, as Americans, as the government, come out strongly and say our new policy is this, you need to make adjustments in the Palestinian Authority and in Israel, because we are not going to tolerate this anymore.    You know, I don't need to remind anybody in here, our Government is struggling financially. To spend $6 billion in the name of peace, when we can't pay our own veterans and we can't do things here, I think is unconscionable. And I will not support any money going to the Palestinian Authority.    Thank you.