    Ms. McKinley. Well, thank you. Thank you, Congressman. And thank you, Chairman, for the opportunity to address the group today.    This legislative hearing on post-acute care and especially on H.R. 1458, this Bundling and Post-Acute Care Act. As many of you may be aware, the President has already put post-acute care bundling in his budget, and we passed it, and the House has already included in our House version of what is in the conference right now is a concept of this. So it is very important that we--it is not a new concept. It is one that we have been working together on this framework for now 3 years, both with all the stakeholders. We have been working with the committee staff and they have been incredibly supportive in trying to put together something that answers this need. But for 3 years been trying to put this--because this is going to improve care for seniors and is going to help Medicare in the long run with it.    It develops a model for post-acute care services which will increase efficiency, encourage more choice and personalized care for patients, and offer some significant savings to the program in the process. There have been some people have argued that it might cost money. To the contrary. The CBO has already issued a finding that it could save between $20 and $25 billion, with a B, for Medicare if this program were put through. Not through cuts, but through creating efficiency in the post-acute care system. A bill that innovates, improves efficiency, protects Medicare and has a pay for of $20 to $25 billion, I think it deserves meaningful consideration.    And I really applaud the committee and the chairman all for giving it consideration here today. And I yield back the balance of my time.    Ms. McKinley. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And thank you to the panel.    It was interesting how the first panel we had, they primarily were interested in cost. I saw a lot of questions had to do with cost, and the second panel you are more interested in--appropriately in quality of care and how that is going to be but----    So, let me try to address some of the issues I heard in the first panel before we went to vote is about the cost. I just want to remind everyone that I know it differs from the quality, but they need to be reminded again. This is a paid-for program with $20 to $25 billion in savings to protect our Medicare system. We also know that there have been at least three test cases of using this, both in Fresno, California and the Midwest and New England that actually have tried this model. And in all cases, the savings have been anywhere from 10 to 21 percent savings. So this thing does work on the cost side of it.    And, Dr. Hammerman, you raise the issue of readmission. And having served on a hospital board for 28 years, I am very sensitive to that. And under this particular legislation, the cost coordinator is the one that is going to be responsible for that. So let's go back to what that--the definition for those. I am sure everyone has read the bill. But under the provision, it is for the patient with the guidance of their physician, the guidance of their physician, to select their preferred provider, this coordinator. And then under the definition of the coordinator, it could be a hospital.    So when we talk about cost cutting here, we talk about cutting quality, you are challenging hospitals that they are not doing quality care because under the very bill, it says they can be the coordinator. It could be the PAC coordinator, insurer, or third-party administrator, or a combination of hospital and PAC. So there is a whole series all of which come down to the secretary will make the determination of how their qualifications are set so they could be selected to be able to provide the services. The bottom line is, we are trying to find ways to help people find through a coordinator to get the best care for them so that they don't get readmitted to the hospital.    So, Dr. Landers, let's go back to your--it is essential, as we know, that any reform we undertake results in the improvement over the status quo of our rural communities. I come from a rural America, Wheeling, West Virginia. And in many areas all across this country, it is rural.    So we are concerned, do you anticipate that rural patients will benefit from care coordination that is provided under this model; and that the coordinators, these ones that we have described, will have full rural coverage?    Ms. McKinley. One of the things that we have talked often about, as the chairman has pointed out, I don't serve on this committee as--but I am keenly interested in a lot of these issues primarily because of the waste, fraud, and abuse that we hear often used here in Washington about Medicare.    So we look at this thing. And do you think this BACPAC legislation will help weed out some of the bad actors that have perhaps been abusing this system by using a coordinator?    Ms. McKinley. Thank you. I wanted that to come out.    And then, also, I just spoke on the floor before we came out with some of the other people that were in the committee earlier today, and we were talking about some of these issues. And one of the questions that was raised also in the first panel was, is this going to be a cost outside the system, and it is not. And I was explaining that. They hadn't had a chance to review the bill yet, and that was that this is built into the cost. So that we want to reinforce, this is not our projection, but this is from the CBO that says that, under this legislation, it scores between $10--or $20 and $25 billion and for--and it was added that we could very well be addressing some of the waste, fraud, and abuse in the system by virtue of this cleaning out the bad actors.    So I appreciate your panel and the questions raised. I think there have been some very interesting points. It is a framework. It is going to keep moving. I hope that some of the issues that you have raised can be amended and corrected and added into this legislation. But we have to move forward. I don't think we want to be waiting for another 2 or 3 years before we move on this.    So I thank you, Mr. Chairman, for having this hearing and I hope that we can proceed with this legislation. Thank you.