    Mr. Lowenthal. Thank you, Mr. Chair. Dr. Christy, I am a little confused, so I just really want some quick clarification.    In an earlier statement today you said that you did not believe in a causal link between carbon dioxide, CO2, and climate change. In fact, I think you said that thermometers say that temperatures have gone up, but they don't say why. Is that accurate?    Mr. Lowenthal. So you do not believe that, as I say, that there is this causal link. We have not proven this causal link.    Mr. Lowenthal. I got it. Then you went on to say, though, in response to a question from my esteemed colleague, Mr. Wittman, that you know exactly how much less the earth would warm if the United States stopped emitting all of its greenhouse gases.    So, on one hand, you say there is no causal connection between greenhouse gases and the warming. And then you say, in the same hearing, you can definitely predict the exact future warming due to less greenhouse gases. How do you reconcile this?    Mr. Lowenthal. So you do not believe in that climate model at all.    Mr. Lowenthal. I am asking you a question.    Mr. Lowenthal. Do you----    Mr. Lowenthal. You told us exactly how much there would be less greenhouse warming.    Mr. Lowenthal. So, you pick and choose when you use that model, by saying to us that it does not occur. So, to me, I am trying to understand. Are you saying that you do not understand how much CO2 will warm the earth, that there is no relationship, or that there is--that CO2--not that CO2 will warm the earth, it is just how much it will warm the earth, is that what you are saying?    Mr. Lowenthal. All right. So then, I would just like to say, as we go on, before I even ask any more questions, that I first want to put into the record, Mr. Chair, if it is OK, a letter that 53 of my colleagues and I wrote to the Director, indicating our strong support on the Council of Environmental Quality's December 2014 draft guidance providing Federal agencies the direction. So I would like that to be in the record, that 53 of my colleagues have supported what the CEQ is doing, if that is OK.    The Chairman. Without objection.    Mr. Lowenthal. Thank you. Then I just want to also make a statement that I am pleased that we are holding this hearing, first, to acknowledge the successes of NEPA. It has been a bedrock of transparency, it has been an essential tool, also, for many, many people who have been cut out of the process, or otherwise would be cut out of the process, because of their lack of money or power.    For example, in my own district recently, there is a new 8\1/2\ mile light rail that is being developed in Los Angeles. But because of community comments during the NEPA process, which included public meetings and comment periods, the developer has now re-purposed 5 miles using existing tracks, rather than build the entire 8\1/2\ miles from scratch, cause less disruption, and save substantial time and money.    So, I think that we can see this tremendous benefit of NEPA, especially in providing greater and greater input. I believe that a NEPA analysis should include the impacts of projects on greenhouse gases. I think that is really important. And I just want to make sure, for the record, that--Mr. Clark, do you agree that they should, that this would be very helpful for them to include this?    Mr. Lowenthal. Thank you. Also, Director?    Mr. Lowenthal. Good. I am then, again, very pleased that 53 of my colleagues have agreed with me, and place this into the record, and I yield back.    The Chairman. Mr. Thompson.