    Mr. Lyons. Chairman Bishop, Chairman Gohmert, and Ranking Member Dingell, I appreciate this opportunity to appear before you today to discuss BLM's proposed amendments to its planning rules.    As you know, FLPMA was enacted into law about 40 years ago. The framework for developing and amending BLM's land resource management plans has changed little in the past three decades and, in fact, has only been revised slightly. Yet much has changed in the past 40 years with regard to management and the use of the public lands.    New uses, such as renewable energy production, are a part of an expanding variety of public land uses. Conflicts between users and uses of public lands are increasing, as pressures mount on rural communities to try to maintain their economic flow, meet the needs for their economies, and, at the same time, address the expanding interests of others.    Factors affecting the use and management of the public lands are going beyond traditional planning boundaries, resulting in impacts on, as Mr. McAfee said, watersheds, landscapes, and regions. I think there are plenty of examples of that today, dealing with fire, invasive species, water supplies, and wildlife habitat.    The current planning framework has been the source of frustration for many people, from community leaders, to public land users, to other stakeholders and, in fact, the planners themselves. The Bureau has heard many complaints about the planning process from many of these and, in fact, in 2011 initiated an internal effort to review the planning process. At that point in time, they recommended the need for change in the process.    The complaints, again, were many. The process takes too long, it is not transparent, opportunities for input are few, and final plans, in the end, do not meet our needs. For these reasons and for others, the BLM has proposed new rules for public land use planning that have been in development for a number of years. These proposed rules are really built on the foundation of the current planning process, but they represent a sincere and serious effort to try to address the many concerns and complaints that have been raised by a wide range of stakeholders with regard to BLM planning process.    The proposed rules provide for some important improvements in the planning process, and I will just highlight a few.    First and foremost, the planning rules seek to provide additional opportunities for input earlier in the planning process. Through the establishment of an assessment requirement, actually, before formal planning begins, the opportunity exists for everyone to provide input into the process, to share data, information, ideas, ways to identify and deal with conflicts, and potential areas of agreement as a foundation for planning.    In essence, the purpose of the assessment is to provide a common baseline to share information and have everyone bring their views, perspectives, and resource information to the table. I would suggest that that in particular can be a significant benefit to local communities and counties who may not have the resources to do their own assessments, but can, in fact, benefit from those assessment reports that are prepared before the formal planning process begins.    Second, resource management issues are not conveniently limited to traditional planning boundaries. Unfortunately, under current rules, no matter how expansive the concern or the particular need, we are required to do plans within the existing planning boundaries. So, when a wildfire crosses state lines, we have to develop plans that fit those particular circumstances in the current planning process.    Under the proposed rule, the planning boundaries can be adjusted to the scale necessary to deal with the issues of concern. This can increase efficiency and effectiveness. It does not, in any way, negate the importance of local input and the value of that stakeholder, coordinator, and cooperator involvement. Nevertheless, it can help us do things in a more efficient and effective way. The same data analysis can help inform the planning process and all participants in moving forward, but dealing with the issue at the appropriate scale, in an appropriate manner, and hopefully in a much more efficient and effective way.    Third, the proposed planning rule process actually reaffirms the unique role the cooperators play in working with the Bureau and helping with the development of land use plans. Cooperators can work with planners throughout the process and, similar to the current process for the engagement of cooperators, they become a part of the planning team from the very outset. In fact, many of our people talked about providing desk space and a chair for representatives who are cooperators from local and state government. So, cooperators' opportunities are not negated in any way. In fact, we think they are enhanced through this more open and earlier planning process.    Now, unfortunately, there is a great deal of misinformation and, I think, misunderstanding out there with regard to the Planning 2.0 effort and the BLM's proposed planning rule. We certainly look forward, Mr. Chairman, to working with all those who depend upon the public lands or have an interest in their lands, to try to address these concerns and put together a final rule that we think will help improve the planning and management of our public lands. Thank you.    Mr. Lyons. No, Mr. Chairman, Director Kornze and I have had a conversation about that, and that is certainly something we are willing to revisit.    I should explain that, in an attempt to limit the amount of time spent on planning in providing additional information or opportunities for input up front, I think an effort was made to cut back on some of those later comment periods. I think we need to rethink that, as you suggest.    Mr. Lyons. Thank you for that question, Mr. Chairman. We have gone through an extensive process in developing the rule and in seeking input from various sources. We have held workshops, we have held webinars, we have had a 60-day comment period, which was extended another 30 days. We do not want the process of preparing the planning rules to last as long as it takes today to prepare a plan.    The Chairman. Even though you have had repeated requests for extended comment periods?    Mr. Lyons. We will continue to accept input from those who want to provide that input. In fact, we continue to look at that input and will factor that into the completion of the final rule.    The Chairman. I guess it comes back again to, it is not where the input is coming from, but who is actually making the decisions on this input, which is one of the other questions that we have coming up here.    Let me ask you one other question, as well. Are you aware of any instances, including the management of national monuments, where BLM is currently using Planning 2.0 procedures or where BLM has told communities that the Planning 2.0 procedures would be used, regardless of whether or not they had been finalized?    Mr. Lyons. Mr. Chairman, we have pilot-tested the application of Planning 2.0 principles. In particular, I would offer work that was done in western Montana, in and around the communities of Missoula. And the response was quite positive. In fact, if I may----    The Chairman. No, just answer the question. Have you done it?    Mr. Lyons. We have pilot-tested this in a number of places, and it has been a very positive response.    The Chairman. Have you told communities that you would use 2.0 regardless of whether they have been finalized or not?    Mr. Lyons. We did not use 2.0, we applied the principles and concepts as we are developing this to try to do what I think any prudent organization would do. We are testing the approach----    The Chairman. OK, come on, in English. The answer is yes, then?    Mr. Lyons. No.    The Chairman. The answer is no. So you have not implemented----    Mr. Lyons. No, we have not implemented Planning 2.0 yet. It is not the rule----    The Chairman. Except even though you said you have already pilot-tested----    Mr. Lyons. We have pilot-tested elements of it. Yes, sir.    The Chairman. And there has not been a situation in which you told communities you are going to be using this whether it is finalized or not?    Mr. Lyons. No, sir. We have not completed the rule.    The Chairman. OK. Then I hope some of the input we are having has been inaccurate.    Let me go back to that ``deciding official'' concept again. Mr. Fontaine, let me ask you the same thing I asked Mr. Ogsbury earlier on. Is it ever appropriate to have that defining official be somebody who lives outside the jurisdiction of either a county or a state, if the entire plan is within the jurisdiction of that county or state?    Mr. Lyons. Mr. Chairman, I am actually not aware of that, so I am going to have to do a little homework and try to understand where that impression has come from.    The Chairman. Well, good. If we gave you an extended comment period, maybe you could answer that.    Mr. Lyons. Thank you, sir.    The Chairman. I see a yellow light over there. Let me yield back and see how many other people have something else to go with.    Mr. Lyons. Yes, Mr. Chairman. I would say this. We have done outreach, as I said before. We have sought input. We have gotten over 6,000 comments on the rule, which I am glad to provide for the record, if you like. Our intent is not to have to have people come to Washington. Our goal is to engage with people on the ground. That is the way the plans would be implemented. It is no different than the way things occur now with regard to cooperators.    Mr. Lyons. I would emphasize that we have worked through our resource advisory committees--and again, I can provide this information for the record--who are locally representative, to secure additional input and feedback on the rules, as well. We are trying to engage at that level, and to engage as well on a regional level to secure information that will help us improve the rule.    This conversation is interesting and helpful in helping us to decide how we are going to finalize the rule. As I indicated to the Chairman, we are not done yet, and we certainly appreciate the feedback.    Mr. Lyons. Frankly, Mr. Chairman, I think this is a conversation to be had with the Director, but I would suggest that we have done our utmost over the period of time that we have been working on this rule to try to secure additional input, and now it is time to finalize a rule based on all the input we received and then apply it.    Mr. Lyons. I am confident, Congressman, that the proposed rule is consistent with FLPMA and our authorities. My takeaway is we have a lot of work to do to help correct some misperceptions and misunderstanding of the rule, and----    Mr. Lyons. No.    Mr. Lyons. No, no. What I am saying, Congressman, is that we have work to do to consider all the input that was provided today and has been provided throughout this period, and to see, to what extent we can address those concerns, but I am confident----    Mr. Lyons. Well, I would suggest, Congressman, that everyone is rendering opinions, including myself. I am not an attorney. I will let our solicitor's office confirm that, if that is helpful.    Mr. Lyons. We have heard from a number of states who are concerned about the rule. Yes, sir.    Mr. Lyons. I would have to check on the specifics, Congressman.    Mr. Lyons. I think we are going to do everything we can, Congressman, to address the concerns that have been raised, and attempt to complete the rule.    Mr. Lyons. I am not aware of that. I can't answer that, sir.    Mr. Lyons. That is not what I said, sir.    Mr. Lyons. No. What I said was, we are willing to listen as we have, and will continue to do. We are going to listen to the comments that have been provided----    Mr. Lyons. Attempt to address the issues to the best of our ability in attempting to finalize the rule.    Mr. Lyons. I think we are in the process of working that through right now, sir.    Mr. Lyons. Where did I go wrong?    Mr. Lyons. Thank you, Congressman. I appreciate the opportunity, and I am proud to see one of my students, at least, has been successful.    What I would say is that I agree completely that local input is essential to making sound resource management decisions. You have heard me say that before. I think, unfortunately, the way in which this rule has been characterized misrepresents, at least from my perspective--and I realize there are different perspectives in the room--how this would work.    The goal here is to provide additional opportunities for input up front. That is what the assessment process is about, so everyone has the same basic information going into the planning process.    We would require, before plan alternatives are developed, that there be a discussion with all the local interests, all interests, including locally elected officials and cooperators, about the construction of those alternatives; and the responsible official who is developing the plan has an obligation to explain why those alternatives fit with the resource conditions and the baseline information provided. I think that helps improve local collaboration, coordination, and should produce a better product.    What was indicated in the pilot we did in Missoula was that that was, in fact, the case. In fact, many of the issues that probably would have been exposed much later in the process surfaced early, and discussions began among various parties toward resolving those issues, and they were pleased with the outcome.    We are trying to find ways to expedite a process that should be driven by local interests and local concerns, recognizing that these are public lands and every American may have an interest in these lands. But local interest, locally elected officials, cooperators, have a unique role to play. FLPMA acknowledges that, and that is why they have a seat at the table. Or, put another way, that is why they are in the tent. They are a part of the process from start to finish, and that would continue under this proposed rule. That would not change.    So, I think the perception that this drives all decisions back to Washington is a gross misunderstanding of what the rule intends to achieve. It is, in fact, intended to capitalize on lessons learned over a long period of time in planning to respond to what we heard from local interests and from our own planners, who said we have to change the process.    In fact, in part it reflects a conversation that Director Kornze relayed to us as we began this process. In one of his first meetings, he met with Governor Herbert and Secretary Jewell. One of the requests that Governor Herbert made was, ``Can you please fix this process? It just takes too long, and by the time you are done it is irrelevant.'' And this is what we are seeking to do in the changes we have made in this proposed rule.