    Ms. Gardner. Thank you, Mr. Chairman and Congresswoman Brooks and members of the committee for allowing me to speak to you today. My name is Rachelle Gardner, and I have the privilege of serving as the Director of Adolescent Services for Fairbanks, an addiction treatment provider, and the Chief Operating Officer of Hope Academy, a recovery high school, both located in Indianapolis, Indiana.    Hope Academy is the only recovery high school in Indiana and one of 35 recovery schools in the United States. For the last 4 years, I have served as the Chair of Board of Directors for the Association of Recovery Schools, also known as ARS, and the purpose of ARS is to support and inspire recovery schools around the country. My entire career has been dedicated to working with youth who are struggling with substance abuse.    The abuse of opiates continues to rise in central Indiana. According to the Indiana University Center for Health Policy, the number of adolescents receiving treatment for opiate dependence has risen 9 percent over the last 5 years. One of the most staggering statistics is that since 1999, the number of opiate-related deaths has quadrupled in Indiana. Over the last 18 months, Fairbanks has admitted 360 young people ages 15 to 23 who indicated opiates as their primary drug of choice.    Heroin holds a firm grip on its victims and the withdrawal experience from this drug is extremely painful and challenging to overcome. Another danger of heroin is the significant potential for a fatal overdose. According to the Indiana State Department of Health, in 2011 there were 63 heroin-related deaths in Indiana and in 2013 that number increased to 152.    All of the programs and services at Fairbanks for adults and adolescents are driven by our mission to focus on recovery. Recovery from alcohol and drug addiction is challenging for anyone, but especially for our young people who have yet to develop the coping skills necessary to work a successful recovery program.    In the United States, 80 percent of students relapse from recovery upon returning to their high school following primary treatment for substance abuse. Fairbanks was seeing this same trend and in response, opened Hope Academy in 2006. Hope Academy is a public charter school sponsored by the Mayor of Indianapolis. We serve students in grades 9 through 12 who are seeking a safe, sober, and supportive environment. We are committed to small class sizes with highly qualified teachers who are well trained to educate and support students in recovery from drug and alcohol addiction. Most of our students struggle with co-occurring behavioral and mental health issues as well, yet because of the expertise of our staff, we are able to address these issues.    The key to a successful recovery program is changing the people, places, and things in your life. Sending a child back to their former school puts them in the environment that may have led to their drug and alcohol use. Hope Academy provides these students with an environment that contributes to academic success, personal growth, and life-long recovery. Our students' success is measured in growth. We define growth in many ways: the number of days they remain abstinent from drugs and alcohol, their ability to obtain credits and graduate, repairing relationships with families and friends, and developing much-needed life skills.    Over the last 9 years we have served more than 500 students at Hope Academy. Some of these students felt strong enough in their recovery to successfully transition back to their home schools and graduate. Yet over 100 students chose to stay and are now alumni of Hope Academy. Many have pursued postsecondary education or advanced vocational training with the goal of joining the workforce and contributing positively to their communities.    Academic achievement and recovery success are our primary goals at Hope Academy. We have partnered with Indiana Wesleyan University's Addictions Counseling Program to produce a Web site for the purpose of sharing research outcomes with other recovery schools around the country. One recent study produced data that strongly suggests students attending Hope Academy were overall persistent in their education, which in turn reduced their behavioral and mental health issues while increasing the strength of their recoveries.    Through my work with the Association of Recovery Schools, I have become quite familiar with the national advocacy efforts surrounding the Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act of 2015, or CARA. Last year, Senator Whitehouse of Rhode Island and Senator Portman of Ohio submitted this critical piece of federal legislation. If passed, this would authorize increased funding for treatment, recovery, and criminal justice systems while aiming to reduce opioid misuse and overdose deaths. In section 303 of CARA, the National Youth Recovery Initiative is of special importance to the various organizations I represent because of the attention it pays to adolescent treatment and recovery resources. Each of you can help us get the resources needed to make a lasting impact on the opiate crisis at a national level by first empowering our local communities. This passage of legislation is critical to helping our youth, our families and our communities who are fighting this epidemic on a daily basis.    The disease of addiction has permeated our society for hundreds of years. In my 25 years of experience, I have never, ever seen a class of drugs take hold of young people like I have with opiates. They are highly addictive and too often lead to premature death, which unfortunately I have seen way too many times. Opiates are claiming the lives of our country's future leaders.    My hope in testifying today is that together we can not only provide young people the access to treatment and recovery supports they need but also to restore their hope for a positive future.    Thank you for the opportunity to be here today and I look forward to answering any of your questions.    Ms. Gardner. Well, we have talked a lot about the disease and the negative effects and the horrible things that happen with this disease, but there is hope. There are lots of people across this country staying clean and sober, have multiple years. I get the pleasure of working with young people, watching them graduate, watching them go on to postsecondary education, watching them become productive members of the communities.    I work with lots of young people around the country who have gone through similar situations through high school and collegiate recovery that are doing great things. There is a lot of hope. I agree with the panelists. We are all saying the same thing. It is a comprehensive approach to this between medications, between law enforcement, between schools, between educating doctors. There is hope.    Ms. Gardner. And we need to focus on the hope.    Ms. Gardner. So a little bit about the school. We are a high school so we are 9th through 12th grade, public education, so it is a tuition-free school. It looks a little different at our school. They start a little later. What we have in the school is called recovery coaches. So, it is a dual recovery. It is about gaining better grades so that they can go on to higher education but it is also about helping them to stay in long-term recovery. Sometimes that is a daily battle. Some kids have been there that have been there, that have 6 months to a year sober. Some have 30 days. They come to us from treatment centers. They come to us from private therapists. They come to us from jails, from probation. So we are dealing with a wide variety of young people. But the whole goal is to help them be in a safe, sober environment and to be able to go on to graduate and be successful.    We have done lots of research with our students in the sense of what works for different students who have different drugs of choice, but what we know is, is that if we can help them sustain daily recovery and we look at long-term recovery as staying abstinence free, doing 12 steps or doing other types of recovery supports, that we know there is a chance to move on and to have their brains as their brains are developing become more salient and more ability to learn and make better choices and develop some positive coping skills, the better the success is going to be.    Ms. Gardner. So we have talked a lot about law enforcement, we have talked a lot about medication. Access to treatment is a problem across the country. The Affordable Care Act has allowed the ability for more people to get it. My opinion in Indiana currently, our young people don't get to stay long enough in treatment. We look at young people like we look at adults. Their brains haven't developed the ability to make informed decisions and so you are looking at a young person who is addicted but also having to be an adolescent and help them grow with their development. They need longer times away from those people, places and things, and their ability to access recovery supports, be it schools, be it things within a traditional school, be it long-term aftercare kinds of programs, which aren't funded.    Ms. Gardner. Yes, sir.    Ms. Gardner. Thank you.