    Mr. Pallone. I am sorry, Mr. Pallone is here now. Mr. Pallone is recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Pallone. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Thank you for convening the hearing today. And I am glad we are taking this opportunity to examine how the Federal Government supports individuals with serious mental illness, but also looking into how we can strengthen our mental health system for the future. We all agree that there are ways we can do better.    The GAO report we are talking about today calls for improved coordination and evaluation of Federal programs that help those with serious mental illness. And these are valuable goals, but I want to make sure we don't discount the work HHS, SAMHSA, and other Federal agencies are already doing in these areas.    The GAO report identified 112 programs across the Federal Government that support those with serious mental illness. Now, within that group, there are 30 programs that specifically focus on individuals with serious mental illness. GAO, however, did not review the merits or quality of these programs, so we should hear from HHS and SAMHSA about the work they are doing, how these programs help individuals with a variety of needs, and how these agencies plan to build upon these programs moving forward.    It is also important to emphasize that HHS, SAMHSA, and their partners across the Federal Government do coordinate on mental health programming. The GAO report notes that, and I quote, ``Staff from 90 percent of the programs targeted serious mental illness reported coordinating with their counterparts and other programs.''    HHS coordinates with a number of departments and agencies, including the Department of Defense, the Department of Veterans Affairs, the Department of Education, to carry out critical programs for individuals with serious mental illness. SAMHSA also co-chairs the HHS Behavioral Health Coordinating Council, which includes a Subcommittee on Serious Mental Illness.    The GAO report also noted that SAMHSA had completed, or was in the process of completing, nine program evaluations in the past several years, and I look forward to hearing from SAMHSA about the results of these evaluations, and how they have improved program efficiency and effectiveness, as well as how SAMHSA utilizes other monitoring and evaluation tools. Notably, the GAO report did not review the programs that provide reimbursement of insured services for individuals with serious mental illness, including Medicare and Medicaid. These programs are a huge part of the work HHS does to support early diagnosis and treatment of mental illness.    And lastly, Mr. Chairman, I want to highlight the role of the Affordable Care Act in guaranteeing coverage of mental health services. Continuing implementation of the ACA will go a long way in ensuring that people with serious mental illness have access to the treatments they need. In fact, we should support programs that focus on prevention and early diagnosis of mental illness. We can more effectively support individuals with serious mental illness by treating them early in the course of their illnesses, and altering the trajectory of their condition.    So again, I want to thank our witnesses. And I would like to yield my remaining time to the gentleman from New York, Mr. Tonko.    Mr. Pallone. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    There are always going to be opportunities to strengthen and expand the Federal programs that serve individuals living with serious mental illness, and I know that the officials here from HHS would agree with that statement.    So I would like to learn more about the new programs and other improvements that the department has made since fiscal year 2013 when GAO conducted its evaluation, and how the department plans to expand its work in the future.    So in fiscal year 2014, SAMHSA implemented a new set-aside in the mental health services block grant requiring the states to use 5 percent of their block grant funds to support treatment for individuals in the early stages of serious mental illness.    Administrator Hyde, can you describe how states will be using that funding, and how will SAMHSA be monitoring and evaluating this initiative?    Mr. Pallone. OK, thanks. In your testimony, you mentioned that many people living with serious mental illness are unemployed. And in fiscal year 2014, SAMHSA launched the Transforming Lives Through Supported Employment program to help address this problem. Can you elaborate on how this program specifically supports individuals with serious mental illness, and what other partners does SAMHSA work with on this program?    Mr. Pallone. OK. Last week, SAMHSA outlined additional plans to support individuals with serious mental illness in its fiscal year 2016 budget request. So I wanted to ask you if you could tell us about the demonstration program that SAMHSA has proposed to improve state and local responses to behavioral health crisis.    Mr. Pallone. Did you want to mention any other initiatives that HHS hopes to launch or expand in the next fiscal year to support individuals with serious mental illness?    Mr. Pallone. Thank you.