    Mr. MULLIGAN. Chairman Boustany, Chairman Walorski, Ranking Member Doggett, and Ranking Member McGovern, and all the Members of the Subcommittee, thank you for really the opportunity and the honor today to discuss with you about how public policy has affected the reward to working.    A basic economic principle is that the monetary reward to working has important effects on how many people are employed and how much they work. People without jobs or otherwise with low incomes sometimes receive benefits from social safety net programs. The benefits themselves are rarely called taxes by laymen, but economists understand the benefits to have many of the characteristics of tax rates because a program beneficiary loses some or all of her benefits as a consequence of accepting a job.    I have illustrated the reward idea in figure 1 of my testimony. The left bar in that figure measures the resources available when working, and the right bar measures the resources the same person would have if not working, including subsidies net of taxes paid. The difference between the two bars is the monetary reward to working.    Now, consider adding a new safety net program, which I put in green, or expanding an old one. Exactly because it gives more help when not working, the new program reduces the reward to working. The combined effect of taxes and subsidies on the reward to accepting a job can be summarized as a penalty, the effective amount that is lost from paying taxes and replacing benefits associated with not working. I like to express that penalty as a marginal tax rate, namely as a percentage of employee compensation.    If there were no penalty, then the marginal tax rate would be zero. Thanks to a labyrinth of tax and subsidy programs, the marginal tax rate can equal or exceed 100 percent, which means that at least as many resources are available when not working as when working.    Government tax and spending rules reduce the reward to working for two separate reasons. First, the rules include income contingencies. The more income from work means more taxes and fewer benefits. But second and separate and not unimportant is the rules include employment contingencies. More employment for a family affects its taxes and benefit amounts even if their income is the same.    For unmarried middle-class Americans, SNAP is not a marginal tax on their income, despite the 30 percent benefit-reduction rate, because they are ineligible for the program whenever they are working. But SNAP is a marginal tax on their employment because every month out of work is another month of SNAP eligibility. This is one of the many examples where a program's employment contingencies have different economics from its income contingencies.    Legislation that cuts or credits taxes, so to speak, can nonetheless reduce the reward to working and increase the marginal tax rate if it cuts taxes more for those who work than it cuts taxes for those who work less.    At the same time the safety net programs implicitly tax job acceptance, they also implicitly subsidize layoffs because the programs absorb some of the income and production that employer and employee together lose when an employee stops working. Layoff subsidies give employers and employees less incentive to take the steps that might avoid or delay layoffs.    Let me be clear, America absolutely must have taxes and safety net programs even though they reduce the reward to working and even though they subsidize layoffs. But if you want to understand what is happening in the labor market or to the budgets of social programs, it is counterproductive to approximate marginal tax rates as zero or to assume that they are eternally constant regardless of what comes in new legislation.    The resources provided for people not employed or underemployed have increased in the past decade. SNAP program rules have changed in a variety of ways. Unemployment benefits are now paid in a variety of new circumstances. The Recovery Act and now the Affordable Care Act help unemployed people pay for their health insurance.    Figure 2 shows my estimates of 9 years marginal tax rates coming from tax and subsidy programs, taking into account that some of the poor and unemployed do not participate in all or sometimes none of the safety net programs. The combined effect of these and other changes through this year was to reduce the reward to work, that is, increase marginal tax rates for most of the nonelderly population.    The cumulative effect of all this legislation is to increase average marginal labor income tax rates by 7 percentage points over what they were in 2007. A presumably unintended consequence of the recent safety net expansions has been to reduce the reward to working and thereby keeping unemployment and poverty rates high, keeping national spending low, longer than they would have been if safety net program rules had remained unchanged.    Thank you.    Mr. MULLIGAN. Sure. Yeah. Our data is maybe a year or two out of date. I looked at SNAP before and during the recession through about 2011, and I saw that State by State, the rules had changed. And probably the biggest thing that had happened is the asset tests were eliminated, which eliminated some of the barriers bringing people into the program. So now it is easier to get into the program than it used to be. And so naturally, you have more people on the program. That is natural. The other economic side of it is you have to disincentive. Especially for unmarried people, it is a kind of new unemployment assistance program that can go far beyond 99 weeks.    Mr. MULLIGAN. I will also speak for something that hasn't been represented, and that is the marketplace, the employers, they are teaching people things. It is not just government programs that teach people things, not even just schools, even though I come from one.    And things like the minimum wage go exactly in the wrong direction. What the minimum wage says is you have to--a job is a mix of things you learn and cash to take home, and the minimum wage says: Look, you have to put it all into cash and very little into learning. And that is only going to make these kind of traps worse.    Human capital is many most important asset in America and in the world, and policies like these discourage the accumulation of human capital and keep people's incomes low.