    Mr. Harper. Thank you, Chairman Miller.    And thank you, Chief Dine, for being here today and offering testimony to the committee.    There have been media reports on the rarity of Capitol Police Chief appearing before the committee that is, in fact, charged with oversight of the force. I don't think that it should be unusual and hope that this may be the start of a new tradition of frequent appearances by you and your successors.    I appreciate your service as well as that of each and every one of the officers under your command. And I don't consider it my job to criticize you or others in your command structure just when things go wrong. I think this committee can and should be as much a part of your support network as the Capitol Police are a supporting agency of the U.S. Congress.    However, that requires open and honest communication between us. And while I recognize the often sensitive nature of your work in terms of security, I also recognize that we are both public servants and have responsibility to submit ourselves to public scrutiny from time to time. Again, I appreciate your appearance today, and I look forward to hearing your testimony.    And I yield back.    The Chairman. Thank the gentleman.    Other members?    Mr. Vargas.    Mr. Harper. Thank you, Madam Chair.    Chief Dine, you said there were two notifications that went into Capitol Police prior to the landing of the gyrocopter. One went into the command center and the other went to the Public Information Officers. Is that correct?    Mr. Harper. So the times of each of those, again, in advance of the landing?    Mr. Harper. Then the landing was at 1:23, as I understand, right?    Mr. Harper. So were you notified yourself personally before it landed based upon either of those contacts?    Mr. Harper. Okay. Were there any weapons in place on behalf of the Capitol Police to protect the Capitol that could have shot down the gyrocopter?    Mr. Harper. And Chief, you know, my concern is that most criminals don't telegraph the date and time of a criminal activity that they are going to engage in. This gentleman came as close to doing that as you can. And I understand he was not charged with any criminal offense. Is that correct?    Mr. Harper. Was he? Okay.    Mr. Harper. Great.    Mr. Harper. And I understand you can't review every social media post or tweet or Facebook account that might be out there, but on a regular basis, is that being done just to try to monitor that to see if anything shows up? I am sure that is part of what you are doing.    Mr. Harper. And I understand multiple agencies are obviously involved in this process. There is sharing between those agencies. And many of these things you don't have any advance warning as potential. And while we are reviewing this, looking at ways that we could improve the reaction time is our concern is what happens the next time if there is a next time. We worry about someone else duplicating this, you know, a drone threat. Obviously, we have had some concerns of that in the area.    So how we address this is a great concern. We look forward to engaging more with you on what we can do, what you are doing, how we can assist you. And we are, first of all, very appreciative of the job that the men and women do to protect the Capitol complex, and we thank you.    Mr. Harper. Thank you.    And I yield back, Madam Chair.    The Chairman. Thank the gentleman.    The chair recognizes Ms. Lofgren.