    Mr. Mica. Thank you. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and the Ranking Member for holding this meeting. I think it's an insult to the Committee that TSA would not send the acting administrator to this panel with due notice. This is a very important oversight hearing. We spend about $7 billion a year now on TSA's activities. And if anyone takes time to read this report--we're going to hear from John Roth in a few minutes, the inspector general who produced this report--but every Member of Congress and people throughout the country should read this report.    This report is an indictment of the failure of TSA, not just in one area, but in almost every one of their functions. It's supposed to be a multi-tiered transportation security system they set up; and in every aspect--just glance through the report--everything from passenger baggage screening and passenger screening, one indictment after another on systems to provide access for people who don't pose a risk, and we all support TSA PreCheck. They, in fact--and it's designed to expedite passengers who don't pose a risk. In fact, we find instances in which they failed to connect the dots and found a passenger who was a convicted terrorist, Sara Jane Olson--this is a press report--who went through TSA. Their system failed to find these people.    The most important thing we're trying to do is find people who pose a risk. The TSA agent who saw her go through actually identified her because she was such a well-known terrorist from her picture. And then what is even more astounding is he went to a superior, and he actually authorized the expediting of a terrorist through this system. This is an outrageous history.    And I have to say, the chairman is not Jason-come-lately. If you read further in the report, they talk about equipment purchases and the failure of buying. You have to have the best technology when someone comes through, not just an expedited system, but to see what they have that poses a risk, whether it's arms or now explosives and other devices that might harm us.    Back in 2009 the chairman introduced legislation to restrict the purchase of some equipment that actually didn't do the job, and this is a press account back then, and he was thwarted. They ended up buying equipment--read the report, an indictment of buying billions of dollars worth of equipment that failed. They bought puffers that failed. They bought this Rapiscan equipment. And it's interesting, the history of it is also interesting that Linda Daschle represented one company--people might be familiar with that name L-3, and then Rapiscan which the chairman had raised some questions about privacy issues and not using it.    They went ahead and spent--they split the contract, a half a billion dollar contract between the two competing lobbyists. A half a billion for the equipment is one thing. Then it cost another quarter of a billion per set of equipment to install this stuff. But this is an indictment of even the remaining equipment. The Rapiscan the chairman had raised questions about had to be taken out, had to be taken out. But then on top of that, this report says the equipment they have, they can't maintain. They don't know whether it works or not, and they don't have people properly trained to run the equipment.    This is a very sad day, and I can see why TSA did not want to show up today. They have 61,000 employees. They have 15,000 administrators because we have a cap of 46,000 screeners. And this whole report outlines in each area, training,recruitment, acquisition of equipment, how they've failed. I see why that seat is empty today and TSA would not show their face to this Committee today. I yield back.    Mr. Mica . Thank you, Mr. Ron, and all of the witnesses.    Mr. Mica. We're going to move now to a round of questioning, and I'll start. First of all, what you just said was interesting. You said TSA tries to do everything, and there are very few models of this. I think only Romania, Bulgaria, and some Third World countries have that structure.    And there should be some separation. The government should be in charge of security information, for example, getting the intelligence and preparing the list so even if you prepare a list, and you testified--well, first I'll let you respond. Am I correct in what I stated about the structure being flawed?    Mr. Mica. So that's something again the Committee--we never set it up to have TSA continue to operate this huge screening force. Never in our wildest imagination would we imagine 46,000 screeners and 15,000 administrators. Stop and think about that. And, again, the report that has been released today, again you see why Carraway wouldn't show up. Just go over it. This isn't my findings.    Are you fairly independent, Mr. Roth? You're the inspector general?    Mr. Mica. Have you looked at this, and it's the whole truth and nothing but the truth? First thing, we conducted a series of covert penetration tests. I also asked the staff, many of the members are new. You have not participated in a closed briefing, you need to get a closed briefing and hear about the rate of failures. You will be appalled.    It's appalling, the failure rate--you don't have to give any specifics that are classified, but it's an appalling failure rate. Right, Mr. Roth?    Mr. Mica. We have identified vulnerabilities caused by human and technology failures. We will set that up, in the Committee and Members of Congress. If audited TSA's acquisitions, point No. 2, the acquisition history is a complete fiasco. I cited the competing lobbyists and buying equipment that didn't work, people weren't trained for. And now the report back, OK, here's the GAO technology report, Ms. Grover, and you said in fact, you cited that some of the technology oversight in this report of March last year does not enforce compliance with operational directives. That's still the case, that TSA does not--in fact, I think from March 2011 through February 2013, about half the airports with AIT systems did not report any IED checkpoint results. Is this correct?    Mr. Mica. And not much improvement according to what you found, Mr. Roth, on operation, training and auditing. Is that correct?    Mr. Mica. OK. The third point. These aren't my points. This is what he found. We have examined the performance of TSA's work force which is largely a function of who is hired and how they are hired and trained and managed. Still problems with recruiting. Right, Mr. Roth? Still problems with training, Mr. Roth?    Mr. Mica. Still problems with managing. Right?    Mr. Mica. And their responsibility in conducting audit and oversight within the system. Right?    Mr. Mica. Audits have been repeatedly found of human error. And often a simple failure to follow protocol poses significant vulnerabilities. Is that your Statement, sir?    Mr. Mica. OK. Let's go to the last one here. We have looked at how TSA plans to buy, deploy and maintain its equipment. Well, I read the history, people don't realize that the threat is very serious and ongoing and that the bad guys are one step ahead of us. Just look at the history. The shoe bomber, TSA never detected it. Right?    Mr. Mica. The diaper bomber, never detected it. Right?    Mr. Mica. The New York Times Square bomber, he bought his ticket on the phone, went to JFK and went through all the screening systems and was not stopped until he got on the plane and it wasn't TSA. Right?    Mr. Mica. OK. That's my understanding. But these are failures of this very expensive, $7 billion, 61,000 people, system. This is an indictment, and it's very concerning. The equipment failure is also very concerning because that's sort of your last line of defense. We have advanced imaging technology, and yet people are not trained to operate it or detect threats. Is that right, Mr. Roth? Is that what you found?    Mr. Mica. And the last thing is, these guys are smart. When the members and staff get the next briefing, the thing that concerns me is right now all these systems are pretty much metal or nitrate based. Is that pretty much an assumption, that they detect metal or nitrates for explosives?    Mr. Mica. OK. Well, I can tell you that that is what they are. We tried to put in place a behavior detection system, which was a total failure. Other Committees have looked at how we did it. It's wrong. Israel does it, but Israel can profile. We can't profile. Israel can do other things that we can't do, and behavior detection as far as you're concerned and in one of these reports is a failure, too. That's looking at people, detecting behavior.    Mr. Mica. And then finally, some of the safeguards aren't in place for the passengers' PreCheck system and making sure that we eliminate people who pose a risk. That's still the case? Yes or no?    Mr. Mica. That's still the case, Ms. Grover?    Mr. Mica. And what's most astounding is this particular individual I cited before, the woman, was so notorious that the TSA officer identified her by other pictures he'd seen of the terrorist, went to a supervisor, and she got not only a free pass, but expedited through TSA. That's a failure, is it not, Mr. Roth?    Mr. Mica. Ms. Grover?    Mr. Mica. But her data never came up because she was----    Mr. Mica. Exactly. Exactly. So that's where we need to get this information, people who pose the risk we can identify, go after them or stop them.    Finally, the badge issue, the badge issue. Was it a couple of years that the TSA approved the badges at Atlanta where they gave badges out and didn't do the proper background checks. Is that right, Mr. Roth?    Mr. Mica. And of the items that was cited by Mr. Ron, one of the issues is people inside the system who pose a risk; the perimeter also he mentioned, which poses a risk that we don't have systems in place for; and then the outdated structure that we have where TSA tries to do everything and does nothing very well, which is well-documented by your report.    Thank you, Mr. Roth. And I yield now to Ms. Maloney, the gentlelady from New York.    Mr. Mica. Thank you. Mr. Walberg.    Mr. Mica. Mr. Lynch, you're recognized.    Mr. Mica. I honestly don't know. I discussed that with the staff before----    Mr. Mica. Same here. Oh, you yielded.    Mr. Mica. I would agree with Mr. Lynch, if you would, you asked me in the beginning. We talked about it with the chairman, and I would be supportive of a subpoena if necessary.    Mr. Mica. Mr. Grothman.    Mr. Mica. Those are pretty close. But we've built a huge bureaucracy, never intended it to be that way, and we've got to get it under control, better managed, whether it's training, acquisition of equipment, performance, the passenger facilitation systems that don't work, a lot of deficits.    And then Mr. Ron mentioned the issues of perimeter security, I just visited an airport this past week in Knoxville, and looking at their vulnerabilities, but you can take any airport and just, whether it is LaGuardia where you can get a little rubber raft and end up on the runway, or any major airport in the country is easily penetrable by their perimeters, some of the issues you raised, Mr. Ron.    Let me conclude--I yield back your time. You have the----    Mr. Mica. You have the time.    Mr. Mica. Well, I might point out just for the record that--and I pointed it out at the beginning, I don't know if you were here, sir, but the acquisition of that equipment was very controversial, and Mr. Chaffetz objected to them buying some of the equipment that was--what he felt violated people's rights. They went ahead and split the contract, as I mentioned, between Mr. Chertoff's client, which was Rapiscan, and then between L3, which was Nastachel, a half billion dollars worth of contracts split evenly. They ended up the Rapiscan could not be changed so that it wouldn't violate people's privacy and those--that equipment after being installed was pulled out.    So we've been through that three-ring circus, now that this report focuses on the deployment of some of that equipment, for example the advanced imaging detection which is millimeter wave, where you put your hands up. And we have problems with maintaining the equipment, operating the equipment, auditing the performance of the equipment all outlined by these witnesses.    Mr. DeSaulnier, the gentleman from California is recognized.    Mr. Mica. I thank the gentleman. Mr. Hice is recognized.    Mr. Mica. Thank the gentleman.    Mr. Clay.    Mr. Mica. You have 9 seconds, if I could have them.    Mr. Mica. Just a couple of points. You testified that the employees--well, first of all, they are not checking the backgrounds before they are employed, that's part of your finding--and the worst instance was Atlanta. Then they are not checking afterwards. In other words, there is not a check if they appear on some criminal list or watch list afterwards that's correct on employees.    And then I wanted to know about PreCheck. Is there any going back and checking people after they've been cleared for PreCheck? I know in Israel they control whoever gets sorted to PreCheck, and then they are always reexamining those individuals and the information is brought in, and they can stop the pass or access from the information that is concurrently and continuously being examined. Tell us about PreCheck and employees.    Mr. Mica. Do you know?    Mr. Mica. OK. Thank you. Mr. Duncan.    Mr. Mica. I thank the gentleman. If FedEx can track a package and American Express can detect instantaneously from an incidence with your credit card, certainly we can get this right and have many more people to deal with. Let's yield to Ms. Kelly from Illinois.    Mr. Mica. Mr. Cummings. Thank you.    Mr. Mica. Thank you. Mr. Cummings. If you could--if you could patch that fence, then you could put five pounds of plastic explosives on a drone, and drive it into an airplane as it's taking off or use shoulder fired missile, come into the market, do the same thing. It all gets back to intelligence, finding these people before they can commit the act.    Mrs. Lawrence you're recognized,    Mr. Mica. I thank the gentlelady, and I guess there are no further members. I'll conclude the hearing, but it's not acceptable for TSA to respond to the chief investigative and oversight of Congress Committee with pages and pages of redacted information. Do you have trouble, Mr. Roth, getting information from them or----    Mr. Mica. You do not, but we do. And your report I think it is about as comprehensive as I have seen. It covers a whole host of areas. I think you did an excellent job. The problem is it just highlights that after years and years, we have created a very expensive, dysfunctional, transportation security system, and there are many potentials for risks that are not addressed.    The more I--on having helped create TSA in the beginning and create the system, the more I look at this the more I am convinced that you go back to intelligence, intelligence, intelligence. Get TSA out of the screening business. As you heard Mr. Ron say, we're the only country in the world that the--where the agency is the regulator, the auditor, the systems manager, and it doesn't do any of them well.    But if we could concentrate on connecting the dots so that we have the information in the data base that we can clear people we know who's traveling and poses a risk. If we can track people. Almost everyone most recently that--Boston bombers, other people, we failed to connect the dots. The dots were there. But we have concentrated a huge number of people in managing an unmanageable system that others can do to conduct a screening process through, then concentrate on getting the intelligence, the security information setting the protocols and altering them to meet the threat. Mr. Ron, isn't that what we should do?    Mr. Mica. I didn't want to take words out of your mouth.    Mr. Mica. Yes. And the Israelis have done a great job. They have a different system, been there many times. After 9/11 they helped us in many areas and have continued to lend their expertise. And I can tell you, and in this hearing, if it wasn't for Israeli intelligence and British intelligence we would have been taken down several times, because they don't have to deal with some of the laws and protections and barriers that we have, because we have a different society and different laws.    But this is a very serious situation. This is an indictment of TSA's values and we need to change this. I've never said to do away with TSA, we need to change their role so that they are in charge of again security, intelligence, connecting the dots, and then auditing the system and getting out of this craziness that is using all of our manpower and money for a system that shakes down little old ladies, veterans, and people who pose no risk. And Mr. Roth agrees with that Statement, don't you, Mr. Roth?    Mr. Mica. OK. Ms. Grover is a little bit hesitant but she might agree.    Mr. Mica. Need to be addressed.    Mr. Mica. So with those Statements what I am going to do is ask unanimous consent that the record be left open for a period of 10 business days. You may get additional questions, and I think there will be some coming to TSA, maybe wrapped in a subpoena for Mr. Carraway, but in any event the record will be left open. Without objection, so ordered.    Mr. Mica. There being no further business before this full Committee hearing of Government Oversight and Reform Committee and the Subcommittee on Transportation and Public Assets, this hearing is adjourned. Thank you.