    Dr. Fleming. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Weiss, does this legislation contain mandatory debt restructuring ability for the control board?    Dr. Fleming. So the answer is yes.    Dr. Fleming. OK. So what this does is create a control board, which then goes to the creditors and asks them to come up with or to go along with some sort of voluntary negotiated prioritization of the creditors. If they disagree, then you go to the next step, the step you are referring to, which some call a cramdown, where then they will be forced to restructure. Am I correct on that?    Dr. Fleming. So the answer is yes, it does have the power to force restructuring.    So does that mean that it is possible for holders of full faith and credit debt to be put at a lower priority for repayment than unions or pensions?    Dr. Fleming. But that can happen. Is that correct?    Dr. Fleming. But don't dodge the question. Can that happen?    Dr. Fleming. But it can happen, correct?    Dr. Fleming. Let me ask you this. They say that this is not bankruptcy or reorganization bankruptcy, but it looks like reorganization bankruptcy, so how is this, other than just the technical features of it, overall, how is it different than a bankruptcy?    Dr. Fleming. Let me hear from you.    Dr. Fleming. But, in a sense, that bankruptcy could force, cramdown, if you will, require a certain priority of creditors, isn't that also true of this bill as well?    Dr. Fleming. In other words, if they do not agree, this control board can force them to reprioritize, correct?    Dr. Fleming. If the board did not agree with them, then they would be forced.    Dr. Fleming. Again, that looks a lot like bankruptcy restructuring, so I would just have to say--now, it is also said that this is not a bailout.    But we understand, now, how did we get here to begin with? It is the progressive socialist policies, economic policies that got Puerto Rico at this point, the same kind of policies that got Greece where it is today. Greece has gone through two restructurings with bailouts, as I recall, and they are going to have to go through another one.    From my perspective, I look at this, and I am told: this is no bailout. Well, technically, that is true, but there are still going to be cash-flow problems. How are we going to solve the cash-flow problems?    Dr. Fleming. Exactly, that is my point. It is the first step, and what is the next step? What is the other shoe to drop?    Dr. Fleming. There will have to be a cash bailout. That is the only way that is going to be solved under this bill.    Dr. Fleming. I would suggest to you that this is a framework of a bankruptcy, whatever you want to call it, and it will ultimately require a bailout.    I yield back.