    Mr. Duncan. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Admiral Neffenger, can you tell me how many TSA employees make $100,000 or more a year?    Mr. Duncan. Can you make a rough guess?    Mr. Duncan. All right. Well, let me ask you this. Do you know how many TSA employees got bonuses in the past year?    Mr. Duncan. Can you tell me, have you personally fired any TSA employees for misconduct or rudeness or incompetence since you have been in office?    Mr. Duncan. And you heard Mr. Mica say that you are spending almost as much on administration as on actual screening. What is your response to that? Do you think that is--is that accurate?    Mr. Duncan. Were you surprised when the inspector general mentioned the 18,000 complaints and 104 criminal convictions?    Mr. Duncan. I have served on the Aviation Subcommittee ever since I have been in Congress. I chaired it for 6 years, and I can tell you that you have well over twice as many screeners now as when it was privatized, and yet there are more complaints and longer lines now than when it was privatized. Do you have any explanation of that?    Mr. Duncan. Well, not that many more percentagewise.    Mr. Duncan. There has been an increase but I can tell you there has not been a--there has been a big increase but not a 2-1/2 times increase over when it was privatized. I can assure you of that.    Mr. Duncan. Have you reviewed the testimony of the witnesses that we had in here a few days ago and particularly the testimony by the one administrator that you spent $12 million on a re-staffing of a floor that should have cost $3 million at the most?    Mr. Duncan. Now, I also heard that there were just about as many contractors as numbers of employees, and yet I have read and heard that many small businesses feel they are having trouble getting meetings set up or getting phone calls returned. Do you have or would you be willing to set up a small business ombudsman or a small business outreach office to help--so many departments and agencies when they become so big, just the big giants are well-connected enough to get meetings and get phone calls returned. And I am wondering if you are doing something about that.    Mr. Duncan. All right. Thank you very much.