    Mr. Barr. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And thanks to our witnesses.    To Mr. Cassara, thank you for your career in addressing trade-based money laundering. I know you have--in your testimony, you stated that trade-based money laundering and value transfer, including all its varied forms, is perhaps the largest and most pervasive money laundering methodology in the world.    My question to you is a pretty simple one. Compared to other forms of terror finance, how problematic is trade-based money laundering as a method for terrorists?    Mr. Barr. A common theme has kind of come up in all the testimony, at least that I can discern. When Mr. Mesko's testimony--I think he puts it probably most succinctly where he says that nobody has the whole picture. In other words, nobody is making full use of the range of data available to them in the public domain.    The key to detecting and preventing increasingly complex TBML schemes is data integration within the government, within the private sector, between the two, and for all stakeholders. Everybody needs to aggregate the information to connect the dots, so to speak.    And others have said something similar to that. So to that end, is the solution Mr. Cassara's invention, which is these TTUs? And what is the key to standing up more of them in other places around the world?    Mr. Barr. Dr. Passas?    Mr. Barr. Is part of the problem that we don't have TTUs involving trade transactions outside of the United States where the United States is not a party? How do we encourage countries where there is a trade transaction--a fraudulent trade transaction and the United States is not a party? I would think that would be because we have a more sophisticated and aggressive approach to this problem that a lot of these illicit transactions are occurring between parties where the United States is not in the middle.    Mr. Barr. Mr. Cassara, is there any way we can encourage more TTUs in other parts of the world?    Mr. Barr. Thank you.    I yield back.