    Mr. Bost. Yeah, I would like to continue down, if I could, with the question on 1994.    First off, let me tell you that, one, in my former life I was a union firefighter. Two, I always worked very hard when I worked in a state for AFSCME and those that were under that union. But I have a question, because since having this job, a certain case came up. Let me ask this, because I don't know. I am new at this.    Could you please tell me the doctors that are hired for the VA, do they also fall under your protection on the unions?    Mr. Bost. I wanted to confirm that before I ask the next question. When working on the problems that we have with our VA, I asked specifically for constituents to come forward. I have a situation where I couldn't believe it when the veteran said it, but I know him well. And he said that he would have liked to have found out about his hernia, but because of the religious beliefs of the doctor he saw, she was not able to examine him. They cannot fire her.    Now, I would like to hear, if we don't move forward with this, what do we do with those situations? Because I stand for my workers and employees, and I want them to have a way to make sure that they aren't improperly treated. But I want my veterans to be treated correctly. And I don't know, whenever I went to the VA, my local VA, and asked specifically, the administrator, he says, yeah, he knows about it. Well, no. No, there needs to be a way to let them go or make them ear, nose, and throat specialists, but good heavens.    So this is the type of things we are trying to do. And I want to protect the employee. I understand that. But do you have an answer on how the language can be put together, other than saying, ``Okay, we think this goes too far''? Because my final job, I feel like, is to protect our veterans.    Mr. Bost. And my question--of course, that is a specific issue--but I don't know if it was a change of religion, because somehow you had to get through medical school. And I don't know at what point do we give the power to the administrators to administrate and how we would do that. So, I mean, it is something I am going to watch very, very closely. There are the cases out there, and we have got to make sure we are very wise with what we do.    I yield back.