    Secretary Wormuth. Thank you, Chairman Thornberry, and Ranking Member Smith and distinguished members of the committee. I very much appreciate the opportunity to be with you all today to talk about the security situation in Europe and our relationship with allies and partners in the region.    As both of you have noted, in the last 18 months the security situation in Europe has changed quite significantly. But despite these challenges, Europe is a cornerstone of our engagement with the rest of the world and a catalyst for our global cooperation.    Time and again, Europe and NATO have proven to be our indispensable strategic partners. We believe that will continue to be true and, for these reasons, U.S. engagement in Europe is and will remain a vital element of our national security strategy.    It has been almost a year since Russia's occupation and attempted annexation of Crimea. Since that time, we have seen Russia funding and arming separatists in Eastern Ukraine. We have seen direct Russian participation in the fighting. These actions, coupled with Russia's continued support of frozen conflicts elsewhere, and violations of its obligations under numerous treaties, are undermining European stability.    Russia's actions to undermine the sovereignty of a neighboring country and to attempt to change borders and to change the international order even, but certainly to change borders by force, are unacceptable.    Russia's aggression against Ukraine challenges our vision of a Europe whole and free, which is what we have been working so hard on since the end of the Cold War. It changes Europe's security landscape, it is causing instability, obviously, on NATO's borders, and we are steadfast as a nation in opposing Russia's destabilizing actions.    To do that, we have been working closely with Europe and other partners and allies; first and foremost, to impose real costs on Russia for its aggressive actions. This has included diplomatic isolation and economic sanctions which, combined with falling oil prices, are having a substantial and mounting impact on Russia's economy.    We are also taking visible, concrete measures to reassure our allies and partners in Europe and to deter further Russian aggression. For example, since May 2014, NATO has been reassuring allies and deterring Russia by maintaining a continuous land, air, and maritime presence and increasing military activity particularly in the eastern part of the NATO Alliance. These measures are defensive, they are proportionate, and they are fully in line with our obligations as NATO members regarding allied defense.    We are also, as part of our strategy, providing substantial support to Ukraine as it is dealing with simultaneous economic and military crises. Since the start of the crisis, we have increased our security-related assistance to Ukraine significantly, to both its military, its national guard, and its border guard services. And, together, next year, in fiscal year 2015, DOD and the State Department will be providing $120 million to Ukraine as part of the European Reassurance Initiative.    But it is, I think, important to also remember that NATO and our European allies are also on the frontlines of the fight against ISIL . There the United States has been leading a coalition of over 60 nations across multiple lines of efforts ranging from military contributions to humanitarian assistance.    As part of the coalition military campaign, Europe has been stepping up to fill critical roles, particularly in denying ISIL safe haven in Iraq and Syria, and helping us build the capacity of partners to take the fight to ISIL, including by actively striking ISIL targets.    The threat we see of foreign fighters going into Iraq and Syria remains a significant concern for us and for our European allies. We are drawing on all forms of our intelligence to understand and address the flow of foreign fighters and we are working closely with our NATO allies and other partners to have an international effort to try to combat this complex problem.    In addition to the threat of ISIL, it is also, I think, important to note that there is significant instability in the Middle East and North Africa that also affects NATO's security, especially for those allies that are on the southern flank of the Alliance. The movement of thousands of migrants to the shores of southern Europe can bring instability and sometimes violence, particularly because of the transnational criminal networks that are involved in human trafficking.    Finally, as we look beyond Europe, it is also useful to reflect on the true strategic partners we have in our European NATO allies for a host of challenges that are well outside of NATO's boundaries. In particular, I just wanted to note how effectively we work together with NATO allies in Africa to be part of the international community's response to the Ebola crisis.    Under Operation United Assistance, the Department has supported the USAID -led effort to break the back of the Ebola outbreak, with the United States focusing primarily in Liberia. This mission isn't complete and many lives have been lost but I think we can be proud as part of the international community with the strong roles that we have played and that European allies have played to successfully mobilize all of our capabilities to address the emergency.    Also, in Afghanistan, NATO allies remain our steadfast partners in the effort to try to help bring civility and security to that country. The Resolute Support Mission, which we launched at the beginning of this year, focuses the efforts of our NATO allies and other partners on training, advising, and assisting the Afghan security institutions at both the ministerial and institutional level. Twenty-six of our allies and 16 partners are providing forces to the Resolute Support Mission, and our allies there have also committed to providing sustainment funding to the Afghan National Security Forces through 2024, which is going to be critical to locking in the gains that we are making there.    Finally, to do all of this together with our NATO allies and to be able to work effectively, it is essential to have a robust force posture in Europe. Our U.S. footprint in Europe gives us the capability to defend our security interests, to enhance trans-Atlantic security, to reassure allies and deter aggression which, again, we certainly see in a very marked way in recent times.    In a time of limited resources, however, the United States has to be more innovative and explore new posture arrangements by increasing our flexibility, our adaptability, and our readiness.    If sequestration returns, and this is something I am very personally concerned about--our ability to sustain our posture in Europe is going to be at significant risk. If sequestration returns, our ability to continue to invest in the capabilities we need and to maintain the readiness levels we need to be able to effectively respond to crises is going to be at significant risk.    This is a very serious concern. I know it is one that many of you share and we look forward to working with this committee and with Congress more broadly to try to find solutions to these budgetary pressures so that we can maintain the U.S. military as the world's finest military force.    Thank you very much for your time today, and I look forward to questions.    The Chairman. Thank you.    General.    General Breedlove. Chairman Thornberry, Ranking Member Smith, distinguished members of the committee, thank you for the opportunity to testify today.    It is an honor to appear before you representing the dedicated soldiers, sailors, airmen, and marines and our civilians of U.S. European Command . Thank you for all you do to support them as they serve our Nation.    I am particularly happy to be here today with Under Secretary of Defense for Policy Christine Wormuth.    Compared to just one year ago, Europe faces a very different and much more challenging security environment. Our top concern is a resurgent Russia. A Russia attempting to exercise power and influence through the use of force and intimidation. Russia is blatantly challenging the rules and principles that have been the bedrock of European security for decades. The challenge is global, not regional, and enduring, not temporary.    Russian aggression is clearly visible in its illegal occupation of Crimea and in the continued armed conflict in the Donbass, or Eastern Ukraine.    The best way to bring the conflict in Ukraine to an acceptable lasting solution is through a political settlement, one that respects state sovereignty and territorial integrity. But what we have seen recently and, frankly, over the course of the whole conflict, gives us cause for concern.    Russian forces have supplied separatists with heavy weapons, training and mentoring, command and control, artillery fire support, tactical and operational-level air defenses; more than 1,000 pieces of Russian military equipment have been transferred into Ukraine, including tanks, armored personnel carriers, heavy artillery pieces, and other military vehicles and equipment.    And in a number of cases, when the separate offensive or operations were stalled or were threatened, Russian regular forces themselves intervened to right the course. Just this month, Russian forces fought hard to change the facts on the ground just before the cease fire was scheduled to take effect.    These are not the actions of a good faith negotiating partner. Actions matter much more than words, and what we see in the fight on the ground and in the diplomatic efforts designed to resolve it, is a revanchist Russia that does not play by international rules or norms.    The crisis in Ukraine affects more than just Ukraine. Russian activities are destabilizing to neighboring states and to the region as a whole. Russian illegal actions push instability closer to the boundaries of NATO. As President Obama has clearly stated, the United States will uphold its Article 5 commitments under the Washington Treaty.    In turn, Russia is learning lessons from our responses to their actions. If they feel rewarded by the outcomes, this might embolden them to try them again elsewhere. And the rest of the world, states and non-state actors alike, are also keeping eyes on how these events unfold.    For the longer term, it makes sense to aim for a new Russia-U.S. relationship and a new NATO-Russia relationship that are based on mutual respect and shared interest. A Europe whole, free, at peace, and prosperous, is a vision that would benefit everyone. And it would offer the best possible long-term protection of U.S. national security interests.    At the time same, Europe also faces a surge of violent extremism. The executions and other brutal actions that ISIL has carried out show their total disregard for human life. European nations are rightly worried about foreign fighters returning home to Europe from the fight in Syria and Iraq with new skills and with malign intent. Attacks like those in France, Belgium, and Denmark are only likely to become more frequent.    Foreign fighters are part of a much broader pattern of insecurity in Europe's south, with its roots in the Middle East and North Africa, with flows of migrants and criminal transit routes. The spread of instability into Europe and the reach of transnational terrorism could have a direct bearing on the national security and the U.S. homeland. These challenges are transnational. To solve them, nations need to work together and our civilian and military institutions are and need to continue to cooperate.    EUCOM is working with European nations bilaterally and supporting NATO Alliance initiatives to meet and counter this new and more complex security environment.    Based on the decisions made at NATO's Wales Summit last year, the Alliance is adapting in order to improve its readiness and responsiveness. The Readiness Action Plan, or RAP, is well underway. Our allies are stepping up, making contributions and investments that give them a real stake in the outcome.    The United States will have a key and sustained role to play supporting and enabling these changes, especially in critical areas that are the hardest for our allies to provide like lift, sustainment, and enablers such as ISR . At the same time, our own U.S. efforts in Europe remain utterly essential, more important now than at any time in recent history. With Russian troops illegally occupying Crimea, soldiers from the 173rd Airborne Brigade in Europe deployed to the Baltic States in Poland with only 96 hours' notice to reassure our allies and our Air Force began flying missions out of Poland within 18 hours of notice.    The reason that we could respond so quickly is that we were there forward and ready. There is simply no substitute for our forward force presence in Europe. It is the bedrock of our ability to assure our allies, to deter real and potential adversaries, and to act in a timely way should deterrence fail.    That forward force presence ensures that EUCOM can play a full array of essential supporting roles for other combatant commands from neighboring AFRICOM and CENTCOM to STRATCOM and TRANSCOM . And it supports all the other critical facets of EUCOM's mission, including, very importantly, fulfilling our commitment to the defense of Israel.    Rotating presence is no substitute for permanent forward presence in the building of relationships or signaling of our commitment. But genuine and fully funded rotational presence can play a very important role in helping to meet requirements in our theatre if it is heel-to-toe and fully resourced.    The budgetary challenges and resourcing tradeoffs that we face now, based on the Budget Control Act, have already forced EUCOM to assume risk. Our timelines are longer, our preparations are less robust, and our fundability to deter and defeat in a timely and effective manner is less sure than it could be. The security challenges in and around Europe are only growing sharper and more complicated at the same time.    Your support of EUCOM's mission and your efforts to chart a longer-term path toward properly resourcing defense are critical steps to ensuring the ability of EUCOM to protect and defend its nation and do its mission.    Thank you for your time and your attention, and I look forward to your questions.    The Chairman. Thank you. Thank you both for your testimony.    General Breedlove, you heard me mention at the beginning that I support Mr. Smith's legislation that would require defensive lethal assistance be provided to the Ukrainians. Have you provided options to the administration for various kinds of weapons and equipment that could be provided to the Ukrainians that would make a significant difference in their ability to defend themselves and, part b, is if a decision were made, how long would it take to get it to them?    General Breedlove. Chairman, thank you for the question. And these are important things, especially the second part as it relates to how this would play out.    So what we have seen across the last year in discussing these issues with Ukraine is a very consistent picture of the things that they tell us they need to move forward in their struggle.    Additionally, the U.S. European Command has had a series of broad and deep conversations across all of the aspects of military business with the Ukrainian military and their defense ministry. And what we have observed about Ukraine is very consistent with what Ukraine was telling us about Ukraine.    And so, Chairman, I have advised to my chain of command those things that we have learned in these discussions and talked about, categories of things that the Ukrainians would need.    All of these options have timelines. Some timelines are short and some are longer. It is pretty straightforward. Small arms and some of the other things that you might consider are a very short timeline. Longer, more sophisticated capabilities take training, they take delivery, et cetera, so there is a mixed bag, I think is the best way to answer your question, of not only delivery, but training required to bring things to fruition.    The Chairman. And I appreciate the point about training. Obviously, that takes some time. I am also--remember that in this room just a couple weeks ago we had the King of Jordan who said that he is incredibly frustrated when equipment and weapons he has requested have been approved but our own bureaucracy still takes so long to actually get the things delivered. And so my offer to you is that I hope a decision is made one way or another soon. If there is something that we can do to speed delivery once that decision is made, whether we force it or the President decides on his own, then we want to do that.    Ms. Wormuth, let me just ask you briefly. This administration probably before your time made a big deal about a reset of Russia--of relations with Russia. Even the policy folks in the administration admit that didn't really work out very well, right?    Secretary Wormuth. Chairman, what I would say is the reset policy did bear some fruit. For example, we were able to successfully negotiate with the Russians at that time the New START treaty which was very much in our interest as well as being very much in Russia's interests, and they are continuing to comply with that treaty.    We also were able to cooperate with them to maintain the Northern Distribution Network which we very much needed to achieve our objectives in Afghanistan. But I would certainly say that at this time, we are much more in a posture of needing to reassert the importance of deterrence and our Article 5 obligations with NATO vis-a-vis Russia.    The Chairman. Well, I appreciate it. I think, as you know, we will have continuing conversations about whether Russia is meeting its arms control obligations across the board, and I think there is considerable doubt about that. But that is for another time.    Ms. Sanchez.    Secretary Wormuth. Congresswoman, on the issue of ISIL recruiting and their very effective use of social media, it is certainly--ISIL has been remarkable in its effective use of social media and we are working very hard, as a whole-of-government effort, to try to be more agile in countering that.    And it really is--first and foremost, the center of gravity on that really needs to come from within the region and come from figures that have credibility with the Muslim community. And so, in many cases, the Department of Defense is playing more of a supporting role in trying to counter those recruiting efforts.    But what we are trying to do--I mean, a lot of what makes ISIL effective with its recruiting, unfortunately, is its very barbaric ideology and the fact that they have been, up until recently, able to demonstrate progress on the battlefield and they have sort of used that momentum to make themselves attractive to potential recruits.    To try to counter that in the Department, we are working already, but want to do a better job of being able to show the successes that the coalition and the Iraqi forces are having on the ground, again, to try to counter ISIL's message that they have the momentum. And the fact that the Kurdish forces in Kobane, for example, were able to defeat ISIL.    You know, we were able to make very good use of that, for example, and again, in some of the recent operations in northern Iraq, where we have seen the Peshmerga, in particular, make progress, we want to try to leverage that, from the military perspective, to try to blunt the effectiveness of ISIL's use of social media for recruiting.    Secretary Wormuth. Congressman, let me to try to address some of the points you raised in sequence.    First, just to clarify, because I certainly don't want to have misled the committee; our NATO allies and other partners in Afghanistan have committed to financially continue to help sustain the Afghan National Security Forces through 2024.    As I think you all are very aware, President Obama has made clear that our military forces will be drawn down to a Kabul-centric footprint by the end of 2016. So I don't want to imply that we are contemplating keeping our military there through 2024. That is just an issue of providing funding to try to help the Afghans pay for the security forces they need.    We are very much in contact with, for example, John Sopko, the Special Investigator for Afghanistan. General Campbell and he work very closely together. We take the concerns that he raises and look into them very deeply and where there is clearly, for example, waste or fraud or abuse, we do everything we can to try to address that.    I think your point about how we pay for the military we need is well-taken and I think you will hear, when Secretary Carter comes up here I think in the near future, to talk about the overall budget request for fiscal year 2016, he is going to be emphasizing that, just as we come to come to Congress and ask you all to support our Defense budget request, we have a responsibility to do everything we can to reform how the Department of Defense operates so that we are making the best use of those Defense dollars.    And we have been trying to do that, for example, with some of the proposals we have made to try to adjust our compensation, for example, or requesting authority for base closure. But Secretary Carter and his team; we are very aware that reforming how we do business is a key part of making sure that we are able to spend the resources that we have in an effective way.    The Chairman. Time of the gentleman is expired.    Mr. Courtney.    Secretary Wormuth. Congressman, I think at the time, we made decisions about what kind of support to provide and what kind of intelligence to share, based on the situation on the ground at the time.    We are--for several months, certainly, have been providing considerable intelligence to Ukraine.    Secretary Wormuth. We were giving them information we thought would be useful to them and would help them respond----    Secretary Wormuth. To my knowledge, Congressman, we were providing intelligence.    Secretary Wormuth. Yes.    Secretary Wormuth. Congressman, the European Phased Adaptive Approach that we have for missile defense in Europe is a very strong approach to deal with the missile defense threats that we face, which are primarily from North Korea, with their nuclear program, and to posture us to be able to prevent or defend against a potential future Iranian threat.    We have made the investments needed to support that program----    Secretary Wormuth. Certainly.    Secretary Wormuth. Congressman, I think we have probably two primary areas of concern, in terms of where might Russia go next.    First is they might go to countries who are not part of NATO; for example, Montenegro, some of the smaller countries, and try to, again, create some instability to try to use some of the information operations; techniques that we have seen them use very effectively in Ukraine.    And we are working through the European Reassurance Initiative, for example, to provide support to countries like that, to be able to help them to resist those kinds of activities.    Similarly, we also have concerns about the potential for Russia to try to destabilize actual NATO member countries, particularly, I think, the Baltics or--because, again, those countries have sizable ethnic Russian populations.    So, again, we have been very, very clear and I think Putin understands that we are completely committed to upholding our Article 5 obligations and that to cross that line would be an extremely substantial step.    But we are working in a variety of ways to try to help countries, whether inside of NATO or whether partner countries, be able to resist that kind of destabilizing activity.    Secretary Wormuth. From what I have seen, we don't have--there are not significant active steps. I have not seen anything, for example, in intelligence that would indicate that, but I would ask General Breedlove to comment.    General Breedlove. Sir, I would just step back.    I know that your question was really next after Ukraine, but think we also need to think about next inside Ukraine, because I don't think any of us are sure that he has accomplished his objectives inside Ukraine next and so that would be my first next.    And then there might be some revisits. For instance, we start to see a more Western-leaning Moldovan government and Russian troops in Transnistria are there to keep Moldova from leaning to the West and so there may be some revisit in Moldova.    And I think what we should do is watch first where we see strong information campaigns picking up. And that is happening in Moldova and other places now.    Secretary Wormuth. Congressman, I think that is exactly right, in the sense that we are--a key part of our strategy vis-a-vis Russia right now is to impose costs on them, diplomatic costs, economic costs, and then also to provide support to Ukraine. We are--as you know, I mean the President said, I think just before the Munich Security Conference or just after, considering all options.    We don't want to take options off the table and there is discussion of providing defensive lethal assistance, in an effort to, again, raise costs on Russia; not, I think--not from the perspective at all of being able to fundamentally alter the military balance between Ukraine's military and Russia's military, but to try to give Ukraine more ability to defend itself against the separatist aggression.    The Minsk agreements have now been signed and we very much want to see those upheld. Obviously, experience to date gives us, I think, pause, and actions are going to speak much more loudly than words.    So, as we watch whether those agreements are going to be upheld in the coming days, if we see continued violation and continued aggressions--pardon?    Secretary Wormuth. We are very concerned and I think skeptical of whether this agreement will be upheld. And if it is not, we will again look at measures to impose additional costs. So I think we--that conversation is still ongoing and is very active.    Secretary Wormuth. Well, we made a different decision; that is correct.    Secretary Wormuth. The New START negotiations lowered the number of nuclear weapons in our arsenal; yes.    Secretary Wormuth. Congressman----    Secretary Wormuth. The New START treaty protects our interests.    Secretary Wormuth. We cut our nuclear weapons but not to a level to which we couldn't provide a very strong nuclear deterrent.    Secretary Wormuth. Correct.    Secretary Wormuth. Congressman, we raised Russia's violation of the INF treaty in 2013.    Secretary Wormuth. We had concerns that they were in violation. We know now that they were.    Secretary Wormuth. Yes, we know now that they were in violation.    Secretary Wormuth. Correct. We know that now.    Secretary Wormuth. Congressman, we had not determined that they were in violation.    Secretary Wormuth. I was not in a portfolio at that time to personally be aware but----    Secretary Wormuth. At that time, we had not determined that they were not compliant.    Secretary Wormuth. At that time, I was not involved in that particular issue, Congressman.    Secretary Wormuth. Congressman, I think we have been more focused on what is happening as opposed to what you call it. Russia has absolutely violated Ukraine's territorial integrity and has attempted to unlawfully annex Crimea.    Secretary Wormuth. Congressman, certainly, we don't know with certainty how Russia would respond. And I also would add that in addition to thinking about whether to provide defensive lethal assistance, we also--there are other measures we can take to try----    Secretary Wormuth. That is a great question, Congressman, and we--a couple things I would say there. First, at the Wales Summit, all of the allies agreed to a defense investment pledge to work towards providing 2 percent GDP as the standard. So that is an important step.    Secretary Wormuth. I don't know if we put a by when on it. But what I would say is----    Secretary Wormuth. I absolutely agree.    Secretary Wormuth. We think it may be 2020, Congressman, but let me check and get back to you on the specific details.    Couldn't agree with you more that it is essential that our European allies invest more in defense, and this has been a longstanding challenge that we have had, frankly, with our NATO allies. Many Secretaries have raised this.    I do think that with everything that is happening vis-a-vis Russia right now, but also the threats posed by ISIL, our European friends have a greater appreciation for what they are truly facing and some of them are revisiting in their own parliaments and governments how much they are investing.    Secretary Wormuth. Certainly.    Secretary Wormuth. Congresswoman, in terms--again, we don't know with certainty what Russia would do if we were to provide defensive lethal assistance. I think what needs to be weighed is, again, providing that those kinds of systems, for example, might well strengthen Ukraine's ability to defend itself, be more effective against Russian tanks, for example. But the potential concern that has to be weighed is does Russia then double-down and provide even more heavy equipment and just escalate the violence, cause more human suffering and continue to sort of prosecute its campaign.    So part of, I think, what we have to look at is whether there are other tools that might also impose costs on Russia and cause Russia to pause and reevaluate where it is going, and do the pros and cons of those other tools, for example, such as economic sanctions or other steps that could be taken in the financial domain, would they potentially be more effective and have fewer downsides. So I think those are some of the issues that we need to be weighing as we think it through.    Secretary Wormuth. Congressman, on the sanctions and their effectiveness, you know, the sanctions that we and the Europeans have put in place on Russia are having a very significant effect on their economy and that--and those effects are growing over time. But I think we would all agree that it hasn't changed what Russia has been doing on the ground.    Secretary Wormuth. I will try to do that. The value of the ruble, for example, has fallen substantially. They are--they have very large strategic financial reserves but they are having to draw those down to be able to provide fluidity in their economy. So the size of those financial reserves are shrinking substantially and will continue to do that.    And I think, you know, we will see that effect happen over time, and sort of have a cumulative effect. But again, I think, you know, we would agree that despite the significant economic costs that are starting to have effects on the Russian population and on the oligarchs. You know, we are hearing, for example, more dissatisfaction of the oligarchs who to date have been very supportive of Putin. They are concerned about the impact it is having on their businesses, on their own financial holdings.    But it has not changed so far what Russia has been doing on the ground. And that is the great concern we have, and that is where there is a need to again look at the overall package of cost-imposing strategies towards Russia, and also support to Ukraine, to see if we can change the calculus going forward.    Secretary Wormuth. No. I think that is a very good elucidation of what we are trying to do.    Secretary Wormuth. Certainly, Congressman. Thank you.    The New START treaty was in our interest. We were able to negotiate with the Russians and come to an agreement as to the size of both arsenals. We would not--I mean, fundamentally, the only reason to pursue negotiated arms control treaties is to do it if it is in the interests of the United States from our perspective, for example.    So, our view was very much that through New START, in addition to looking at the overall size of the strategic arsenal, it gave us a verification regime. It allowed us to go in and have transparency to the Russian arsenal; to have predictability in terms of understanding what they are doing with that part of their nuclear arsenal. And all of that adds to strategic stability.    So I think the administration's view is very much that the New START treaty was in our interest.    Secretary Wormuth. Well, again, in terms of the overall levels of our arsenal versus the Russian arsenal, there are, you know, we do not have exact strategic parity in terms of down to the very last number. But what we negotiated through New START was a level for both sides that provided for the, basically the fundamental soundness of our strategic deterrent.    So, you know, and it is fair to say that the tactical nuclear weapons that Russia had were outside of that agreement. But from a strategic nuclear force perspective, the levels that we have are ones that very much allow us to provide the kind of nuclear deterrent that we need to have.    Secretary Wormuth. Congressman, I don't think it is a greater concern necessarily. I mean, the--you know, it would be desirable certainly to convince Russia to be able to reduce its overall amount of tactical nuclear weapons. They have a very large number. But a country has to be willing to do that.    That disparity existed before the situation we have now. I don't think there is a need to be more concerned about it before. I mean, again, I think fundamentally we have to make sure that we have the full range of military capabilities to deter Russia effectively. And we do that through a combination of our conventional force posture and our nuclear force posture.    Secretary Wormuth. That is certainly true.    Secretary Wormuth. I think the nuclear deterrent we have today very much protects our national security interests. I don't----    Secretary Wormuth. Thank you, Congressman, for that question.    I think we are working very hard across a range of fronts to try to help Ukraine strengthen itself. And I think the DIME construct is a good way to try and talk about that. So, you know, for example, the State Department is engaging at all levels, from Secretary Kerry and President Poroshenko, down to the level of our ambassador. And we are very much, you know, working with them and talking with them about their political situation.    In terms of, you know, as I have said earlier, we have significantly increased our security assistance to the Ukrainian military. And as General Breedlove mentioned, we are providing training. We have something called the Joint Commission with Ukraine's military that we have used to talk with them about what their requirements are both in the near term, but also over the long term as they try to professionalize their military.    On the economic front, we are working to--through the IMF to try to secure additional economic assistance. Because obviously, Ukraine has a very difficult economic situation as well.    So I think across all fronts, we are doing a lot to try to help Ukraine strengthen itself and be better able to determine its own path as a sovereign country.    Secretary Wormuth. Congressman, I don't have significant concerns about the civil-military situation in Ukraine. I would certainly ask General Breedlove if he wants to elaborate on that. But I saw our ambassador to Ukraine when I was in Munich just a few weeks ago, and the report I had from him was that those relationships are pretty strong.    I was also struck in talking with him about his sense that when you drive throughout all different parts of Ukraine, if anything, the Russian aggression in most areas has strengthened Ukrainian nationalism and--which, you know, again, I think gives the lie to the whole idea that somehow this is an indigenous movement that is coming out of Ukraine and that there are individuals who feel that their, you know, rights are at risk.    I think--you know, he talked about how roads, farmland, fences were painted blue and yellow, again, as an expression of their strong nationalism.    General Breedlove. I will just jump on that a little bit, and that was a vignette I was going to use. Post-Crimea, prior to Donbass, this nationalism was very, very high. I think that you would find east of the Dnieper River that it is probably a little strained now because of what they have seen. I don't think we have targeted any geographic unity, but what we do know is that Mr. Putin is trying to drive a wedge in the government, and we are trying to help them to fight that.    Secretary Wormuth. I think, Congressman, the primary objective of military--of Russia's military modernization is to demonstrate its vision of itself, which is to be a global power on the world stage. And, you know, in the wake of the Cold War, Russia's military declined to a significant degree, and Putin has very methodically, as General Breedlove outlined, gone about rebuilding in many ways the conventional and nuclear sides of the Russian force. And I think Putin sees that strong military as an important tool in his ability to function in his own mind as a global power and to be able to protect what he sees as Russia's rightful sphere of influence.    Secretary Wormuth. Congressman, that is a great question. And I share your concern, I share concern as a taxpayer and as a parent. I have two daughters and was trying to explain to them last night what sequestration is. So it is a very good question to ask what do we need to do differently, or what more can we do, because this conversation about defense investment with our NATO allies has been a long-standing conversation.    And I--you know, I think what we can do is take steps like we did at the Wales summit where we got NATO allies to sign up to a defense investment pledge. The hard work, though, is going to be, going forward, making sure that they do live up to that. But what we can do and what we are doing is both raising it at the highest levels--this is something that when Secretary Hagel met with the German MOD a few months ago, he raised it with her. Secretary Carter will be raising this with his counterparts.    But we also can be having very serious conversations, I think, with the Europeans about the very real and serious security threats that they are facing and how to be able to have the capabilities they need to be able to be interoperable with us, they simply have to make those investments. And part of the defense investment pledge was to say that 20 percent of their defense budget should go to investment in major equipment systems----    Secretary Wormuth . And more R&D .    Secretary Wormuth. Oh, I can. Congresswoman, that is a great question. One of the major lines of effort in our counter-ISIL strategy is trying to address the foreign fighter network problem. There are I think at the last that I read as many as 20,000 foreign fighters flowing from more than 90 countries into Iraq and Syria. So it is an extremely significant challenge.    We are working with the countries in the European Union to try to help them--I mean, much as combating some of these unconventional tactics to try to help them strengthen their laws that govern their border security, that govern their travel regulations. We are working with them to try to help them strengthen their intelligence organization's ability to identify these networks and to identify where the facilitators are.    There is more work to be done but this is a major prong in our strategy. It has to be a truly international effort because if you only address it in a particular region or within the context of Europe, you know, the water----    Secretary Wormuth. Many of them are coming from European countries.    Secretary Wormuth. That is certainly true. We also see them coming from places like Indonesia----    Secretary Wormuth . And elsewhere in Asia.    Secretary Wormuth. Turkey has been steadily improving. There is more work to be done though. Turkey is one of the transit points that we are most concerned about. They are getting better. They have put more people on their watch list. But there is more work to be done with Turkey.    Secretary Wormuth. Thank you, Congressman. Let me try to answer your question there. I think if we return to sequestration levels of funding, it will have a profound impact--a profound negative impact, I would argue, on what we are trying to do in European Command and that in the Europe AOR, but also globally.    You know, at the current level of funding that the President has requested, we are able to execute our strategy at a manageable risk level, I would argue, but we are already now at the point where we don't really have a margin.    You know, I think you have heard General Breedlove say, for example, he is showing American presence through a rotational approach as opposed to permanent presence in some cases. And under sequestration, we would be forced to look at choices between the size of our Army, our Air Force. We would be, just as we did in 2013, we would be having to eliminate exercises with countries in Europe, for example, potentially Israel. We would be facing some very difficult choices.    And in terms of speaking to the risk in a little bit more concrete way, you know, the way I think about it is part of what we do is to try to prevent crises from arising and we do that through our forward presence. We do that through our engagement. Under sequestration, we will have a smaller military that will make it difficult for us to maintain that presence. We will have a military that will be less ready and less able to respond to crises. If we were to get in a major conflict, that conflict would extend far longer than we want it to be, it would be higher casualties, so there are very substantial, real-world implications to that kind of risk.    Secretary Wormuth. Congressman, I don't have the figures at my fingertips in terms of what level of cuts we made. As General Breedlove indicated, we are supporting Israel very robustly through programs like Iron Dome, David Sling, the Arrow program and----    Secretary Wormuth. Well, we are making very difficult choices, you know, over--since 2012, we have absorbed almost a trillion dollars in reductions to planned defense spending over a 10-year period and, in that context, we are having to make difficult choices already.    The Chairman. Mr. Rogers.    Secretary Wormuth. Congressman, that was an--excuse me. I don't want to be yelling at you. The fact that it wasn't mentioned in my written statement was not an indication that we are not deeply concerned about it. They are in violation. It is a problem. We have been raising this with them since 2013, making clear that their violation is unacceptable, and we are quite concerned about it as General Breedlove said. We want to continue to try to bring them back into compliance, but if they do not do that, we do not want them to have a military advantage over us and will look at what responses are appropriate to take.    Secretary Wormuth. Congresswoman, I would just again go back to the figure I cited before, where we, you know, we have absorbed just a very, very large set of reductions from what we planned just a few years ago. And as General Welsh has testified, the A-10 is a great platform and all other things being equal, we would like to keep that.    But in order to modernize the Air Force, which is in desperate need of recapitalization, we have had to make some tough choices. I think that is what you are seeing.    Secretary Wormuth. I was basically going to say the same thing, Congressman. You see we are also trying to do things like have conferences with the chiefs of defense from all of the different countries. We have John Allen, who is working to bring together all of the coalition countries. So while it is certainly true that the membership of the coalition crosses EUCOM's AOR, CENTCOM's AOR, AFRICOM's AOR, we have a number of mechanisms in place to make sure that we are working together and that we are seeing it holistically and comprehensively and not through a soda straw.    General Breedlove. A two-second pile-on. An example. To stay unclassified, I won't name the base. So we take off an ISR asset and that ISR asset may change two or three times in the same mission, who it is really supporting as we gather on targets. So this is an extremely well-orchestrated dance.    Secretary Wormuth. Chairman, I think it is fair to say that Russia is in the process of evolving its doctrine in some very important ways. I would prefer to talk to you about that in a classified session and would be happy to do that, but I think it is fair to say in an open hearing that they are making some doctrinal changes that are concerning to us and that we need to take into account as we look to how we are going to deter Russia going forward.    The Chairman. Well, I am just referring to some of the things they are publishing openly. Now obviously there are other conversations to have as well. Last question I have got: General, you mentioned in answer to one of the questions that--talking about what the Russians learned from the Georgian invasion, and you said the Russians are a learning and adaptive force.    My question is, are we? And especially as we see these hybrid tactics and all that in this theater Russia is using to advance their national interest, seems to me it presents us some really difficult challenges. And from where you sit, are we learning and adaptive to deal with these new challenges that try to strike at some of our weaknesses?    General Breedlove. Chairman, I would like to assure you that, yes, we are learning and adaptive. And I am encouraged by some of the things that even our young people have helped us to understand and how do we approach some of these hybrid challenges we see.    There is a lot of mystique around this word ``hybrid warfare.'' All it really is is a different way to use tools that we have known about forever. The things that they bring to the table and use in a more--in a way that creates ambiguity.    And so how we address those ambiguities are very important. And so that I don't give away some of the more, I would say very ingenious ways that our young folks have worked, we will make those available to you. But the bottom line is, yes, sir, we are a learning and adaptive force.    The Chairman. Well, I hope we are in a timely way. Because it is whether we are talking about the threat from terrorism, whether we are talking about what the Russians are doing, or a number of other threats around the world, adversaries seem to be moving very quickly, looking for those asymmetric advantages that they can gain against us and looking for our weak spots.    And one of our weak spots is we don't do very well with somebody who lies and cheats and does all the things that we have seen coming out of the Russians. But that is the world we live in and we have to adapt.    Thank you both. We have touched on a lot of subjects today. I very much appreciate your being here and appreciate the seriousness of the issues which confront each of you as well as this committee.    And with that the hearing will stand adjourned.