    Mr. Curbelo. Thank you very much, Madam Chairman.    And I thank the ranking member, as well, and the witnesses, for making some time for us this morning.    Dr. Alexander, you mentioned the Academic Advancement Program during your testimony that serves as a summer bridge program for entering freshmen and transfers. Florida International University, in the district I represent, also offers a summer bridge program that has helped students transition from high school to college.    FIU has also created programs intended to help low-income and first-generation students gain access and the proper preparation to be successful during their experience in higher ed. I am proud to report that FIU is one of the nation's largest, most diverse institutions in higher education, with over 54,000 students and 200,000 alumni. Nearly 53 percent of FIU's undergraduate student body will be the first generation in their families to attain a college degree.    To maximize access and completion, FIU has revolutionized student advising, created outside partnerships and initiatives, and leveraged Pell Grants and funding. And FIU has a strong partnership with Miami-Dade County public schools, focused on high school student success through dual enrollment and other programs.    They are hoping to incentivize a K-12 higher ed collaboration through their program called ACCESS, which is chaired by Superintendent Alberto Carvalho and President Mark Rosenberg. So far, the programs have been very successful promoting enrollment and graduation rates.    How do you think we can incentivize more of these types of partnerships between K-12 and higher ed to ease the transition for students and improve access for low-income, first-generation, and minority students?    Mr. Curbelo. Thank you.    And, Madam Chair, I want to ask an open question to anyone who will take it during my allotted time.    I was with President Dona Shalala of the University of Miami earlier this week and she tells me that one of the greatest burdens on higher ed today is compliance, and that they are constantly having to deviate resources from student services to compliance. Do you any of you have any ideas as to what we can do to perhaps relieve the regulatory burden on our universities and colleges so that they have, in turn, more resources to dedicate to students--specifically the students we are discussing here today, the ones that most need the help?    Mr. Curbelo. Thank you very much.    My time is about to expire, but I want to thank all the witnesses.    And thank you, Madam Chair, for scheduling this important hearing.    Chairwoman Foxx. Thank you.    Mr. Hinojosa, you are recognized for 5 minutes.