    Mr. Russell. Thank you, Madam Chair.    Dr. Tierney, are you aware that over 4,000 American eagles, red tail hawks, American kestrels and burrowing owls are killed every year by wind turbines?    Mr. Russell. I would be happy to provide that to you.    Do you believe that the destruction of American birds is good for the environment?    Mr. Russell. Are you aware that solar energy also destroys thousands of birds every year, many of them rare species?    Mr. Russell. I will show you the videos.    Do you believe that a depression in a farmer or rancher's field that collects rainwater is a navigable waterway?    Mr. Russell. In the case of a ranch in my home State, which is not connected to any coast, that would be a navigable waterway if it was a depression full of rainwater in my district?    Mr. Russell. Have you ever navigated on a puddle after a rainstorm on a ranch in Oklahoma?    Mr. Russell. I am just curious because it seems that people think this is a navigable waterway.    Mr. Russell. On scientific evidence--I will try to scientifically navigate a puddle after a rainstorm.    Attorney General Fox, what impact do EPA rules have on tribal sovereignty?    Mr. Russell. I want to thank you for that.    In my limited time that is left, I will direct this to Dr. Harrison. You spoke of $140 billion a year reduction in the GDP annually for a 65 ppb rate. Were you aware that the entire education budget being proposed this year was $140 billion with the Student Success Act?    Also, were you aware that four times of the entire estimated gains of the Trans Pacific Partnership would be that number and that one third of the defense budget equals the number you cited? What impact would that have on our economy?    Mr. Russell. I appreciate the panel and the testimony here today. I think it is important for the Nation to see the impacts on people in Montana, Arkansas, Oklahoma--which has also joined in some of these lawsuits. We certainly have tribes as well.    I thank you, Madam Chairman, for this time.