    Ms. Johnson. Thank you very much, Madam Chairwoman, for holding this important hearing, and I welcome the National Science Foundation and the National Institute of Standards and Technology witnesses here. Both are agencies that are central to the federal role in advancing science, promoting innovation, and creating a more prosperous nation.    I look forward to hearing from the distinguished witnesses before us this morning. I only wish they could each have had in their own hearing because there are so many important topics to discuss for each of the agencies.    I am pleased with the budget request for both NSF and NIST. I hope Congress will have the wisdom to fully fund both requests. There are many worthy programs across the government and we cannot fund everything. However, I believe that funding science and innovation should be an easy choice, for this is about our future, and even more important, it is about our children's future.    That said, there are a few programs in the budget request that I would like to highlight. First, I am pleased to see NIST and NSF's increased investments in engineered biology. Many of the experts believe that biology will be the driver of economic prosperity in the 21st century, as physics was in the 20th century. Mr. Sensenbrenner joined me in introducing the Engineering Biology Act of 2015, which would create a framework for coordinated federal initiative in engineering biology. I hope we have the opportunity to move the bill this Congress.    Next, I am happy to see NIST leadership in the area of forensic science and standards. The partnership between NIST and the Department of Justice must continue to recognize NIST's critical role in developing technical standards for forensic evidence. The justice system must be just for all, including the wrongfully accused. I would be reintroducing my Forensic Science and Standards Act soon and I welcome my colleagues to cosponsor the legislation with me.    Also, while public access is not addressed in the budget request directly, it is a timely issue. I am pleased to see that several agencies, including NIST, have released their public access plans for federally funded research, a process that this Committee started back in the year 2009. Dr. Cordova, I understand you will still be negotiating with OSTP on your plan and I encourage you to resolve that as soon as possible.    Let me conclude with a few words about the debates in this Committee regarding our support for different fields of science and for merit review. We all have beliefs we would hold very strongly whether or not there is evidence to support them. Some of my colleagues believe very strongly that some fields of science are less valuable than other fields and that some grants are less worthy than other brands. Personally, I do not presume to have the expertise to make that determination. I trust the merit review process, and I trust NSF to make those decisions. The experts before us today will have an opportunity to educate us as to why we must invest in all STEM fields, and why it is so important to keep the merit review process free from political review. I just hope that all of my colleagues truly listen and consider what our witnesses have to say.    I very much look forward to the testimony, and with that, yield back. Thank you.