    Mr. Cardenas. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman. And thank you so much for having this hearing.    Mr. Stanislaus, I would just like to ask you your--do you have a technical background?    Mr. Cardenas. What would that be?    Mr. Cardenas. Oh, OK. And they don't cancel out. I think they go well together.    Well, thank you very much. I appreciate that. Because I think that when we are talking about EPA and we are talking about regulations, especially when it comes to things like coal ash, I think that there is some science that goes into those decisions, correct?    Mr. Cardenas. And evaluation and understanding. And then even beyond science per se, it also goes into probabilities and cause-and-effects and things of that nature, correct?    Mr. Cardenas. OK. Well, I am glad to know that you have that engineering background. I won't speak of your law degree, but at least engineering background. I am not a lawyer, but I am an engineer, so I appreciate that.    Now, when it comes to EPA's new rule which will set national criteria for the location, design, and maintenance of the ponds and protecting all of the communities that live with this potential risk, first of all, I would like to applaud the EPA for moving forward, but also this effort is important, especially because--has it been determined or evaluated by the EPA as to who most likely is affected by this activity and these ponds?    Is it more affluent communities? More low-income communities? Is there a disproportionate effect when it comes to communities that are affected?    Mr. Cardenas. OK. Well, I know that in the Los Angeles Basin, if you just look at the geographic area and if you look at income demographics, there definitely is a skewing of one side of town has a lot more activity where this might take place and the other side of town, which might be more affluent, doesn't have near any of this kind of activity, but at the same time maybe none of that activity, for zoning purposes and activity permits and things of that nature. So I am just reflecting on what goes on in the L.A. Basin, and even with coal ash, by the way, specifically, not just coal ash but other elements, as well.    So one of my questions to you, Mr. Stanislaus, is, can you describe some of the ways this rule will make coal-ash ponds safer for vulnerable communities surrounding them?    Mr. Cardenas. OK.    Now, the EPA, when you make this rule, how do you come about it? Too many people, in my opinion, whether elected or not, in this country keep thinking that anytime you have regulations they are just trying to hurt business. I mean, what kind of effort goes into making sure that you strike some kind of balance and understanding of what is going on in the real world and what should happen to create the public safety requirements that we should--should we have standards in the United States of America?    Mr. Cardenas. So you are not just going into this blindly without understanding and appreciating what is going on in the real world and the day-to-day effects of a particular industry?    Mr. Cardenas. OK. So commerce is something that is taken into account, as to the flow and effects of commerce, when these decisions and/or these processes are discussed?    Mr. Cardenas. Uh-huh.    I know there are more examples outside the United States of incidents, catastrophic incidents, more than in the United States, so far, as your data and research shows?    Mr. Cardenas. Well, what I would like to recommend--I don't think it is beyond your purview to at least understand what is going on in the rest of the world, because, especially since the world is getting smaller with all of this international commerce, I think it is important for us to understand, as Americans, how having regulations here that don't happen in other parts of the world, how people are affected when they don't have that. I think that, as Americans, we are kind of spoiled by what we don't see and the regulations that do, in fact, protect us.    And a point of personal privilege. I would like to correct myself, Mr. Chair. We don't have coal ash in the L.A. Basin or in California, but I was thinking about the piles of petroleum coke that we have in the L.A. Basin. So I apologize, and I wanted to correct myself.    Thank you so much, Mr. Chair. I yield back.