    Mr. Valadao. Thank you, Chairman.    Thank you, Under Secretary, for spending some time with us this morning.    I want to associate myself with the comments that Mr. Rooney made about some of our cattle producers. I, too, represent and happen to be someone who is very much involved in animal agriculture myself. Some of the things that were there were very much in opposition to anything that--I was raised as a farmer--what I have seen as practices that actually benefit the animal and animal production. So, to me, it was just mind-boggling.    But to my question, recently the apple industry experienced a multiple multi-state outbreak of listeria, which was linked to commercially produced and prepacked caramel apples. As you know, listeria can cause serious life-threatening illnesses.    Dr. Jacobs-Young, are there any current or proposed research studies at ARS that focus on the prevention and/or treatment of listeria outbreaks within the commercial food industry?    Mr. Valadao. When these situations occur, a solution is needed quickly. As everyone knows, research and investigation responses do not happen overnight.    Can you provide your thoughts on how quickly research regarding these issues can begin to assist industries that need immediate assistance.    Mr. Valadao. All right. As I understand, the U.S. is the only country that has a zero-tolerance policy regarding listeria contamination.    What is going on with these other countries? Have you looked into any of the research that they are doing, conducting, for an outbreak and how they handle the situation? How do they get away with this? Are we considering any type of harmonization between countries just to get a better understanding of how it works for them and how it doesn't work for us?    Mr. Valadao. Well, I am specifically asking--have you look into any of the research they use to base this? If we are the only one that is zero-tolerant and they are not, have you looked into the research they have used to make the decisions for their agencies?    Mr. Valadao. Thank you.    Thank you, Chairman.