    Mrs. Lawrence. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Director Allison and Ms. Book, thank you for being here today. I appreciate you being here.    The alleged misconduct of Federal Air Marshals that have been reported in the media, if it is true, is outrageous and unacceptable.    I understand that discussing specifics of these allegations could jeopardize ongoing investigations, and we don't want that to happen. But without going into specific investigations, we do have an opportunity--and I really appreciate what I just heard you say, Director Allison--we have the opportunity to discuss positive policy changes that agencies can implement to ensure that serious misconduct is dealt with quickly and fairly.    So my question to you today, in addition to the EPA and IG--the IG, they were able to identify employee misconduct cases involving pornography for expedited processing. EPA reports that this new procedure is already working. They have taken prompt administrative action in two misconduct cases since initiating ongoing communications with the Office of Inspector General.    Director Allison, can you let me know, is there a similar process for the Federal Air Marshal Service in which investigators, management, and leadership communicate, with the goal of streamlining--streamlining--the disciplinary process?    Mrs. Lawrence. Well, I want to thank you.    But I just want to say that the bad apples in any organization tend to get all the media. We recognize that. But we don't want to overlook the way that agencies are streamlining their disciplinary processes without sacrificing the due process rights of Federal employees.    I do want to say that your leadership, your responsibility of stepping up and addressing this issue--and I understand there are some things you can't speak on--but, being a Member of Congress and expecting our Federal agencies to conduct themselves at a level that would be respective of the taxpayers' investment in their jobs and our expectations of their performance, I expect leadership.    I appreciate the fact that you did meet with the chairman and our ranking member. I appreciate that. And I will stay in tune to what happens next.