    Mr. King. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I want to thank you for holding this joint hearing with the Counterterrorism and Intelligence Subcommittee today on terror threats to surface transportation.    If I may be allowed, I would like to acknowledge the fact that yesterday the House passed H.R. 720, which you sponsored, to require all airports and other surface transportation hubs to establish procedures responding to security threats such as active shooters. This was in response to the tragic murder of TSA screener Gerardo Hernandez, who was shot and killed back in November 2013 at LAX. It will now be sent to the President for signature. I want to take this opportunity to congratulate you on this passage of your first public law. It took me a lot longer to get there than it did you. So congratulations.    Mr. King. By the way, as part of that, I think the fact that you are holding this hearing today, this joint hearing, is emblematic of the dedication you have on this, as does Miss Rice and Ranking Member Higgins.    With the recent attempt by a terrorist on a high-speed rail in Europe to take multiple lives, we are more cognizant than ever of the vulnerability of our public transportation infrastructure. That day, as Chairman Katko mentioned, passengers were fortunate to have among them four brave Americans, including two members of America's Armed Forces, who reacted swiftly and bravely to take down the Islamist extremist who attempted to take as many lives as possible that day. But the odds are that when the next would-be terrorist attacks passengers on a train or a subway, the public may not be so fortunate to have such capable people on board who are ready to react.    The easy access to rail transportation is one of the features that makes it so popular. Compared with air travel, most of us individually appreciate the relative ease of using subways, like the Metro here in the District of Columbia or MTA in New York or commuter rail, such as Long Island Railroad or Metro-North. Everyone values and enjoys simple and easy access. However we have seen the vulnerability inherent in easy access in most transit services, including we have seen that in London, Mumbai, Madrid, Tokyo, and now in Paris. I think as a New Yorker, where we have in New York City alone literally thousands of train station entrances and exits, combine that with Grand Central Station, Penn Station, you realize just how challenging this is.    With ISIS urging supporters to carry out attacks in the United States, we have to continue to evaluate the threat, vulnerability, and related security measures within our security transportation infrastructure. I look forward to hearing from the witnesses about efforts to deter and prevent attacks, as well as how we are balancing the efficiency of public transit with security.    A key issue is how the Federal Government is assisting State, local, and regional partners to better protect the traveling public against the threat of terrorism on America's public transportation and commuter rail systems.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I look forward to the testimony. I yield the balance of my time.    Mr. King. It was supposed to be ``very esteemed.'' In any event, thank you, Mr. Chairman.    At the outset let me just say that, as Miss Rice said, the message is received. I really have to make sure that we deliver that to people in my party who play games with the spending and don't realize there is consequences. Any talk of Government shutdown, of money not coming, even if it comes months from now, the damage can be done. So your message is well received certainly by me.    I have two questions, and it will be to Mr. Diaz and to Chief Hanson. First of all, thank you both for your testimony, and all of you for your testimony, and to you two in law enforcement, for the work you have done over the years.    Two questions. Taking Penn Station and Grand Central, where everything comes together, you have the New York City subway system, you have Metro-North, you have Amtrak, how well-constituted are you as far as incident command? Who is in charge when something occurs? Is that delineated as to who is responsible when an incident occurs? Also, does the FDNY get involved in that? Because here you have, let's see, at least three, four police departments, you have the National Guard. Again, I am just wondering, is that all coordinated as to who is in charge and who is not?    Second on that, going back to years ago with the Transit Police, there was the problem with communications. How are the communications, the radio communications between the various police departments at Penn Station and Grand Central? That is probably the one area where all of you come together. Either one. Mr. Diaz, you can go first.    Mr. King. Emergency manager, is he with Amtrak?    Mr. King. Go ahead.    Mr. King. One final question. Is everyone allowed to partake in table-top exercises as far as the police departments?    Mr. King. Thank you all for your testimony and your service.    I yield back.