    Mr. Posey. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And thank you, General, for your service to our armed forces and NASA.    Hon. Bolden. Thank you.    Mr. Posey. I'd like to focus just for a moment on Exploration Mission 1 referred to in all our paperwork as EM-1, the first time that you'll fly SLS and Orion together hopefully in 2018. The Government Accountability Office--let me just look at--get his quote--and the NASA Inspector General have both cautioned us that Exploration Mission 1 could be delayed because of potential risks for the exploration ground systems program. The Administration is requesting $403 million in discretionary spending in fiscal year 2017, a reduction of $6.8 million from fiscal year 2016. How will this request impact the Exploration 1 schedule? I mean, I understand we can fully fund Orion----    Hon. Bolden. Yes, sir.    Mr. Posey. --we can fully fund SLS, we can fully fund all the airplane research, we can fully fund all the weather stuff, but if we don't have the ground systems in place, nothing's going to get off the ground, General.    Hon. Bolden. Mr. Posey, you're preaching to the choir. And this is what I've said to this and other committees for many years. It is great to be focused on the vehicles, but unless you have a launch complex like the Kennedy Space Center, the world's most incredible multiuser launch complex, unless you have that, you're going nowhere.    Mr. Posey. Yes.    Hon. Bolden. And that's--you know, when people talk about--a critical part of SLS is the ground system. SLS with no ground system is worthless. So we're given a limited budget, we try to take the funds that are in the big category of exploration and use them so that the ground system, the rocket, and the module get to launch day together. And that requires doing what Bob Cabana is doing in an incredibly fine manner down at the Kennedy Space Center.    The other thing that has helped is having commercial entities that now provide access to low-Earth orbit so that we don't have to worry about that. If you go down to Kennedy now and you look at Launch Complex 39A from where Neil Armstrong launched, that's now American ingenuity. That's SpaceX. And I haven't seen it recently, but everybody tells me it is mind-boggling what they're doing to 39A. That's American ingenuity, and that's what's going to take us to Mars. So I could not agree with you more. We've got to focus on the infrastructure, and that's exploration ground systems.    So when I say I want to take $1 million or whatever it is that's--that people think is designated for the rocket because I want to upgrade the security on the exploration ground system, we're not doing that because we're being frivolous. We see that EGS is not going to be ready in time to meet the rocket's date----    Mr. Posey. Exactly.    Hon. Bolden. --unless we do it that way so----    Mr. Posey. Well, thank you. Those are magic words to my ears, General. So I assume, then, that I can be assured that we're not going to end up with an SLS and Orion and lack a ground system that's ready to launch.    Hon. Bolden. I can assure you, sir, that with the President's budget request at that level, the exploration ground system, SLS, and Orion will be ready to launch in 2018 together.    Mr. Posey. Okay. Thank you for that assurance.    Hon. Bolden. Yes, sir.    Mr. Posey. Thank you. The Orion program received $1.27 billion in fiscal year 2016. The discretionary request from NASA for fiscal year 2017 is $1.05 billion. Will this request delay EM-2, Exploration Mission 2, where we're actually going to put men in here? If NASA received $1.27 billion in fiscal year 2017 for Orion, would EM-2 be delayed?    Hon. Bolden. At the President's budget request, EM-2 is scheduled to go in 2023, and that's our commitment to the President, to the Congress, to the nation. As I commented to Congresswoman Edwards, if you gave me the levels that you continue to give, then we're going to make sure that we will make 2023. We could make it earlier, but I want to get away from people focusing on an earlier date because that does bring concerns about safety into the mix, and that's what the ASAP was talking about.    You know, 2023 is a great date. If that's what we think we can meet with a 70 percent confidence level, increased funding even makes it even more certain we're going to make that date. But the team always works to be ready earlier than projected, so we probably could launch earlier than 2023 with increased funding, but we have committed to 2023 and we'll make that at the President's budget request.    Mr. Posey. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I see I'm out of time.    Mr. Posey. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    General, just to kind of pick up where we left off last time when I ran out of time, let's suppose that NASA received an extra $1.35 billion in fiscal year 2017. What would that get spent on?    Hon. Bolden. The first thing it would be spent on buying down risk across the board in our programs, and a large portion of it would go into human spaceflight.    And what does that mean, buying down risk? We would go out and purchase long lead items for downstream vehicles so that EM-3, EM-4, EM-5 would be--the vehicles for those flights would be able to begin construction now rather than waiting three or four or five years from now.    We would probably put more money into beefing up our Safety and Mission Assurance organization or the Engineering organization to make sure that we satisfy Congresswoman Edwards' concern and that of the ASAP that we don't let launch fever or those kinds of things happen. And of course, we would try to get as much done quickly so that we could launch sooner. But the big focus would be on buying down risk.    Mr. Posey. Thank you. For a long time we talked about EM-2 being in 2021 and now we're a big bump to 2023. Could just a matter of funding put that back on track?    Hon. Bolden. Yes, a matter of funding could put EM-2 back on track, but all the funding would not go to doing that, again, as I said, because what I don't want to do is put a bundle of money on EM-2, have no long lead items having been procured, have tests that need to be done and don't get done and we launch EM-2 earlier and we're stopped. So----    Mr. Posey. I get that.    Hon. Bolden. --it's not as----    Mr. Posey. I get that.    Hon. Bolden. It's not black and white.    Mr. Posey. And the economy of having more closer together is there, too. I mean, I understand the economic benefits of doing that.    Hon. Bolden. Yes. You know, development curve--a funding curve for development program has a little hump in it. None of ours ever have that. Ours is always straight line.    Mr. Posey. Yes.    Hon. Bolden. The work that people like Bob Cabana and Todd May and Ellen Ochoa and the program managers do every single year, Bill Gerstenmaier, in fitting a development program--and we have, I think, five human spaceflight development programs underway, never been done by this agency before. When you talk about commercial crew, commercial cargo, suborbital flight, Orion, SLS, EGS, and not to mention the science programs, we've got a lot of stuff that we're trying to do and all of it is incredibly valuable. We don't have anything that I would say, you know, let's stop doing it because it's all important for the nation.    Mr. Posey. Great. Thank you very much.