    Chairman Hensarling. The Financial Services Committee will come to order. Without objection, the Chair is authorized to declare a recess of the committee at any time.    Today's hearing is for the purpose of receiving the semiannual testimony of the Chair of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System on monetary policy and the state of the economy.    We should advise all Members that today's hearing will end at 1 p.m., in order to accommodate the Chair's schedule. I now recognize myself for 3 minutes to give an opening statement.    As Chair Yellen delivers her semiannual report today, we have an opportunity to examine the state of the Fed's balance sheet, but it is the precarious state of family balance sheets that must be foremost on our minds. That coincidentally is the title of a recent report by the Pew Charitable Trust, which rightly concludes that, ``Many American families are walking a financial tightrope.'' Since the President embarked on his economic program, middle-income families have found themselves with smaller paychecks, smaller bank accounts, and further from financial independence. Millions have become so discouraged trying to find a job that they have simply given up and left the workforce. Although we have happily seen some recent improvement in our economy, Americans are still mired in the slowest, weakest recovery of the post-war era, this in spite of the single largest monetary stimulus in America's history.    Why is this recovery so anemic? No doubt, it is hampered by Obamacare, the Dodd-Frank Act, and the other roughly $617 billion in new regulatory costs imposed by the Administration. This is something monetary policy cannot remedy. On top of this is the burden of $1.7 trillion in new taxes that fall principally upon our engines of economic growth: small businesses; entrepreneurs; and investors. Monetary policy cannot remedy this either.    Then there is the doubt, uncertainty, and regulatory burden that grows as more and more unbridled discretionary authority is given to unaccountable government agencies. Although monetary policy cannot remedy this, it can help.    During the most successful periods of our Fed's history, the central bank appeared to follow a clear rule, methodology, or monetary policy convention. Today, however, it favors a more unpredictable and somewhat amorphous ``forward guidance,'' which creates uncertainty.    For example, just moments after the Federal Open Market Committee (FOMC) released its policy statement on December 17th, the Dow surged over 300 points, seemingly based upon nothing more than the substitution of the word ``patient'' for the phrase ``considerable time.'' And when Chair Yellen's predecessor once publicly mused about the mere possibility of tapering Quantitative Easing, markets took a deep dive.    Thus, there does not appear to be all that much ``guidance'' in the Fed's ``forward guidance.'' As one former Fed President recently wrote, ``Monetary policy uncertainty creates inefficiency in the capital market. The FOMC gives lip service to policy predictability, but its statements are vague. The FOMC preaches that policy is data-dependent, but will not tell us what data and how.''    Many prominent economists believe that the American people will enjoy a healthier economy when the Fed begins to adopt a more predictable method of rules-based monetary policy, one of its choosing.    Opponents argue any reforms threaten the Fed's monetary policy independence, but the greatest threat to the independence of the Fed comes from the Executive Branch, not the Legislative Branch. While the Federal Reserve Chair testifies publicly before this committee twice a year, she meets weekly with the Treasury Secretary in private. And for decades, there has been a revolving door between Treasury officials and Fed officials, which continues even today.    With respect to reform, accountability, and transparency on the one hand, and independence in the conduct of monetary policy on the other, these are not mutually exclusive concepts. After Dodd-Frank, a quadruple balance sheet, massive bailouts, unprecedented credit market interventions, and the financing and facilitation of trillions of dollars of new national debt, this is clearly a very different Fed.    Chair Yellen, I will listen very carefully to constructive suggestions that improve Fed reform ideas, but I for one believe Fed reforms are needed, and I for one believe Fed reforms are coming.    I now recognize the ranking member for 3 minutes.    Ms. Waters. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    And welcome back, Chair Yellen.    Since you last joined us in July, the economy has enjoyed a string of positive developments. In the past 3 months alone, we have seen the best stretch of hiring in 17 years, GDP growth is up, and the outlook for inflation continues to remain low. There is no doubt now that the post-crisis policy of quantitative easing, which you have extraordinarily championed in the face of countless Republican attacks, has played a major role in turning the economy around.    But while I could talk all day about the macroeconomic gains we have made, the brutal truth is that millions continue to teeter on the brink of severe poverty and financial collapse. People in my district are still struggling to recover from the crisis. Systemic inequities distort progress and opportunity for tens of millions of Americans, most especially low- and middle-income Americans, and communities of color.    A look at the data presents a staggering picture of the racial wealth gap, which continues to widen. While some home values have increased, Black communities have failed to bounce back. In 2013, the number of White families with underwater mortgages was 5.45 percent compared to 14.2 percent for African-Americans. One-in-nine White Americans have less than $1,000 in assets. But for Latino-Americans, that ratio is one-in-four; for African-Americans, it is one-in-three. The Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis reports that the average wealth level for Whites is $134,000 as compared to an astonishing $14,000 for Latinos and $11,000 for African-Americans. And in retirement, there is a dramatic disparity. In 2013, White families had over $100,000 more in average liquid retirement savings than African-Americans.    Meanwhile, the rich get richer and Republicans push policies that would only exacerbate this inequity, not stem it.    Chair Yellen, as you discuss the state of our economy, I am particularly interested in hearing how the least fortunate among us are faring in this time of unprecedented growth for big banks, Wall Street, and the wealthiest among us. And I would like to hear your view on how we can provide more opportunity to this often overlooked segment of our population.    So, in light of this sobering wealth gap, I am basically astounded that Republicans continue politically to be motivated in the ways that they are.    I welcome you, Chair Yellen, and I look forward to your views on these important issues.    And I yield back the balance of my time.    Chairman Hensarling. The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Michigan, Mr. Huizenga, chairman of our Monetary Policy and Trade Subcommittee, for 2 minutes.    Chairman Hensarling. The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Texas, Mr. Green, the ranking member of our Oversight and Investigations Subcommittee, for 2 minutes.    Chairman Hensarling. Today, we welcome the testimony of the Honorable Janet Yellen, Chair of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System. Chair Yellen has previously testified before this committee, so I feel confident that she needs no further introduction.    Without objection, Chair Yellen's written statement will be made a part of the record.    Chair Yellen, you are now recognized for your oral testimony. Thank you.    Chairman Hensarling. Thank you, Chair Yellen.    The Chair now recognizes himself for 5 minutes for questions.    Chair Yellen, I think I heard you say in your testimony that a modification of forward guidance will not necessarily lead to a modification of the target Fed funds rate. Is that what I just heard you testify?    Chairman Hensarling. Forward guidance does not necessarily lead to a modification of your target Fed funds rate. Is that--I believe I read--    Chairman Hensarling. I am reading from your written testimony now: ``It is important to emphasize that a modification of the forward guidance should not be read as indicating that the Committee will necessarily increase the target range.''    Chairman Hensarling. Okay.    Chairman Hensarling. I guess I just question, then, how much guidance there is in forward guidance. We have had this discussion before in private and public concerning a predictable rules-based monetary policy. Again, prior to becoming Chair, when you previously served as a Member of the Board, I believe you indicated that the Taylor Rule, in particular, ``is what sensible central banks do.''    In previous testimony, I believe your last testimony before our committee, I thought I heard you say that you still believed that but that the timing was not right because we are still in extraordinary times. Perhaps I am putting some words in your mouth, but that was the essence of what I thought I heard in your last testimony. And yesterday, before the Senate, you testified that, ``I am not a proponent of chaining the Federal Open Market Committee in its decision-making to any rule whatsoever.''    A couple of observations. I think you are familiar with the legislation that was furthered by Mr. Huizenga. Perhaps ``rule'' is an intimidating term, but under his legislation--call it rule, call it process, call it methodology--the Fed would set the rule, the Fed could waive the rule, the Fed could change the rule at will as long as it publicly told the rest of us what it was doing.    I am not sure what, with respect to that proposal, the Fed would be chaining itself to, so I guess my question is this: Do you no longer believe that a rules-based policy like the Taylor Rule is what sensible central banks do? Is it a question of timing, or have you simply changed your mind?    Chairman Hensarling. Chair Yellen, it is just that your statement of yesterday doesn't seem to leave a whole lot of wiggle room.    Chairman Hensarling. If we want the ability to--    Chairman Hensarling. Okay. Well, Chair Yellen, let me ask you this question.    Chairman Hensarling. Let me ask you this question. It you had the ability--    Chairman Hensarling. --to waive the rule and change the rule, how is one chaining themselves?    Chairman Hensarling. Okay. I understand--    Chairman Hensarling. Chair Yellen, I think I understand your position.    Chairman Hensarling. Forgive me, but I am beginning to run out of time here.    The second and last question I will ask: Yesterday, you stated in Senate testimony that you are not seeking to alter Dodd-Frank, apparently in any way or form. This was in an answer to a question by Senator Warren, whom I believe may be fairly alone in believing that Dodd-Frank is sacred text. Your predecessor said, as a general matter, ``Dodd-Frank is a very big, complicated piece of legislation that addresses many issues. I am sure there are many aspects of it that could be improved in one way or the other.'' Your own General Counsel, Scott Alvarez, has indicated problems with the swaps pushout provision. Board Member Daniel Tarullo has indicated a concern for the SIFI designation level and expressed support for explicitly exempting institutions below a certain size from the Volcker Rule. Barney Frank himself has indicated a willingness and interest in changing nonbank SIFI designations, asset thresholds for automatic bank SIFI designations, Volcker Rule end-user margin, and QM treatment for loans held in a portfolio.    And so my question is, particularly as the Fed is the prudential regulator for thousands of community banks that are withering on the vine, is there any context for the answer you give, or is it that you believe Dodd-Frank cannot be altered and should not be altered in any way?    Chairman Hensarling. Thank you.    Chairman Hensarling. Okay. Contrary to your predecessor or Barney Frank himself, at the moment, you seek no modifications.    The Chair is way past his time.    The Chair now recognizes the ranking member.    Ms. Waters. I see. Thank you.    Chairman Hensarling. The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Michigan, Mr. Huizenga, chairman of our Monetary Policy and Trade Subcommittee.    Chairman Hensarling. The time of the gentleman has expired.    The Chair now recognizes the gentlelady from Wisconsin, Ms. Moore, the ranking member of our Monetary Policy and Trade Subcommittee.    Chairman Hensarling. The time of the gentlelady has expired.    The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from North Carolina, Mr. McHenry, vice chairman of the committee.    Chairman Hensarling. The time of the gentleman has expired. The Chair now recognizes the gentlelady from New York, Ms. Velazquez.    Chairman Hensarling. The gentlelady yields back. The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from New Jersey, Mr. Garrett, chairman of our Capital Markets Subcommittee.    Chairman Hensarling. The time of the gentleman has expired. The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Massachusetts, Mr. Capuano.    Chairman Hensarling. The time of the gentleman has expired. The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Texas, Mr. Neugebauer, chairman of our Financial Institutions Subcommittee.    Chairman Hensarling. The time of the gentleman has expired. The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Massachusetts, Mr. Lynch.    Chairman Hensarling. The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Missouri, Mr. Luetkemeyer, the chairman of our Housing and Insurance Subcommittee.    Chairman Hensarling. The time of the gentleman has expired. The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from California, Mr. Sherman.    Chairman Hensarling. The gentleman yields back. The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Wisconsin, Mr. Duffy, chairman of our Oversight and Investigations Subcommittee.    Chairman Hensarling. The time of the gentleman--    Chairman Hensarling. The time of the gentleman has expired. The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from New York, Mr. Meeks.    Chairman Hensarling. The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Oklahoma, Mr. Lucas.    Chairman Hensarling. The time of the gentleman has expired. The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Texas, Mr. Green.    Chairman Hensarling. The time of the gentleman has expired.    Chairman Hensarling. And--bless somebody.    The Chair wishes to advise all Members also as a reminder that once the Chair and the ranking member complete their questioning, the Chair's eyesight becomes far more acute on the clock, and Members are requested to leave the witness sufficient time to answer their questions in the 5-minute block.    The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania, Mr. Fitzpatrick.    Chairman Hensarling. The gentleman yields back.    The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Missouri, Mr. Cleaver, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Hensarling. The gentleman can submit his questions in writing.    And as tempting as it was to give the gentleman an extra 2 minutes, the Chair will decline.    The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Virginia, Mr. Hurt.    Chairman Hensarling. The time of the gentleman has expired.    The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Minnesota, Mr. Ellison.    Chairman Hensarling. The time of the gentleman has expired.    Chairman Hensarling. The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Ohio, Mr. Stivers.    Chairman Hensarling. The gentleman is right. His time has expired.    The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Colorado, Mr. Perlmutter.    Chairman Hensarling. The time of the gentleman has expired.    The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from South Carolina, Mr. Mulvaney.    Chairman Hensarling. The time--    Chairman Hensarling. The time of the gentleman has expired.    Chairman Hensarling. The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Connecticut, Mr. Himes.    Chairman Hensarling. The time of the gentleman has expired.    The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Florida, Mr. Ross.    Chairman Hensarling. The time of the gentleman has expired.    The Chair, taking note of the time, and knowing that Chair Yellen will be departing at 1 o'clock, that will allow us to clear two more Members. Presently, I have Mr. Carney on the Democratic side in the queue and Mr. Pittenger on the Republican side in the queue.    The gentleman from Delaware, Mr. Carney, is now recognized.    Chairman Hensarling. The time of the gentleman has expired.    The last questioner will be the gentleman from North Carolina, Mr. Pittenger. You are now recognized.    Chairman Hensarling. The time of the gentleman has expired.    I wish to thank our witness for her testimony today. I only wish she would stay a little longer.    The Chair notes that some Members may have additional questions for this witness, which they may wish to submit in writing. Without objection, the hearing record will remain open for 5 legislative days for Members to submit written questions to this witness and to place her responses in the record. Also, without objection, Members will have 5 legislative days to submit extraneous materials to the Chair for inclusion in the record.    This hearing stands adjourned.