    Mr. Quam. Chairman Wenstrup and members of the subcommittee, good afternoon. It is good to see you all, and it is a real privilege to be here on behalf of the National Governors Association. Governors have been very focused for years on veterans, the military and the National Guard. As commanders in chief of the National Guard, the last decade has seen governors very much focused on not only the protection of our troops when they go abroad, but their protection when they come home. I think this has been a really great example of what governors can do to help when these military men and women, including the Guard and our active military are coming back to the States. So it was a real privilege to be able to work with the Department of Labor to start to find those best practices.    I think you heard a lot today that every single State, and I will say some of the territories as well, have taken steps to really help the veterans returning with regard to licensing and credentialing and trying to accelerate those pathways. Well, what we found during this 18-month, really intensive process, was that implementation is key. There aren't a lot of Federal solutions that need to be imposed, licensing and credentialing is a State issue for a reason. It has to do with public safety, it has to do with geography, it has to do with the economy. All those licensing boards and credentialing criteria were put in place for a reason.    And State and local government has control over that because it is important for this to remain local. That being said, governors have found that there are barriers to trade and there are things that have to be done and the governors play a key role.    As we work through this demonstration process, there were five key recommendations that came across for what can be done to really implement these programs. There was a blueprint put in place for all States to follow. The first recommendation: Assemble a team. It is remarkable only the governor has the authority across all the agencies to bring everybody together to get the level of coordination and collaboration that you need to get this done. The effort in the State of Ohio for instance, the governor called a task force together, gave it to the governor's workforce task force, they identified 33 different State agencies that were involved in the hiring of vets, the credentialing and licensing, 33 just in the State of Ohio. Every State has that level of complexity, the governor as convener is key.    Second, you have to do your homework. What is the information? How many veterans are coming back? What were they trained in? What does your economy need? Where are the jobs? What institutions do you have that can provide that training? And can you match it all up? Without all that information, you can't make really strong decisions.    You need then data, this is where working with some of the national credentialing bodies, national licensing bodies is critical. The nurses were able to do a nationwide gap analysis comparing what the military did with what some of the States do. That type of data allows the State to start to really focus on what do we need to make sure that our veterans are ready for that civilian workforce.    It is interesting, if you think of a medic who is trained to help soldiers who are injured in combat, there is a different level of training to handle that versus handling, say, infants, who you might have to service as a nurse or a practitioner, or the elderly. And so you have to make sure that the licensing and credentialing is there for a reason to make sure that that quality control is servicing the civilian sector by taking into account the training and experience to be gained in the military.    Next one, don't reinvent the wheel. This is a big one. Best practices, the States have started to really share across State lines. You had six different States involved in this demonstration process--demonstration program, and probably the best thing that came out of it is them talking to each other. What did you do that worked? How did you work with your legislature? How did your State licensing board set up? What other bodies are you concerned with? What other are the politics that are involved there? How did you fund it? States talking to States is a key to making this work in the end.    The last one: Share information. If I have one role for the Federal Government to play, it is to help with the sharing of information from the Federal Government and from the agencies to the States. A true partnership will require the flow of information so you don't have to go looking. One of the interesting findings as I was talking to some of the people who put together this report, they had to do workarounds just to get the basic information of what vets were coming back to their States and what have they been trained in. Those are keys to bring the policy decisions together to really make this work. Happy to take questions and it has been a pleasure to be here.    Mr. Quam. I am going to go back to what some of the previous speakers mentioned and one of the recommendations I was making, it is a flow of information. There is information that is held at the Federal level that needs to be communicated to the States in order for the States to make really good decisions.    I will tell a story that I was just told yesterday about how this works, and it really brought it to light for me, and that is, one the States who was trying to figure out whether to put a paramedics training session together needed to know A, how many paramedics do we need in the State? They had that information. But B, how many folks do we have coming into the State who have that training and may be looking for that type of job? They asked the Federal Government, and part of this lies with several different Federal agencies.    At the end of the day, the only way they could get that information was to send a FOIA request to the Federal Government to get it out. They couldn't get it any other way. Even the National Governors Association, we did this demonstration project, we had to also put in a FOIA request to get the information we were looking for.    So there was some talk about a clearinghouse to have some of this information in better flow between the Federal silos amongst themselves, but then the Federal partnership with the State and local partnership--if we can just get the information going back and forth, that alone is going to streamline this process and you get some better policymaking. We would love your help with that.    Mr. Quam. And certainly, from the demonstration project, I think we have got some very specific information we can look for, work with you, have your help. Happy to bring that to you, yes.    Mr. Quam. Yes, sir. And I think once you do that, then you do have a database that kind of says those are the people that are opted in, this is where they want to go and this is the kind of job they are looking for, which is what we are trying to do as part of the SkillBridge authority. We are trying to use that authority to help advertise back and forth. Servicemembers looking for job field training opportunities and companies looking for people to train.    Mr. Quam. Nursing was one where the national body does some licensing, they did it on their own. The States went to them and they actually partnered together. Some States then went beyond that, they took what the gap analysis from the National Association, and then they did their own at the State level. But the work with some of the those national licensing bodies--we talk about some of the groups who are trying to create some more uniformity without a Federal law, it is important to work with them because they have got the experts to do that initial gap analysis, and then for the States to come in and apply this specifically.    I will say this, that with regard to gap analysis and with regard to all of this, specificity is a key. We tried to do this for all occupations and all licenses, we tried to take on everybody and streamline everything. We have found that that does not work. You have got to really focus on some of the key industries, the key places where the military training and most people are coming to get the most bang for the buck and have the most success.    Mr. Quam. Correct.    Mr. Quam. I think for--the National Association has a huge role to play. This is still legislative and it is law. So at the end of the day, the States have a very, very strong say. What you are seeing, though, is that for some of these professions is, I think it was well-put, finding national solutions to national problems, not necessarily Federal solutions to those problems, but national. I think that is an important distinction. This is one of the reasons, though, why we are saying the collaboration and cooperation between those national bodies and the States, that is critical, because there are some expertise there where States can build off of the work that has already been done.    Mr. Quam. I would like to have that discussion.    Mr. Quam. Right.    Ms Rice. I had to say, I had to profess ignorance as to whether we got that idea from someone else, or if it is something that came from us and should be exported. Are there other examples like that around the country? How is it that you facilitate the sharing of information so they don't have to recreate the wheel?    Mr. Quam. That is a great question. And part of the demonstration project, I have to compliment the Department of Labor for all their help with this, is designed to take the best practices and help us disseminate them. And so an interim came out just this year, the final report will come out later this year with the Department of Labor, both the National Governors Association and the Department will be disseminating this to all States to share.    As a matter of fact, one possibility is even though we did six States, it is to fund--if there are funds available, to do another cohort, to share with another set of States. But we will be sharing all this information with the governors, with the State workforce agencies, parts with the veterans--the folks who handle veterans affairs in each of the States.    It is remarkable how many agencies touch on this issue, education, workforce, licensing and credentialing, all can be separate boards. It will be our job to take the information we find, disseminate it to everybody, and then continue this discussion, both among the governors and among those folks who are chiefly responsible for it. DOL will be a critical partner in getting that done.    Ms Rice. Great, thank you very much.