    Mr. Posey. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Secretary, in October of 2013, the online publication RepealFATCA.com submitted a Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) request for documents concerning the intergovernmental agreements with the United Kingdom, Switzerland, and Canada. The Department promptly acknowledged the request, and on October 24, 2013, stated that, ``Expedited treatment has been approved.'' It is a letter from your agency. However, since then there has been no response from the Department despite repeated follow-up inquiries from the requester.    On January 27th of this year, 15 months after the initial request, I sent you a letter asking for prompt action on the request and to keep me informed on the response that would be forthcoming. Despite additional inquiries, the only answer I have received so far is, ``We are working on it.''    It has now been 20 months, almost 2 years since their simple initial request under the Freedom of Information Act, and 5 months since my letter inquiring about the status of that request. Is this the Treasury standard for expedited treatment?    Mr. Posey. It is just hard to believe that there is some reason that the Department is stonewalling that one.    Mr. Posey. On another matter, I would like to bring to your attention that the Fiscal Year 2012 Financial Services appropriations bill included report language directing the Secretary of the Treasury to submit a report to Congress regarding the potential risks to the U.S. financial markets and economy posed by financial terrorism and economic warfare.    I subsequently met with Treasury Assistant Secretary Fitzpayne in August of 2012 and was told that the Treasury would work on that. The report language also included in Fiscal Year 2013 and 2014 appropriations bills.    In July of 2013, my staff sent nearly a half-dozen emails to the appropriate Treasury staffer for a status update, but those emails went unanswered. Finally, in the Fiscal Year 2015 CR/Omnibus bill that became public law, the actual bill language was included to the same effect.    ``The Secretary of the Treasury, in consultation with the appropriate agencies, departments, bureaus, and commissions that have expertise in terrorism and complex financial institutions, shall provide a report to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate, the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this act on economic warfare and financial terrorism.''    Obviously, Congress felt the issue was important enough that it has included language in an appropriations bill dating back as far as Fiscal Year 2012. However, it is apparent the Department isn't giving this matter the same attention. I was hoping you could provide us with some information about your progress on the report.    As the Secretary provided his report to the relevant committees in Congress, given the Department has had knowledge of this issue for over 3 years, I would have thought the Department would have prepared to meet that 90-day threshold set by Congress. And so ultimately the question is, when can we expect the report?    Mr. Posey. Just doing the report as the law requires would be a great way to kind of boast or toast what you are doing.    Mr. Posey. So, will you have someone get moving in the next week on these two issues about the FOIA request so we don't have to wait another 2 years for that one?    Mr. Posey. And let me know the status of this report within the next week, would that be asking too much?    Mr. Posey. I heard you say ``yes'' a little while ago to somebody on the other side. I was just hoping we could maybe get the word ``yes'' twice in one meeting in the 3 hours. But can we expect that maybe in a week?