    Mr. EAGERTON. Good afternoon, Chairman Rice and Ranking Member Chu and members of this Subcommittee. My name is Scott Eagerton. I am testifying on behalf of NAFCU. I serve as the president and CEO of Dixies Federal Credit Union headquartered in Darlington, South Carolina. NAFCU and our members thank you for holding this hearing today.    During the consideration of financial reform, NAFCU was concerned about the possibility of overregulation of good actors, such as credit unions. This is why NAFCU was the only credit union trade association to oppose CFPB having rulemaking authority over credit unions. Unfortunately, many of our concerns about increased regulatory burden of credit unions have been proven true. The CFPB's primary focus should be on regulating the unregulated bad actors, not creating new burdens for good actors like credit unions. While it is true credit unions under 10 billion are exempt from CFPB examination and enforcement, all credit unions are subject to the CFPB rules.    The impact of the growing compliance burden is evident in the number of credit unions that continue to decline, dropping more than 17 percent in the second quarter of 2010. Ninety-six percent of those smaller institutions were like mine, below $100 million in assets. At Dixies, our compliance cost has risen fivefold since 2009, from about $20,000 a year to $100,000 annually. We spend more today on compliance than we do on loan loss.    During financial reform, the National Credit Union Administration moved to a 12-month exam cycle for credit unions, increasing costs for both the agency and for credit unions. We now have four full-time staff members who spend two weeks preparing for an exam, two weeks during the exam, and two weeks following the exam. The average cost in wages is about $30,000 per exam.    The financial crisis is now over. We believe the NCUA should use their authority to return back to the 18-month exam cycle for healthy and well-run credit unions.    New regulation on top of new regulation has hindered Dixies' business and our ability to retain top talent. We have had several staff departures due directly to these frustrations. Most of our staff has indicated that they do not want to participate in real estate lending because of the cost of change and regulatory uncertainty. Through August of this year, Dixies has already spent over $20,000 for system upgrades and software licenses. This does not include the time to set up the software and train on it. That costs roughly an additional 7,500 bucks.    Discussions with NAFCU member credit unions led to the creation of the NAFCU Five-point Plan for Regulatory Relief, which is outlined in my written testimony. One area where the CFPB could be most helpful to credit unions would be to use its legal authority under Section 1022 of Dodd-Frank to exempt credit unions from various rulemakings. Congress can also bring greater accountability and transparency to the CFPB by making structural improvements to the agency. For example, enacting H.R. 1266 of the Financial Products Safety Commission Act of 2015 would replace the sole director of the agency with a bipartisan five-person commission. The qualified mortgage rule is a prime example of a regulation that was unintended with unintended consequences. Because the rule was written with a ``one size fits all,'' it has significantly limited member access to a variety of mortgage products. We decided the liability risk was not worth it. This has resulted to our mortgage portfolio shrinking from 60 percent prior to the crisis to 30 percent today. Despite a strong track record, we are now making fewer mortgage loans in South Carolina.    Finally, credit unions are not immune to the regulatory creep from Dodd-Frank. Despite strong credit union performance during the financial downturn, the NCUA board proposed a new risk-based capital system for credit unions. NAFCU maintains that this costly proposal is unnecessary and will further burden credit unions. We believe that Congress should enact legislation H.R. 2769 to stop and study proposals before moving forward.    In conclusion, the Dodd-Frank Act has a significant impact on credit unions, despite not being the cause of the financial downturn. We would urge members to support credit union regulatory relief efforts as outlined in my written testimony. Additionally, the Subcommittee should also encourage regulators to provide relief where they can without congressional action.    Thank you for the opportunity to share my thoughts with you today. I welcome your questions.    Mr. EAGERTON. Absolutely.    Mr. EAGERTON. It is probably one of the biggest threats that we face today. I spend about $9,000 a year on loan loss reserves for real estate loans. We spend 120 to make sure we are in compliance.    Mr. EAGERTON. The latter, for sure.    Mr. EAGERTON. Absolutely.    Mr. EAGERTON. Absolutely.    Mr. EAGERTON. Well, first, let me start with this. I think that is an excellent idea. Most credit unions today are capped at 12.25 percent of their assets.    Mr. EAGERTON. So by raising that cap, you would allow credit unions to continue to do member business loans. What most credit unions find today is that just as soon as they get the program up and running, get the staff hired, they have to stop because they meet that cap. So I think that is an excellent idea.    Mr. EAGERTON. Well, the CFPB qualified mortgage rule, that basically hampers our business. We are not real comfortable with that. I can remember 20 years ago making my first mortgage loan. Thinking back, that guy probably had a 45 percent DTI. I still see him every month. He makes his payment on time. No issues. I understand that there is some opposition at the table that says we may or may not be exempt, but that is a very wide line between us and the regulators. So I think that is part of it. And I also would like to see the CFPB have a five-person bipartisan panel as opposed to just one person.    Mr. EAGERTON. I agree with him 100 percent. And, you know, compliance is just, really, the pendulum has swung way too far for our institution. We do not have a three-ring binder, but what we have is we have a boardroom. And so I will assign three staff members to go in and look at the Dodd-Frank Act. They come out a week later and they go, ``Here is a stack.'' It is 800 pages. I am sure you have seen it. But, ``Here is a stack that is going to affect our institution and this is what we need to do about it.''    So during that time, understand that I have a staff of basically 20 people. Okay? So for that week, they are basically out of commission. And then they are going to come back with a plan of action of what we are going to do. I really feel like we are getting away from helping people and making sure that we make the loans that Washington agrees with. And I think that needs to change.