    Mr. Moffett. Thank you, members of the subcommittee, for your kind invitation to participate in today's hearing.    By way of introduction, I have been a financial analyst focusing on the cable and telecommunications industries for the past 14 years. Before that, I spent 11 years at the Boston Consulting Group advising telecommunications companies, so this is now my 25th year in the sector, and I have spent much of that career focused on issues of broadband deployment and microeconomics.    With that in mind, I thought I would share some general observations today about the economics of broadband, particularly focusing on the economics of competitive broadband.    First, I would start by saying the obvious. Infrastructure deployment requires the expectation of a healthy return on capital. That should be taken as a given but all too often in my experience, the issue of return on capital is either ignored or misunderstood in policy forums. It is not a matter of whether a business is or isn't profitable; it is instead a matter of whether a business is sufficiently profitable to warrant the high levels of capital investment required for the deployment of infrastructure.    With that in mind, in 2014, the largest companies in the cable industry earned a very healthy return. The physical assets of Comcast, Time Warner Cable, Charter, and Cablevision, the four publicly traded U.S. cable operators during 2014, all earned healthy returns in excess of their cost of capital with returns ranging from 13 to 33 percent. Those returns are unusually high for a capital-intensive industry. On the other hand, it should be noted that the cable industry earned returns below the cost of capital for decades. Any long-term return on network infrastructure has to earn returns well in excess of the cost of capital during the maturity of that network to offset what were typically years or even decades of losses.    By contrast, large incumbent telephone companies do not earn attractive returns on their wireline businesses. For example, a decade after first undertaking their FiOS fiber to the home buildout to 18 million homes, Verizon has not yet come close to earning a return in excess of their cost of capital. In 2014, their aggregate wired infrastructure business earned a paltry 1.2 percent return against a cost of capital of 5 percent. For the nonfinancial types in the room, that is the equivalent of borrowing money at 5 percent interest in order to earn 1 percent interest. That is a good way to go bankrupt. No one would undertake to replicate those disastrous financial returns.    AT&T, which at around the same time began deploying a much less robust and therefore less costly fiber to the node network has also earned poor returns. Their ROIC, or return on invested capital, has been declining for a decade and is like Verizon well below the cost of capital. AT&T is committed to the FCC to make fiber available to a total of, I know believe it is 12 \1/2\ million homes as of what was reported last night to their footprint in order to make their acquisition of DIRECTV more palpable to policymakers, but it is hard to be optimistic that they will do much better this time around.    That said, there have been some changes in the market that make deployment of competitive broadband networks less unattractive than they have been in the past. Corning has developed bendable fiber that has helped lower the labor cost of deployment. Google has popularized the concept of demand aggregation whereby communities pledge to subscribe to advanced network services before the network is built so that Google can target areas where the company has the best chance of earning an acceptable return, and while some critics would call that redlining as it typically means that broadband won't be built to the lower-income communities, it has been successful in boosting overall project returns, and you can think of it as a way of ensuring that all the children in the class really are above average.    Still, the broader takeaway here is that the returns to be had from overbuilding, that is, being the second or third broadband provider in a given market are generally poor.    So let that sink in for a moment. Simply stated, it means that market forces are unlikely to yield a fully competitive broadband market. Neither, by the way, does wireless appear to offer the promise of imminent competition for incumbent wired broadband providers. Wireless networks simply aren't engineered for the kind of sustained throughout required for wired broadband replacement services. And wireless networks, by the way, also generally earn relatively poor returns on capital. Returns for Verizon and AT&T are middling, and for Sprint and T-Mobile are very poor as a consequence of aggressive price competition in the wireless market. Neither is satellite broadband a compelling replacement for wired broadband in any but the most rural areas. Costs are high, and it is the nature of satellite connection that it has to travel 22,000 miles and back such that latency is going to be a problem.    So the simple economic reality is that overbuilding is necessarily going to be somewhat limited, given relatively poor financial returns that can be expected, and that alternatives are far and few between. That naturally gives rise to the impulse among some to regulate incumbent networks that are already there. That is, it is a not unreasonable assumption that any attempts to foster competition will ultimately be unsuccessful and that regulation of incumbents, in this case, the cable operators, is therefore required.    The counterargument, that regulation will only stifle investment among incumbent providers and will therefore make the problem worse and will in the process generate unwelcome, unintended consequences is equally well intentioned and unfortunately is equally well supported by the historical evidence. That is to say there are no easy answers here.    I will conclude only by adding a few additional observations about the cable industry. As everyone understands, the cable video business is facing unprecedented pressure. Cord-cutting has been talked about for years but is finally starting to show up in a meaningful way in the numbers, and soaring programming costs are eating away at video profit margins. From a cable operator's perspective, the video business and the broadband business are opposite sides of the same coin. It is, after all, all one infrastructure. Pressure on the video profit pool will therefore naturally trigger a pricing response in broadband where cable operators have cable leverage. That may sound nefarious but it's not intended to be so. It is simply an observation that cable operators have historically benefited from the fact that their infrastructure can support two separate businesses and each can be delivered at a lower cost than if that were not the case. The ACA, or American Cable Association, has made this case eloquently in arguing that absent reforms to restrain runaway programming cost growth, video will be unprofitable and broadband will be left to carry the entire burden of incremental deployment. All else being equal, that will mean that even new builds of broadband will become increasingly economically challenged and therefore will become less and less likely, or as I am quick to add, this is my own editorial rather than ACA's point, they will simply have to sharply raise the price of broadband. As an analyst, I would simply observe that the pressures in the video business are relatively broad-based and are attributable to more than just programming cost inflation and that this may therefore be an unavoidable scenario.    So I will leave my remarks there. If my remarks sound excessively gloomy, they are not meant to. The U.S. broadband infrastructure is the envy of the world notwithstanding my view that there are politicized and cherry-picked statistics that would suggest otherwise. It is simply the case that broadband is an infrastructure that is very difficult to support two of, and in some cases even one of, and I would submit that a clear-eyed acknowledgement of the microeconomics of the broadband business deserves or even demands a seat at the policy table.    So thank you, Mr. Chairman and subcommittee members, for your time and the opportunity to testify today.    Mr. Moffett. Well, I would certainly agree with Ms. Socia's comments that it is simply not realistic to think that those projects are going to be entirely self-funding in the more rural areas. That said, I think the targeting of the funds that are available, the Connect America funds, can be improved such that those funds are more carefully directed to new greenfield projects that really are bringing broadband to places that haven't been served in the past. There is always some controversy around whether an area is either partially served or sufficiently served.    Mr. Moffett. And then secondarily, I think it is also important that those Connect America funds be made available to all manner of companies so that there can be more competition of potential providers of those services.    Mr. Moffett. That is exactly correct.    Mr. Moffett. That is correct as well, yes.    Mr. Moffett. Thank you for the question. My observation would be, you are right, there are a very wide range of economic models, and it is a challenge because there is no near-term variable cost that dictates a cost-plus model and so you see a lot of companies experimenting with different prices, in part because they are trying to figure out what the quantity demanded will be at different prices.    The challenge--but obviously you tend to have lower prices where you have multiple competing networks and then again it raises the question of whether the providers are earning a sufficient return at the market share and the prices that they are charging. In many cases they are not. This is a very difficult area to do economic research, however, because you will find that there are a lot of the companies who have different motives rather than simply profitability of the network itself.    Mr. Moffett. Well, as I said earlier, I think there are opportunities in Connect America Funds and making those available to a wider range of companies for bringing broadband to rural areas, but there is an overarching question here, and it relates to the question that Ranking Member Eshoo asked earlier about where are the bright spots. If you think about this as a larger value chain of microeconomics from everything from the content companies and the internet providers to the infrastructure providers, where the bright spots are is very clearly outside of infrastructure. The apps developers and the content companies are actually earning extraordinary returns, and there is a very knee-jerk and familiar regulatory impulse to say let's try to protect the companies that are making very high returns from the ones that are making very low returns. As an economist, that is a very odd structure.