    Mr. Collins. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Thank you, Director, for being here, and I appreciate it. My father, as well as some of the others, my father was a Georgia State trooper for all his life, 30-plus years. So I appreciate your commitment to law enforcement and being a part.    I do have some quick questions that I wanted to go back on. One has to do with an advisory that was put on October 8 for dealing with credit cards and the chip issue here that was for consumer fraud, stated that new credit cards equipped with the microchip security technology were still vulnerable to identity theft and that the use of PIN authentication in addition to a chip would be a more secure way that consumers' transactions would be more simple, signature verification. However, within 24 hours that advisory was taken down and a few days later issued an advisory that no longer included the PINs.    Now, it's my understanding Canada, Australia, many other countries have encouraged the PIN authorization because it, frankly, has a lower fraud rate.    My question would be is, in light of that, does the FBI consider PIN as a more secure form of authentication over signature verification?    Mr. Collins. Okay. Well, let's talk about that a second, because many of the places that I go to you either swipe--they're older cards, you just swipe, like on a gas station, or you go into--I used to own a store. We had a swipe machine. Many of them now have the--and many of those even with a swipe machine have a number for debit cards which is already there for the PIN. I know now, I've just gotten broken into using the chip because my new cards have chips, so I slide them in. I'm still learning how to do this. But the keypad is right there above it.    I'm not sure I follow your answer there that the technology is not available. If the keypad is right there to input a number, why is the technology not available?    Mr. Collins. I'm just going on my own personal. And, look, my, Doug Collins, me going into the store and putting my card in. I've rarely found one that is just pure swipe with no keypad, I think. And I was just concerned, and if that's not right and if you want to go back and look into that.    I think the concern came among many that maybe there is also an issue because as a business owner myself, I paid different fees depending on how I did it, like if a consumer used a credit card versus a debit card. And I'm just wondering, could that have been an issue, because using the PIN typically is a different fee? Was that possibly taken into account as the reason for the removal of this and changed to say, well, it's not as worrisome as we first thought?    Mr. Collins. Well, it is. And it's like everything, there was a lot of times before debit card. I think the concern here is, as we deal in information security and everything else, is you're always trying to move toward the more secure atmosphere. That's my only concern. And by moving back on that, it seemed like, at least in my opinion, that we're saying, okay, there is a better way, but we're not going to encourage that, we're just going to let the, you know, let the status quo sort of stand. So it was just a question.    I do have a question. We hit ECPA earlier and the e-mail privacy, which I have a great interest in. One was said is basically the 180-day distinction in current law is something that we have talked about. You said that you use a warrant in all cases. It doesn't matter. Would you say that 30, you know, 30--and there's been statements 30 prosecutors, former judges, all say that requiring law enforcement to obtain a warrant from a court does not prevent law enforcement from doing its job. Would you agree with that, especially in light of this issue?    Mr. Collins. But in a general level, and also from your high standards as the FBI, I've always considered high standards, even the SEC, some of these agencies, that a warrant, whether they use it or not, they like it or not, I think from a law enforcement standpoint, from a concern standpoint, from a warrant standpoint, this is something that they could use that they could go through normal means in the investigation. I think that's the concern that many of us have.    There is time for other questions, the hacking issues with OPM and China. Just a quick question, from the FBI's perspective, have we actually traced that and say, yes, for a fact, that we confirm that Chinese hackers stole this data from the OPM?    Mr. Collins. Okay. And maybe we can get back on a different forum and discuss that, because like I said, that is a concern. We can't reward bad behavior, and I'm concerned that's what we're doing.    With that, Mr. Chairman, I yield back.