    Mr. Conyers. Thank you, Chairman Goodlatte. Your opening statement could be the basis of a hearing all of its own. And I appreciate your views.    Madam Attorney General, welcome to the House Judiciary Committee.    Nearly 7 months ago, after much delay in the Senate, you took over the Department of Justice with not one but two tours of duty at the U.S. Attorney for the Eastern District of New York. You are unquestionably the right leader at the right time for the important work of the Department of Justice.    Nowhere is your leadership more important than in national security. The attacks on Paris, France, leave no doubt that our most pressing mission, yours and ours, remains protecting the American people.    And, unfortunately, history shows that tragic events like these are followed by calls for drastic action. Already we have heard proposals to undo encryption, to roll back surveillance reform, and deport some of the most vulnerable among us. I urge restraint in these matters, Madam Attorney General. At this time, we have very little information about how the attacks were carried out.    Rather than use these events as an excuse to advance policies that otherwise betray our values, I urge the intelligence community, including the Department of Justice, to focus on the most effective tools in our toolbox: targeted surveillance, targeted investigation, and smart policing.    Back at home, you have cultivated strong relationships in the police community, but you are not afraid to call out bad behavior or to prosecute police officers when circumstances warrant. That experience will prove invaluable as the Department, along with this Committee, takes its next steps on criminal justice reform.    Under your leadership, the Civil Rights Division continues its work with police departments around the country to ensure that State and local policing practices comport with the Constitution.    The Office of Juvenile Justice is also working hard to disrupt what you've called the cycle of criminality and incarceration. I commend you for your work on this front, and I look forward to our partnership as this Committee moves forward with its own package of criminal justice reforms.    Another area where we look to you for leadership is enforcement of voting rights. Earlier this year, observing the 50th anniversary of the Voting Rights Act, you remarked, ``It is the lesson of every generation that the price of freedom is constant vigilance. Because opponents of free and fair access to the voting booth have neither retreated nor surrendered.''    The unfortunate truth of that statement plays out across the country today, no place more vividly than in the State of Alabama, where officials plan to close 31 driver's license offices across the State, including those in every county in which African-Americans make up more than 75 percent of registered voters. Coupled with Alabama's strict new voter ID law, these closings will make it even harder for many citizens to obtain the identification now required to cast a vote.    The discriminatory impact of this plan plays out in other ways too. Imagine having to drive hundreds of miles across rural Alabama to renew your driver's license. We know that this burden will weigh heaviest on the State's poorest citizens.    Borrowing again from your words, ``It is incumbent on all of us to stand up, to speak out, and to make clear that no end is worth the means of disenfranchisement, no small-minded policy is worth the cheapening of our democracy.''    Finally, Madam Attorney General, I want to comment on the virtue of your being a new leader at the Department of Justice ready to make a fresh start with this Committee. Today, you will hear questions, no doubt, about Benghazi, Planned Parenthood, Solyndra, Operation Fast and Furious, and Lois Lerner at the IRS. These are not matters that affect a whole lot of our constituents, but you will hear questions about them and comments anyway. My advice to you--that you don't need--is stick to the facts and the law, and you'll be fine.    We know that some Members are displeased with the outcome of the Department's investigation into the Lois Lerner matter, but we also know that your investigators were as thorough as can be. They conducted over 100 interviews, collected more than 1 million pages of documents, and closely analyzed almost 500 applications for tax-exempt status.    Some Members may wish your predecessor had appointed a special counsel to investigate the matter, but both the plain text of the applicable regulations and the congressional research tell us otherwise. The facts of the case did not involve senior Administration officials. They did not present a conflict of interest to the Department of Justice. And so the appointment of a special counsel was simply not appropriate in this matter.    Too often, your predecessor, who I still admire, found himself the target of personal insults in this Committee and elsewhere. And I like to think that all of us in this room and on this Committee regret the frequent attacks on his character or at least realize that those attacks were almost entirely unproductive.    We have a chance to start over today. We can do better. Progressives and conservatives, Congress and the Administration, there is so much common ground between us to be explored, particularly in the work of the Department of Justice. And so I am so glad that you're here with us today, and I look forward to your testimony.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Conyers. Thank you very much, Chairman Goodlatte.    Attorney General Lynch, I want to thank you again for speaking at my panel at this year's Congressional Black Caucus Legislative Forum. It was marvelous.    At that event, you spoke about the breakdown in trust between law enforcement and the communities they serve. You also spoke about getting to the root of the problem with a comprehensive approach to training, to policy, and to research.    Many of the law enforcement officers in attendance agreed with your comments. How are you planning on reaching out to the broader law enforcement community to promote these ideas?    Attorney General Lynch. Thank you, Congressman Conyers.    This is, in fact, one of my top priorities as Attorney General. And I'm incredibly proud to say that the Department of Justice has already begun the type of outreach that I was discussing at that particular event.    Through our COPS Office, in particular, the Community-Oriented Policing Service Office, we reach out directly to police departments across the country and offer technical assistance, we offer training, we offer peer-to-peer support.    We have found that an incredibly effective way to share information within the law enforcement community is peer-to-peer, police-officer-to-police-officer, chief-to-chief. And so we work with the departments that have, in fact, made great strides in the area of police-community relations and seek to match them up with other departments who are having challenges in this area and who would be receptive to their input.    I also, as I noted in my opening statement, have been on a six-city community policing tour. And as I talk with residents, with young people, elected leaders, I also talk with police officers. I do meet with chiefs and supervisors, but I also talk to the rank-and-file, the officers who are on the beats of our cities, to get their ideas as to what has worked in their city, as to why a positive relationship has developed in the cities where they have had challenges and where they have had struggles.    I have listened to their stories of commitment and dedication and to their embrace of community policing and concern for residents as a program and policy that makes policing more efficient and that makes communities safer. And I'm incredibly proud to support those efforts.    Mr. Conyers. Thank you.    In recent weeks, there have been some suggestions, some from within your department, that our dialogue on these issues have somehow reduced the willingness of some police officers to perform their duties.    I know of no real evidence to substantiate this claim, but, in your opinion, does that conversation about civil rights and the appropriate use of force by police somehow make us less safe?    Attorney General Lynch. Mr. Congressman, our discussion about civil rights and the appropriate use of force and all police tactics can only serve to make all of us, the community members and police officers, safer.    In my discussions with police officers around the country, I have found a positive engagement on these issues. I have found them to have some of the best thoughts and best practices to share with other departments on these issues--issues like the best practices for deescalation of certain situations, issues like the best practices for maintaining a relationship with community organizations and citizens councils, issues on police safety. They've provided us valuable input in our program, such as providing bulletproof vests, body-worn cameras. They are focusing on the best ways to use these new technologies.    So, while certainly there may be anecdotal evidence there, as all have noted, there's no data to support it. And what I have seen in my travels across this country is the dedication, the commitment, and the resolve of our brave men and women in law enforcement to improving policing, to embracing the 21st-Century Task Force recommendations, and to continuing to have a dialogue that makes our country safer for all.    Mr. Conyers. Thank you.    The State of Alabama's plan to close 31 driver's license offices demonstrates how one policy decision can have wide-ranging discriminatory effects. The media's picked up on this. And this will make it harder for citizens of these rural counties to vote.    And I'm just as concerned about the discriminatory economic effects of this decision, which will fall hardest on rural, poor, and African-American communities. I imagine a Black farmer driving hundreds of miles across rural Alabama to renew an expired driver's license. And, on this Committee, we know what might happen to such a young man.    What tools does the Department have to combat discrimination in all of the ways it manifests itself? And how are you going to be using these tools in this case?    Attorney General Lynch. Thank you, Congressman.    With respect to the Department's enforcement of our various civil rights statutes, it is certainly robust and will continue to be so. While we no longer have the advantage of the preclearance provisions that were in the Voting Rights Act, we still have significant provisions of the Voting Rights Act that allow us to review actions and decisions taken, albeit after the fact, to determine whether there has been either a discriminatory intent or, as is very often the case, a discriminatory result.    We can engage in negotiation and conversations. Many times, we do that before we even move to litigation in an attempt to reason with or have a discussion with entities that are making significant changes. And often those discussions are very productive. I was pleased to see that, after discussions with Members of Congress, the State of Alabama may be making some modifications to those changes. And, certainly, those types of discussions are an efficient way to bring about change and raise these important issues.    But I will reiterate, Congressman, that the Department of Justice is committed to enforcing the civil rights laws that we do have on the books. And we are committed to a vigorous review of matters that are brought to our attention and will ensure full and fair and efficient review of those matters and take the action that is appropriate.    Mr. Conyers. Thank you so much.    Last question. More than 30,000 people die from gun violence in this country every year. What can this Committee, the Committee on the Judiciary, right now do that would save at least some of those lives?    Attorney General Lynch. Well, Mr. Congressman, I think there is a significant debate and discussion going on as to how to best save lives in that situation. And I think that all voices are necessary in that debate and discussion.    And, certainly, if Congress were to consider new laws, I'm sure this Committee would be deeply involved in discussions. And that is, of course, up to Congress as part of your purview, and the Department would be happy to work with you with regard to that.    I think that we also have to look at the root causes of the violence. As I indicated in a response to an earlier question, just last month I convened a summit on violence of several of the leaders of our major cities--police chiefs and mayors, as well as police executives. And what the Department is doing is looking for ways to identify the root causes of so much of the violence that we are seeing.    Even as violence is at historic lows nationwide, we still have some communities that struggle with this issue. In some instances, it is gun violence. In some instances, we see an increase in drug use--methamphetamines, heroin, opioids. And so we are trying to find our best ways to focus our resources there.    Just yesterday, I met with representatives from the National Conference of Mayors and had discussions on these very issues, about the differences that all communities present and the need to have a full and robust discussion about these issues.    Mr. Conyers. Thank you so much for your testimony and your views.    Attorney General Lynch. Thank you, sir.