    Dr. Parmentola. Good morning. Thank you, Chairman Weber, Ranking Member Grayson, and other members of the Subcommittee for holding this hearing on this important subject. I believe, as many others do, that it is important to the future of national security, energy security, and environmental quality of the United States that ample supplies of competitively priced nuclear energy are available.    Unfortunately, it appears that nuclear energy is dying in the U.S. There are few new plants being built, several have closed recently, and most of the 99 existing plants will be closed down within the next 40 years. To place this in context, last year nuclear was 20 percent of the electricity consumed by Americans, who paid 80 billion for it. We believe this death spiral can be avoided, but it'll require active involvement by the U.S. Government.    The energy market is indicating that existing nuclear power technology is not commercially viable. For nuclear power to play any future role, the U.S. will need new safer nuclear power technologies that will produce significantly cheaper electricity. However, the private sector will not be able to develop this on its own. The investments required are very large, they are risky, and, in any event, will take more than a decade before they might yield any revenue from electricity production, and even longer to yield any profit. As these new options are developed, and private firms begin to see their way to risk reduction and making profits, private investment will increase, the government will be able to withdraw, and the market will decide which would be commercially viable.    Let me now discuss GA's interest in a new advanced test reactor. We have a new reactor concept that needs a testing facility. We call it EM-2, and we designed it to address the four most prominent concerns with nuclear power, its safety, its cost, its waste, and its proliferation risk. We believe it is a potential breakthrough technology for the United States, however, research is required to realize it.    To develop EM-2, a compact gas cooled fast reactor, we looked at what physics indicates we must do. One, we must go to higher power densities through a compact reactor core using fast neutrons. Two, we must go to higher temperatures so a higher percentage of the heat produced is turned into electricity. By doing this, we can make the same amount of electricity in a smaller reactor, small enough that it could be made in a factory and shipped by truck to a site for deployment. We believe we could increase the efficiency of power production from percentages today, in the low 30s, to the lower 50s.    The bottom line is we believe that we could reduce the cost of electricity up to 40 percent below that of existing nuclear reactors, and reduce their waste by up to 80 percent. But to do this, we have to develop new materials what will be able to endure the higher temperatures, and endure the more energetic and neutron rich radiation environment inside the reactor. We need a new testing facility with high performance characteristics in which to do this research work. But there are also a number of other companies and national ads that are advocating the use of fast neutrons, and going to high temperatures, albeit with different advanced reactor designs. These also require a new testing facility that conduct tests in, say, three years that would show what happens to these materials in an actual advanced reactor during a period of 30 years.    It would not make business sense for any company, or even all interested companies together, to pay for the capital costs to construct such a facility, given the large investment, the risks, and the very long lead times involved for a return on investment. Currently there is no U.S. facility with the requisite high performance characteristics to do this type of research. The best we have are the advanced test reactor at Idaho National Laboratory, and the high flux isotope reactor at Oak Ridge, but neither of these is appropriate for a number of reasons. The best in the world is in Russia, BOR-60, but this is being shut down soon for other reasons.    In any event, it would seem odd to develop such a national security technology in Russia. Therefore, we suggest you consider building such a facility in the United States. It would be called the Versatile Advanced Test Reactor. It would be a highly neutron rich fast reactor capable also of producing thermal neutrons. We like versatile because it should be designed in such a way that it could be used to test all new reactor concepts, whether they involve molten salt, a liquid metal reactor, a liquid bismuth reactor, a gas reactor, or even light water reactor.    The Versatile Advanced Test Reactor would be a user facility in the same way that the DOE Office of Science managers other highly successful facilities. It would contribute to the public good by providing the development of future nuclear energy options. This is an excellent example of what the government should do because industry cannot, or will not, do it. The U.S. has a great opportunity to lead the world, and give nuclear power its best chance to become economically viable. This Committee could start by enacting a law calling for a study to be done, with industry participation, to determine a design for such a reactor, what its capabilities would be, and what it might cost. We believe that if the U.S. were to build such a test facility, it would be key to the development of nuclear reactors that really could spark a true renaissance of nuclear power in the United States.    Thank you for inviting me to share our views, and for your interest in finding ways to sustain an extremely important future energy source for our nation. Thank you.    Dr. Parmentola. Yes, sir.    Dr. Parmentola. Yes. First of all, currently there are companies that are spending R&D in trying to advance their advanced reactor designs. In the private sector, the amounts of money that go towards this, at least currently, relatively low. We focus mainly on the high risk issues that need to be reduced in order to make decisions about going forward. However, a large fraction of the issues that need to be addressed require a new test facility. Now, if such a test facility was built, this would enable the private sector to be able to go to these facilities, utilize more of its capital to be able to do the testing, and reduce the risk associated with realizing these advanced concepts.    As I said in my testimony, the type of reactor we're looking for is a high performance reactor. This would speed up testing, the productivity associated with what companies would do would go up, and it would enable us to be able to make decisions, rather significant decisions, about going forth and actually building these advanced reactors.    Dr. Parmentola. Yes, thank you for the question. And, actually, I brought some results of our work with me. This is a revolutionary new cladding. It's made from ceramic materials. These materials undergo a transition from solid to gas at about 2,600 degrees. They lose their strength at about 2,000 degrees Centigrade. I point out to people that the metal that exists in current light water reactors begins to lose strength at about 700, so this increases the safety margin by a factor of almost three.    Also, these materials even benefit a light water reactor, and we've developed them for our advance reactor. So there's another version of this that we're working on to make light water reactors meltdown-proof. Because this material does not react with water at any temperature, so you can't have the kind of runaway reactions that generate huge amounts of heat inside the reactor that melt the core. It's not possible with these materials.    So if we invest in materials like this, it has multiple benefits across a number of reactor designs. Of course, the one that we're most interested in is EM-2, and EM-2 has a certain unique characteristic to it in that it utilizes these materials, but what it does is it provides a high power small reactor, so you get more bang for your buck, in terms of the capital investment, and the output of the reactor. And at the same time, one that is inherently safe because of these materials that we're developing.    But these materials require significant amounts of testing to prove them out, so this way we can convince the Nuclear Regulatory Commission that these type of materials can actually make fission reactors safe. And that's the principle reason why we're pursuing this.    Dr. Parmentola. Yeah.    Dr. Parmentola. Yeah.    Dr. Parmentola. Exactly. So I have two types of cladding. This cladding here, the thin one, goes into light water reactors. The rods, these rods, are 14 feet tall. They go into the reactor, and they have fuel inside. This one is for EM-2, which is a totally different design. We pack more fuel in the core of EM-2 to increase its power density. But this material ensures safety.    Dr. Parmentola. Yes. Thank you very much for the question. So I can only tell you the way industry looks at cost sharing arrangements. Industry is very conservative. It has to do with the nature of what we do. We produce products, and we have to show a bottom line and a profit, so dollars we spend are very precious. What happens, in my experience, with cost share is that industry will look at it and take an opportunity to go with something low risk, and take advantage of the fact that the government is willing to provide a cost share for it. And what this does is it reduces innovation, in my opinion, because what we need in industry is more risk taking. Of course, the national labs undertake risk taking, but if we're going to try to advance technology, and get it into the commercial world, industry has to also undertake risk taking.    So, in my opinion, over 40 years of being involved in the research and development in this nation, what matters the most, in terms of high quality R&D, is competition, and being able to challenge the community. And by the community I just don't mean universities, I mean national labs and industry, to undertake high risk, high payoff research. The way to do that is to adopt standards, very high standards, and also goals--technical goals that challenge the community and allow industry to compete. And I think, without a cost share, you're likely to drive industry towards more risk taking than less risk taking. And it's really up to the agencies to do this. They have to take charge of this and actually meet the standards that are required.    Dr. Parmentola. I can only talk about how General Atomics has tried to address the issue that you're raising. We've looked at basic physics to tell us what we need to do in order to be able to improve the price point of electricity. Of course, it's tied to financial models, but when you look at the financial models, the financial models tell you a story.    So, for example, the biggest driver for costs is the cost of capital, which has to do with the risk premium associated with what you're doing. And so we thought about that. What we need to do there is change the paradigm as to how we fabricate, manufacture, assemble, and deploy nuclear reactors, okay?    The next most important, which is physics-based, is efficiency. And we carefully looked at this, and we tried to look at how we could increase the efficiency of a nuclear reactor, and we've come up with a design that indicates that we could get over 50 percent efficiency, which is 20 percentage points above what we can do today. And I'll remind people that for every percentage improvement in efficiency, that adds a half a billion dollars to the bottom line over 30 years. So you're talking about $10 billion more in the pocket of a utility who's selling electricity.    Dr. Parmentola. Correct.    Dr. Parmentola. Right, and that's the reason why you have to go to new materials----    Dr. Parmentola. --because the materials can't deal with it, but this is fundamental research that we have to do. And, of course, the government should be sponsoring that type of high risk research because the payoff can be tremendous.    And so the next one is capital costs, right? And, of course, what you want to do is try to reduce the capital costs. The thought is, well, if you make reactors smaller, you can reduce the material costs, but you have to have enough power output to compensate, right, for the reduction in size. So that, again, drives to a higher temperature, more--higher power density, and so on.    The physics tells you what to do, and that translates into the financial model. Then, of course, it's a matter of achieving the technical goals through research that you need to achieve in order to be able to get there. And that's really what--a facility that we're advocating, this new type of test facility, user facility. We do. In that user facility, we create competition, natural competition amongst those who are trying to achieve these advanced reactors. And, to me, that's the best way of sorting out which ones are going to survive, and which ones are not.    Dr. Parmentola. Just so you understand, the--General Atomics is in the uranium mining business. We have uranium mines----    Dr. Parmentola. --in the United States, as well as overseas, you know.    Dr. Parmentola. So--and my boss is a very astute businessman, so he's in that business for a reason. And while, of course, with Fukushima, we saw a decline in the use of uranium in Japan, Germany has got out of the nuclear reactor business, Switzerland has sort of followed suit, the demand for uranium obviously has gone down, but I can tell you that there have been new deposits found, abundant ones, in Australia. With China surfacing as a major, major nuclear energy producer, they have the largest number of reactors on--in development now, 30, that'll be a lucrative business. India as well.    And I have to say, it's--with fast reactors, it's not just uranium that is a fuel. Thorium is also. And if you do an analysis of using both uranium and thorium as a source with fast reactors, that have a closed cycle, you have enough, based upon known reserves, including the waste, to last you 2,000 years. That's just known reserves. If I went and--into the ocean, there's more uranium in the ocean that there is on land.    Dr. Parmentola. Yeah, right, but there's a huge amount of uranium in the oceans. So the supply of uranium is--and even thorium is extremely large. I think it's great that a fuel is cheap, and that you can derive so much benefit out of it. It's great. Right now I can say to you tritium costs $100 million a kilogram. Right now, tritium, the known amount of tritium in the world, is $100 million a kilogram. So one of the challenges in fusion is to figure out a cost effective, economic way of producing it, so this way it can self-sustain itself.    Dr. Parmentola. In my opinion, what--we--no one has a crystal ball, in terms of what to expect in the future in regard to the abundance, or lack thereof, of resources that--we didn't expect natural gas to be so cheap. And, by the way, the U.S. Government invested 30 years ago, 40 years ago, in the fundamental technology that enabled fracking to produce this. So, from an energy security point of view, your best bet is to have as many energy options as possible, because we can't predict the future. And nuclear is a technology that can meet the requirements that people are asking for, in terms of the economics, the waste reduction, the proliferation risk, and the safety. There's nothing in the laws of physics that would prevent that.    What has happened, unfortunately to nuclear, it's been on the same technology for 60 years. If you look at any major technology that the U.S. has developed, and continues to develop, it's all been driven by research, and achieving performance, higher performance levels. Nuclear has not changed in 60 years. Its efficiency is back where it was, and we're using submarine technology that was designed, obviously, for submarines.    Any other major technology that I can think of has been driven by research and development and performance. Pick transportation, either ground or air. Pick communications. Look at the mobile devices we carry around with us. Look at computer technology. Computer technology has undergone five paradigm shifts in the last 100 years, all based upon an advancement in the fundamental technology to advance computing.    So nuclear stood still, and I think what Dr. Peters is talking about is the need for a research, and a research driven community. The nuclear community is not research driven, in my opinion, and I've been around research for 40 years. It's not. They want to build things. That isn't the way to develop new technology. You have to do research that drives. It's discovery first. Discovery drives invention, and invention drives innovation. That's the process. Right now, nuclear has remained stagnant because research is lacking. We haven't gone to higher performance technologies and materials to drive its performance. That's what's going to matter in the end.