    Mr. Pocan. Sure, thank you, Mr. Chairman. So, I have some questions for Dr. Lindsay, but I have to admit I am going to go real quick first too, if I can, Dr. Smith. Your concept intrigued me and I did find your website right away, by the way. The prices, it took one simple search. So, let me go back to--Mr. McDermott was talking about examples.    So, I worked at an auto parts manufacturer and my job got sent to Mexico. I have been out of work for a little while. I have got a torn rotator cuff. I call you guys up. But if I understand right from the other question, you do not take Medicaid or Medicare? So how does that individual access, if they do not have the savings to do that, how do they access your model?    Mr. Pocan. Okay, so, I do not mean these words wrong, but kind of survival of the fittest as opposed to someone who might actually need the service. They are going to have to go to other models then at that point. How about the example of the school teacher that Mr. McDermott started talking about? If they come in, now they have got insurance and the one thing I did see also on your site is this little asterisk after every price and there is a disclaimer. It says, ``Note if you are scheduled for surgery at our facility and we are filing insurance for you, the prices listed on this website do not apply to you.'' So what does that mean?    Mr. Pocan. What happens to the price for that individual? Because it says, ``Those prices do not apply to you.'' What do you do to the price?    Mr. Pocan. So if you have insurance it says, ``These prices do not apply to you,'' what does that mean for that individual?    Mr. Pocan. Okay, I think that answers my question. Thank you very much.    Mr. Pocan. No, no problem. So, Dr. Lindsay, so one of the questions that came from Mr. Cole about the State support and I agree, I have seen that happen in Wisconsin and across the country, in 2008 in the crash. There was an article in the New York Times a couple of years back. Most States have started putting some money in. States like Wisconsin have unfortunately not yet. But that has made tuition go up and that is one of the bigger drivers.    You said you thought it was financial aid, but I am looking at a report from the Institute for College Access and Success and they say specifically, if I could just read this, ``A number of the Nation's most respected experts in higher education public policy have reviewed the research and found no convincing causal relationship between Federal aid and college prices.'' What are you referencing that is different?    Mr. Pocan. Okay, so I think I got it, this study versus a 30-year-old comment from Dr. Bennett.    Mr. Pocan. So there is no academic organization or institution that has information that says there is a link to tuition and financial aid. Just a yes or no.    Mr. Pocan. I have a few more questions.    Mr. Pocan. I will take that as a no. So let me ask you a question again about the lack of support. So when you look at public versus private institutions, especially you have seen all the stuff we have had with some of these private colleges for profit that 90 percent of their money is coming from the Federal Government or more. Is there a difference in distinction you see in that model versus the public institution model and other private college models?    Mr. Pocan. Got it. In the last 42 seconds I think I have left, so one of the things that we have been looking at is trying to make it less expensive for students. They do not have to have so much in debt. You know, one of the things we have said is refinancing student loans. You know, you have these weird rates that are out there. But upfront, an idea that if you increase financial aid through work studies the average student might work 10 or 15 hours a week relive the university of some of those costs of that work and then do the university, and then get that as the financial aid. So they essentially can leave with no debt out of a 4 year program. What is your quick opinion on that?