    Mr. Hice. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Professor Kent, you made the comment earlier, and I just want to clarify, that in your opinion this bill is constitutional, correct?    Mr. Hice. Is there any constitutional precedent where this has, or something similar has, taken place in the past with another territory?    Mr. Hice. OK. We are also being told, just to carry this line of thought a little further, that what is happening and what is being proposed here, constitutionally, with Puerto Rico does not set a precedent for states or cities. Out of curiosity, does anyone know, of the other U.S. territories, are any of them in any financial problem?    Mr. Hice. OK. But there is potential that we could be facing this with some other territories at some point?    Mr. Hice. I understand that. But my question is, are we going to be running down this path? Once we set a precedent here in Puerto Rico, are we going to be running down this at some point elsewhere?    Mr. Hice. OK. Let me go on a little bit further, and, Professor Kent, I will stay with you, I think, for this question. Municipal bondholders who have a particular interest in Puerto Rico probably are in every district represented in this committee and in Congress, for that matter, and probably senior citizens are most affected by that. This bill clearly has Congress changing the rules after they have purchased an investment. Is it your belief, is it your testimony, that Congress has the constitutional authority to change the rules after the fact on municipal bondholders or anyone else?    Mr. Hice. I understand that case here. But you are saying constitutionally Congress has the authorization to come in after the fact and change the rules of the game of investors?    Mr. Hice. I understand the process. I am asking constitutionally.    Mr. Hice. I would like an answer from you in writing, if you can, where in the Constitution that would be found.    Let he hit my final thought here. Yes or no, Mr. Weiss. Let me just ask you this: Is it problematic at all that the oversight board has no one representing the bond market on the oversight?    Mr. Hice. OK. Last question. Thank you.    Mayor, you have had experience with this, both on the board in DC and as mayor. The tax incentives, there have been changes recently. All have resulted in declining jobs. What tax incentives need to take place? And I would really like to hear from Mr. Johnson as well on this, your suggestion as to what tax incentives need to be in place.    Mr. Hice. Could I get your answer in writing here, Mr. Johnson, if you would, please? If I could have that, I would appreciate it.    Thank you. I yield back.