    Mr. Doran. Chairman Royce, Ranking Member Engel, members of the committee, thank you for inviting me today to discuss the strategic implications of the nuclear negotiations with Iran. With your permission, I will focus my remarks on the perceptions of America's Middle Eastern allies.    For decades, our partners in the region have been divided among themselves on many consequential issues. But on one point they have all agreed: The importance of the United States as the guarantor of the regional order. They have also traditionally assumed that a primary duty of the guarantor was to orchestrate the containment of the Islamic Republic of Iran.    However, President Obama's pursuit of the nuclear accord has convinced our allies that he has shed that duty. None of them believe that he has any inclination to contain the expansionist Iran. And some of them even fear that he supports Iran's ascendancy.    Of course, the President is well acquainted with these fears. In recent months, therefore, he and his staff have labored intensively to convince the allies that the nuclear accord is, in fact, consistent with their defense needs. The Gulf Cooperation Council Summit at Camp David in May was a prime example of these efforts. Our allies, however, have found the administration's arguments utterly unpersuasive.    Mr. Chairman, it is my intention here to do three things: To sketch some of the key concerns of our allies; to describe some of the arguments that the administration has made to meet those concerns; and then to explain why those arguments fall flat.    Our Middle Eastern allies passed judgment on the Iran deal a long time ago. It is in their eyes a very bad deal. Israeli Prime Minister Bejamin Netanyahu has been uniquely vocal in expressing his disapproval. But his view is widely shared by his neighbors who, like Netanyahu, feel abandoned and betrayed by the United States. In my written testimony, I go into greater detail about the sources of those feelings. For the purpose of brevity here, suffice it to say that over the course of the nuclear negotiations, the allies have seen U.S. relations with Iran become increasingly friendly. They are certainly disturbed by President Obama's willingness to bless Iran as a nuclear threshold state. But they are equally unnerved by the lack of concern that he has demonstrated as Iran has flexed its muscles in Syria, Iraq, and Yemen. When viewed from capitals, such as Riyadh and Jerusalem, it appears that there is a hidden price to the nuclear deal, a price that will be paid by the allies more than anyone else.    The United States appears to be tacitly recognizing an Iranian sphere of interest in Iraq, Syria, and Lebanon. Indeed, Washington has at times even publicly approved of Iran's expansionism. When, for example, Secretary of State John Kerry characterized Iranian combat sorties in Iraq as ``a good thing,'' his words were greeted with shock and anger throughout the Gulf. Israeli Defense Minister Moshe Ya'alon thus spoke for all of America's allies last week when he lamented that the United States now sees Iran as part of the solution, not the problem.    Of course, President Obama is well aware of the fears that his policies are generating. And he and his advisers have crafted a number of arguments to quell them. These arguments, which my written testimony covers in some detail, all work in support of a simple thesis, that the comprehensive nuclear agreement with Iran will not undermine an American commitment to the allies' security. In fact, the administration is now claiming the deal can function as the first step in a new comprehensive regional strategy. The Camp David Summit, so the story goes, laid the groundwork for a new strategic partnership with the GCC states, a partnership that will speed arms transfers and increase cooperation on counterterrorism, ballistic missiles, and a host of other cooperative security ventures.    In truth, America's Gulf allies have no confidence that President Obama will actually deliver on what they consider to be their vital needs. They are intensely aware that his understanding of the phrase ``Iran containment'' and their understanding of the phrase are entirely different. What they desire from the United States is a policy of rollback, a set of initiatives designed to drive Iran from Syria and Yemen, to challenge Hezbollah's monopoly over politics in Lebanon, and to weaken the role of Shiite militias in Iraq. They want the United States to lead a regional security system that will counter the Revolutionary Guard Corps at its favored game, subversion.    By contrast, President Obama is offering tools and initiatives that will help the GCC states maintain stability at home and mount a collective defense against a conventional attack from Iran. The America approach, in other words, simply does not meet the threat as the allies actually experience it. In their eyes, President Obama is like a doctor who is prescribing heart medicine to a cancer patient.    At the close of the GCC summit, President Obama went out of his way to make sure that his approach to containment would not be misunderstood. I want to be very clear, he said, the purpose of security cooperation is not to perpetuate any long-term confrontation with Iran or even to marginalize Iran.    Our allies got the President's message loud and clear: The United States is out of the business of Iran containment as it has been understood in Washington for the last 36 years.    Unlike the Israelis, our Gulf allies have chosen not to advertise their sense of abandonment and betrayal. Instead, they have chosen simply to go their own way, quietly. For example, Riyadh organized a coalition of Sunni allies that intervened in Yemen in order to counter the Iranian-backed Houthi rebels in that country. But the intervention was also meant to send a message to President Obama: If you won't organize the region to contain Iran, we will.    To drive home the point, the Saudis gave Washington only an hour's notice before their intervention began. The Saudis and their closest allies will remain dedicated to contesting Obama's policies, albeit quietly. And they will continue to fight back against Iran and its proxies in Yemen, Syria, and Iraq.    Meanwhile, the Iranians, flush with cash from the nuclear deal, with grow bolder and richer and more prone to intervention. The President's Iran policy, therefore, will deliver disequilibrium to the Middle East, the exact opposite of what the administration is claiming.    Thank you again for inviting me to testify. It is an honor to speak before this committee on such a consequential topic.    Mr. Doran. I think to believe this claim that it is going to go to butter and not guns is to discount everything that the Iranians have said and done over the last 36 years. And I can't think of any other endeavor of human prediction where we would say everything they did until yesterday has no relevance to what we think they are going to do, they are going to do tomorrow.    In addition to the concerns that you raise, personally, I am also very concerned about the ability of the Iranians to prop up the Assad regime. It wasn't that long ago that we thought the Assad regime might be toppled. And the greatest factor that changed the balance of power on the ground in favor of the Assad regime or that gave it a new lease on life was the Iranian intervention, direct intervention from Iranians themselves and also the sending of Iraqi militias trained in Iran.    Mr. Doran. I was in the Bush White House in 2007. And I agree with you that there is blame to go around. But I would like to share with you some of the thinking at the time, what we thought we were doing.    We looked at it as a disaster if the President got to a point where he was faced with the stark choice of either bombing Iran or Iran getting a bomb. And we were trying to create a third option, which was, I would say, coercive diplomacy. And it was with those thoughts in mind that we constructed, on the back of Stuart Levy's insights, the sanctions regime.    And I think that strategy came to fruition in 2012, 2013, especially with the central bank sanctions, which really did start to bite, and you started to see very severe concern in Iran about this. And, unfortunately, President Obama didn't have a coercive diplomacy approach to the question. And as Chairman Royce mentioned, when the regime was actually on the ropes, we let them up and made a massive concession to them in the form of a deal that included this sunset clause.    With the sunset clause, we have sent the world a message that we are no longer containing Iran, we are now managing its rise. And that has given rise to this--the rush that we see among the Europeans to go to prioritize their economic relations with Iran over the security concerns of the rest of us, that has actually been encouraged by the President's diplomacy.    Mr. Doran. If I could just add one point. One of the arguments that is being made--Ken didn't make that argument, but he was moving in that direction--is that a nuclear guarantee from the United States would solve the problem. And I think that that is just wrong, because when the Saudis look at the whole nuclear question, they are not simply trying to match Iranian capability in a symmetric fashion.    One of the reasons why the Saudis would want to bomb is in order to get leverage over the United States, because they no longer trust the United States. Similar to what the French did when they developed their own independent nuclear capability so that they could negotiate with NATO about NATO's security policy.    So the fact that we are willing to--first of all, I have doubts about our own willingness to actually extend the nuclear umbrella to the Saudis, but I don't believe that they would feel secure at all because of that.    Mr. Doran. I think that, as Steve pointed out, the Iranians keep reopening the issues. And we need to understand that behind that is their radical ideology of wanting to overturn the international system, which they regard as completely unjust. They don't ever feel bound--what I am trying to say is that their attitude toward this negotiation is indicative of a mindset where they don't feel bound by any commitment that they make to us because they feel that we represent an unjust system to begin with.    So I think that we can expect them to cheat at every opportunity. I think we can expect them to impede us at every opportunity. And I think that even if they came to this with good will, which they don't have, the system itself is one that is based on distrust and a coercive dictatorship. And so there isn't a culture of transparency and openness in it to begin with. We are being promised unprecedented openness and access and so on. The system itself just can't deliver that.    Mr. Doran. The Irish say Doran. I say Doran. So I go by either.    Mr. Doran. Yes.    Mr. Doran. I don't think that is true. And I also don't think that the--I also don't think that the alternative to this deal is necessarily war. And that is because of the point that Mike Makovsky made: Iran is a third-rate power and we are a superpower. And if we behave like a superpower, and we actually dedicate all instruments of national power toward a goal like preventing Iran from getting a nuclear weapon, it has an effect on the thinking of the Iranians.    I notice that when Prime Minister Netanyahu drew his red line, the Iranians were very careful to creep right up to it, but they never went over it. I suspect that if we made ourselves clear and we enhanced our credibility, that we would see that the Iranians would be much more circumspect. They are trumpeting their anti-Americanism right now because they know there is absolutely no consequence for it.    Mr. Doran. Absolutely.    Mr. Doran. Absolutely. You have to disapprove the deal. And we have to step back from the negotiations. We have to show the Iranians that we are willing to negotiate in a much more aggressive fashion. And we need to take care to pull our allies together. It really isn't true that the P5+1 is abandoning us, and if we don't make this deal, we have lost them. We are pushing them away from a sensible policy. I had in my institution a couple weeks ago a delegation of French politicians who came through, people who had traditionally been very tough on Iran. And they said, and this is a paraphrase, but they said: Basically, you guys have played us for suckers. You have put us in the position now, we who want to hold out for a better deal, you have put us in the position of angering President Obama by not following his lead on an accommodationist policy and losing the possibility of good economic contracts in Iran because we are going to be punished by the Iranians as well. We are at the back of the line for the contracts. And so they said what suckers we are. So they are shifting now because of our policy. What we need to do is define a red line and get the P5+1 behind it, especially our European allies, and then stick to it.    Mr. Doran. It is catastrophic. And I think we need to see already that the Russians are moving and see themselves in competition with us for Iran. This is a dimension of the thing that hasn't got much attention, which is that the, it is not just our allies that see us as tilting toward Iran, it is also the Russians as well. And the Russians would much prefer to have Iran in their sphere than in our sphere. So we can see them, I think, moving quite aggressively to establish a very strong military-to-military relationship with them.    There is another dimension of this thing as well that deserves note, and that is because of the sunset clause but also the very large amount of facilities that we are leaving in place, the fact that we are recognizing Iran as a threshold nuclear power. It means that the knife is never, we have never taken the knife away from our neck. So I think most people in the region, and I would include myself in this too, believe that the administration, without admitting it, is already making calculations, tradeoffs in their mind of not willing to challenge Iran in Syria and in Iraq and Iranian interests in those areas for fear that it will tank the nuclear negotiations. That calculation never goes away.    The administration wants us to believe, oh, we pocket, we get this agreement, this nuclear negotiation, good, bad, whatever you think of it, and then we move toward regional stability. It doesn't work that way because the minute we start to challenge them, say, with Assad, they will threaten to--they will threaten to pull out of the agreement on the nukes. And that is especially true because we have front-loaded it with so many goodies----    Mr. Doran. If I could just quickly, the administration wants the new economic relationship with Iran. Its calculation is that it wants to create a mutual dependency because that is the thing that ultimately is going to moderate the behavior.    Mr. Doran. They are not doing anything because they----    Mr. Doran . Because they want to relax the pressure.    Mr. Doran. I think we have already seen indications that they are moving away from, they are moving away from holding their feet to the fire on that issue. Whether they will actually move to delist, I don't know. But they will start to explain away behavior. And they will start to impute to the Iranians and even to the Revolutionary Guard intentions that they don't actually have like, for instance, building a multisectarian political system in Iraq.    Mr. Doran. I will make a very clear prediction, they will cheat. They are cheating already. It is in their DNA. If their lips move, they lie. There is absolute certainty they will cheat. And I also think it is a rational decision to cheat. They want to be at odds with the world. They want to, with the United States and the alliances.    Mr. Doran. It benefits them domestically. It benefits them internationally to be at odds.    Mr. Doran. But it is not that hard to imagine an American diplomacy--I agree with my colleagues on that point. I didn't want to suggest before that I think we should just slam the door, get up and walk away. We need to make a reasoned explanation as to why we are doing that. And we can do that very easily by just holding to some of the very reasonable proposals that we have made and that the Iranians have rejected.    Mr. Doran. I think it is because, I think the most important decision the President ever made about the Middle East, he made before he walked into the Oval Office, and that was that he was going to go down in history as the President who ended wars and didn't start them and that he was going to pull the United States back from the region generally.    And the minute you say that your strategic goal is to pull back, then you run into this problem of, well, what about Iran? Am I still in the Iran containment business? And what about this nuclear program? And it puts a priority on solving that issue so that you don't have to be immeshed in this region where the challenge really isn't worth the outcome, as President Obama sees it.    Mr. Doran. Yes.