    Mr. Katko. The Homeland Security Subcommittee on Transportation Security will come to order.    The subcommittee is meeting today to hear testimony on improving aviation worker vetting by TSA. I now recognize myself for an opening statement.    I would like to welcome everyone to today's hearing on how TSA can improve aviation worker vetting. Since the start of the Congress, my subcommittee has actively engaged and examined a number of alarming aspects relating to TSA's operations, policies, and procedures. Through hearings, oversight inquiries, and legislation, we have been working to get to the bottom of these issues and raise awareness of the urgent need to fix them. Recent revelations that the TSA cleared for employment individuals with potential ties to terrorism demonstrate the dire need for improved, streamlined procedures at TSA. The findings released by the Department of Homeland Security inspector general over the last few weeks are, indeed, alarming.    In May, the inspector general released a report that found that TSA did not have the appropriate controls in place to ensure that screening equipment has necessary maintenance work performed. A few weeks ago, news outlets reported test results showing that screeners failed to detect prohibited threat items 96 percent of the time. Just last week, we learned that 73 airport employees with potential ties to terrorism were issued credentials which allowed them to get access to secure areas of airports. These more recent findings come out on the heels of revelations earlier this year of security breaches by employees at major U.S. airports involving a Nation-wide gun-smuggling ring and an employee of the FAA bypassing security and flying with a loaded firearm using his SIDA badge.    More recently, we learned of a drug trafficking ring operating out of the airport in Oakland, California. All of these findings individually are concerning. In the aggregate, well, they just shake the public's confidence and only further demonstrate the need for steady leadership at TSA to work through the many issues that plague this agency.    This committee will continue to lead efforts to close security loopholes and ensure the continuing safety and security of our Nation's aviation system. The purpose of today's hearing is to thoroughly examine the identified security gaps highlighted in the most recent IG report about aviation worker vetting and find ways to improve the vetting process to ensure that these vulnerabilities are addressed and the American people can feel safe and secure when traveling.    Aviation workers are supposed to be thoroughly vetted due to their continuing access to sensitive areas of airports and the fact that they hold a position of trust within the transportation system. However, as the IG report has found so clearly, there are significant shortfalls in the vetting policies for aviation workers. For example, the IG found that TSA does not have access to all the data it may need to thoroughly check an aviation worker's potential ties to terrorism. However, what is even more alarming is that a memo was sent to the TSA administrator last year noting the need for additional information. TSA has still yet to resolve this gap a year later. The report also found that airports do not match the expiration date of an employee's credentials to the expiration of their legal work authorization in the United States.    Again, while TSA stated they are working to resolve these issues by the end of the calendar year, it raises serious concerns that this gap exists in the first place. Therefore, I have sponsored H.R. 2750, the Improved Security Vetting for Aviation Workers Act of 2015, which I introduced last week along with Chairman McCaul and Ranking Member Rice and Congressman Payne, to close these security gaps and ensure the safety and security of the transportation networks. The reality is in this post-9/11 world that the terrorist threat is metastasizing. We, as a Nation, must remain responsive to any holes in the security of our transportation systems and ensure that the protocols keep pace with the ever-evolving threat landscape.    Improving the vetting of the aviation workers who have access to these sensitive areas of airports can help close another back-door vulnerability at our Nation's airports. At today's hearing, we have representatives from the TSA, the DHS inspector general himself, and GAO to address how the recommendations highlighted in the report can be implemented, and what tools are needed to improve the security at our Nation's airports. I look forward to hearing their testimony and having a meaningful dialogue on how we can better protect this vital transportation mode and keep aviation safe and secure for the American people.    The Chair now recognizes the Ranking Minority Member of the subcommittee, the gentlelady from New York, Miss Rice, for any statement she may have.    Mr. Katko. Thank you, Miss Rice.    I know at least the Chairman of the Homeland Security full committee, Mr. McCaul, plans on coming here and making a statement. When he comes, we will give him an opportunity to do so. He is held up in another hearing. I will extend the same courtesy to Mr. Thompson if he shows up.    With respect to the other Members of the committee, I want to remind you that opening statements may be submitted for the record. We are pleased to have several distinguished witnesses before us today on this important topic. Let me remind the witnesses that their entire written statements will appear in our record.    Somebody that is well familiar to this committee and to Homeland Security as a whole is Mr. Roth. Welcome back. Thank you for your continuing good work, sir. Ms. Fitzmaurice, of TSA, thank you for being here. Ms. Grover, thank you for being here as well. I would like to hear from Mr. Roth with respect to his opening statement.    Mr. Katko. Thank you, Mr. Roth, for your continued professionalism in handling these matters. We appreciate you being here today of course.    Our second witness, Ms. Fitzmaurice, the deputy assistant administrator for TSA's Office of Intelligence and Analysis. Prior to her current role, Ms. Fitzmaurice served as division director for the Checkpoint Solutions and Integrity Division within TSA's Office of Security Capabilities. In this position, she led TSA's efforts to identify, acquire, and manage state-of-the-art technologies and capabilities that screen passengers at U.S. airports. Prior to beginning her Federal career, Ms. Fitzmaurice held management positions with Airline Reporting Corporation, U.S. Airways, and Trans State Airlines. The Chair now recognizes Ms. Fitzmaurice to testify.    Mr. Katko. Thank you, Ms. Fitzmaurice, for your testimony.    Our third witness is Ms. Jenny Grover, director of the Homeland Security and Justice Team at the Government Accountability Office. Her portfolio includes GAO reviews of TSA and Coast Guard programs and operations. Ms. Grover joined the GAO in 1991. The Chair now recognizes her to testify.    Mr. Katko. Thank you, Ms. Grover.    The Chair now recognizes the Chairman of the full Homeland Security Committee, the gentleman from Texas, Mr. McCaul, for any statement he may have.    Mr. Katko. Thank you very much, Chairman McCaul.    I now recognize myself for 5 minutes to ask questions. I will start with Mr. Roth. Briefly summarizing your findings in your report and the recommendations, you recommend basically four broad categories of recommendations. I just want to make sure I got them right here. No. 1, TSA should request and review additional watch list data, is that correct?    Mr. Katko. No. 2, that they require that airports improve verification of applicants' rights to work, correct?    Mr. Katko. No. 3, that they revoke credentials when the right to work expires?    Mr. Katko. No. 4, to improve the quality of vetting data, is that correct?    Mr. Katko. All right. Ms. Fitzmaurice, does TSA agree with all those recommendations?    Mr. Katko. All right. I want to focus on requesting and reviewing additional watch list data first. I will start with Mr. Roth briefly. Could you tell me, you mentioned during your testimony that about 900,000 individuals, employees Nation-wide were run through that National Counterterrorism Center's TIDE database, is that correct?    Mr. Katko. All right. How onerous a task was it to do that?    Mr. Katko. Okay. So the mechanical of checking against a database, once those hurdles are cleared, is relatively easy?    Mr. Katko. So if we can fix these hurdles, it should be a relatively easy task to have this vetting going through the database on a regular basis?    Mr. Katko. All right. Thank you. Ms. Fitzmaurice, a couple questions for you. I would like to know when TSA first became aware of this problem with respect to not getting appropriate codes to run names through the database.    I know from at least May 2014, there was a memo to Administrator Pistole advising that they needed additional codes from TIDE for employee screening, is that correct?    Mr. Katko. All right. To your knowledge, is that when the administrator first became aware of this being a problem?    Mr. Katko. Okay. So May 2014, at least, the administrator, the head of TSA was aware of the fact that they may not be, they were getting incomplete data regarding employees and that that may affect whether individuals with terrorist ties are working at airports across this country, is that right?    Mr. Katko. Understood. But the fact remains that there was at least 73 individuals that had potential ties to terrorism that were not identified because you did not have the appropriate information, is that correct?    Mr. Katko. Who made that determination?    Mr. Katko. Did anybody from outside TSA share in making that determination?    Mr. Katko. Did you do that?    Mr. Katko. So the question is clear, with respect to these 73 individuals that have potential ties to terrorism according to the TIDE database, TSA has made their own independent determination that they don't pose a threat?    Mr. Katko. I just want to make sure you are answering the question. Just a brief yes or no. Did you consult with people outside of TSA before you made the ultimate determination that these 73 individuals who are on the TIDE database don't pose any threat to TSA? Did you consult with outside people, yes or no?    Mr. Katko. Okay. Okay. I take it that is something we can see in a secured setting, the information regarding that?    Mr. Katko. More importantly, this has raised a concern, of course, about a gap in, the biggest concern I have is the amount of time it takes, once a concern is raised with TSA, until the time when TSA actually acts upon it. So I guess from a guideline standpoint, we have May 2014 is when the information was brought to Administrator Pistole, correct?    Mr. Katko. What did TSA do after that to try and fix this problem? Okay, I know as of today, a year later, the problem has not been fixed. So tell us what you have been doing in the mean time?    Mr. Katko. With all due respect, when you say requesting to expedite this process, it has been a year, right? It has been a year. You realize that what could be a potentially serious security gap, an obvious security gap. It has been a year. That doesn't sound like it is being expedited.    Mr. Katko. When you say very hard, what does that mean?    Mr. Katko. Because, you know, quite frankly, with respect to employee screening at airports, we have had this problem since 2011. We are still talking about problems with employee screening at airports 4 years later. We hear the same thing from TSA all the time, we are working on it. Well, with all due respect, and I know you are just the person here filling in for someone who is unavailable, but that is not acceptable.    You have the Nation's security in your hands, this agency does. To sit there and give us a bureaucratic response we are working on it in an expedited manner, you are talking about a gap in terrorist watch lists. You are saying you are working on it?    Mr. Katko. The point is, and I ask you to take it back to your supervisors, and we are going to make the point crystal clear to them, and actually Mr. Rogers and I have made it clear to him again and again and so have many others here, the fact remains, TSA is not responding in a timely manner to seemingly very important issues.    As it stands right now, were it not for the IG report, I highly doubt that we would be any closer to getting access to the TIDE database because the TIDE database identified 73 people you didn't know about that may have had ties to terrorism. Your determination whether or not they have ties to terrorism is an internal thing that we will take a look at. But the bottom line is it needs to be more quickly done. We cannot have a bureaucratic morass in charge of guarding our airports. We just can't.    With that, I will yield back questioning to the Ranking Member, Miss Rice.    Miss Rice. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Ms. Grover, you mentioned something in your testimony about how the TSA is not qualified as a law enforcement agency which limits the ability for them to get relevant information regarding someone's background. Is that a change that needs to be made to expand the databases that TSA would have access to to ensure that the vetting can be as thorough and complete as possible?    Mr. Katko. Thank you, Miss Rice. The Chair now recognizes Mr. Rogers from Alabama for questions he may have.    Mr. Katko. All right, just for the record, that hurts me because I am a lawyer.    Mr. Katko. Thank you, Mr. Rogers. The Chair now recognizes Mr. Payne from New Jersey for questioning.    Mr. Katko. Thank you, Mr. Payne. The Chair now recognizes Mr. Ratcliffe from Texas for questioning.    Mr. Katko. Thank you, Mr. Ratcliffe.    I now recognize the gentleman from Massachusetts, Mr. Keating, for 5 minutes of questioning.    Mr. Katko. Thank you, Mr. Keating.    The Chair now recognizes Mr. Carter from Georgia for 5 minutes of questioning.    Mr. Katko. Well, thank you, Mr. Carter. I think the committee shares your frustration, and that is why we had something else scheduled for today here on passenger rail safety and surface transportation safety, but instead we chose to have this hearing.    I want to juxtapose TSA's turtle-like response to seemingly serious problems with what the committee has done. We found out about this less than a week ago. We are having a committee hearing today, and we are marking up a bill to fix this problem right after this hearing.    So the point is, if you have issues, and you need things done, I highly encourage TSA to come to us, because we can give you legislative fixes to things instead of waiting a year to negotiate or hope to get something while the security lapse--securities gaps continue.    Now, I note TSA is working on issues and trying to fix things. Let me tell what you TSA is doing in the mean time.    We had a problem with PreCheck. Our PreCheck bill is going to be introduced next week, or in the next couple of weeks, to deal with expanding, revamping the PreCheck Program and having it being run properly, because they have concluded that it was not. Part of the PreCheck was called Managed Inclusion, we take people out of nonsecure lines and put them into PreCheck because--for keeping to our passengers' flow. That is not right, and that is going to be fixed. Mr. Thompson is introducing a bill regarding that. We have access control and screening issues at airports to employees that are absolutely, positively abysmal. When people are having guns on airplanes, when people are dealing dope out of the Oakland Airport, it is a problem. It can't wait for discussions. We are going to fix that. We are introducing a screening bill next month that is going to fix that.    We also have many other things we are going to be working on. I can tell you going forward, I highly encourage TSA to work with us and not just close ranks and say, we are working, looking into the issue. It is now a year after you found out that your employees were not getting checked against a database, and a year after people started requesting that information happen, and they are still spinning their wheels. That can't happen.    You are entrusted with our Nation's security, our children's security, like Mr. Carter said, and we need to do a better job, we just flat out need to do a better job, and it starts with leadership.    It took us months of begging the President just to appoint a successor for TSA. That is unacceptable in such an important agency. So I can tell you one thing going forward, we are not going to wait for things to happen. We are going to legislate, and we are going to fix these things, because we can't wait for these things to be fixed.    Mr. Roth, I encourage you to keep doing what you are doing. You are doing a superb job at keeping us informed and exposing issues that need to be taken care of. I know it is a lot of work. I can tell you, Ms. Grover, too, what you are doing is critically important to the safety of our country. I applaud both of you and your agencies and your staffs for what you are doing, so keep it up.    Now, with that I want to thank the witnesses for their testimony and the Members for their questions. The Members of the committee may have some additional questions for the witnesses, and we will ask your response to these in writing. The hearing will be held open for 10 days without objection. The committee stands adjourned, but I will note that we are going right to mark up in about 15 minutes after a break, and we are going to have these bills out of committee today, hopefully, and then through the full committee next week and on the floor for a vote. That is how it should be done.