    Mr. Schied. Good morning, Chairman Barletta, Ranking Member Carson. Thank you for the opportunity to appear before you today to discuss CBP's role and efforts to provide modern, efficient, and effective land ports of entry facilities in support of our mission to secure and facilitate trade and travel into the United States.    Alongside the General Services Administration, CBP facilities management and engineering directorate oversees the repair and modernization of CBP's inspectional facilities at our 167 land border crossings along the U.S. border with Canada and Mexico.    Most of the land ports of entry were built prior to the creation of the Department of Homeland Security and CBP. When they were designed and built to support the distinct and independent operation of pre-DHS agencies such as the U.S. Customs Service, Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service, and the Immigration and Naturalization Service.    Today, CBP consolidated operations incorporate state-of-the-art technology and professional law enforcement personnel to maintain the efficient and secure flow of cross-border trade and travel. Operational success depends on the condition and utility of our inspectional facilities. As distinct from the conventional office environment, these facilities are unique and critical to CBP's mission success.    Today I would like to discuss CBP's role in addressing infrastructure demand and modernized inspection facilities to meet the challenge of growing volumes of trade and travel.    Many of the Nation's land port of entries were built more than 70 years ago. Even those constructed as recently as 15 years ago require renovation or replacement to meet present-day security standards, enforcement and facilities technologies, and the growing demand for additional processing capacity.    Trade between the United States and Mexico has expanded nearly sixfold, from $100 billion in 1993 to $531 billion last year, with similar increases in trade with Canada. During the same period, capital investment in the land port of entry facilities that process this trade and travel have averaged less than $90 million a year. This historic insufficiency in investment has led to a compounding current investment need estimated to be about $5 billion.    A study performed by the University of California Center for Risk and Economic Analysis of Terrorism Events, or CREATE, showed that an investment in constructing and staffing a single new vehicle processing lane at a port can translate to as much as $25 million in positive economic value.    CBP uses a multistep process to prioritize land port of entry modernization investments. In coordination with key State and Federal and local stakeholders, we assess individual needs at each facility. This assessment process is the underpinning of our prioritization process. It is metrics driven, its purpose is to identify candidate locations most in need of improvement.    In addition to this assessment, numerous other factors come into play. These include factors such as environmental, cultural, and historic preservation, land acquisition requirements, the impact on other projects in the same geographic area, and other project risks, including the likelihood of obtaining funds. After our assessment, we collaborate with GSA's Public Building Service to jointly develop a prioritized capital investment plan, and we update it annually to ensure that the available Federal funding is directed to the areas of greatest need.    CBP actively participates in regional border planning efforts and works in close coordination with regional transportation groups. We look carefully at each port's activity and its regional context, and we work with State and local stakeholders to determine where and what kind of inspection facilities are needed, both now and in the future.    In addition to traditional funding streams, thanks to the support of Congress, CBP has recently received the authority to enter into partnerships with the private sector and local government entities to accept donations of real and personal property. This authority provides CBP and GSA the opportunity to consider donations and proposals to address local port of entry infrastructure needs that might not otherwise be addressed. These donations are expected to reduce border wait times, support increased flow and volume of traffic, create jobs, and address critical needs.    Last year CBP and GSA selected three proposals for further planning and development. This spring we expect to announce additional selections, and we look forward to continuing to work with our partners for the shared goal.    In closing, thank you again, Chairman Barletta and Ranking Member Carson, for the opportunity to testify. And thank you for the interest and support of port of entry projects. And I am happy to answer your questions.    Mr. Schied. So thank you. So CBP is--we get the timeframe for these projects, we work within our appropriations process to make sure that the requisite number of staff get included in CBP's budget request. CBP's--Congress generously provided a couple of years ago 2,000 additional officers for CBP. We have had a certain challenge hiring those officers, but we are making substantial progress to hiring up to the congressional floor.    And in the future, as these major projects come on, especially the types such as San Ysidro, we will work into our budget request the staffing so that we can keep those lanes open. Obviously, having the lanes open is critical to the effective use of that facility.    Mr. Schied. I think, from the CBP perspective, one of the critical elements that we look at is the operational utility of the potential donation. I think as you, Chairman, mentioned in your opening statement, the long-term cost of these facilities is going to be in operations and maintenance, and particularly the staffing. So something that might be free, if it expands our capacity beyond and we are having to rob Peter to pay Paul from an operational standpoint, then we have got to be careful about what it is that we accept.    I think, as we go through these processes, you know, from our first round of donations, I think we saw--the ones that we accepted were relatively modest projects. I think a common theme of them is that they improved operational efficiency at the ports of entry, and I think that is exactly the kind of project or projects that we are looking for.    Mr. Schied. Certainly. So I would venture to say that 15 years ago there was very little in terms of design standards for the ports of entry. I think that has been one of the successes between the relationship with CBP and DHS--or CBP and GSA, that in the past 10 years or so we have identified standards for ports of entry.    From CBP's perspective, that is of interest because we like to have a certain degree of interchangeability in the facilities. Officers will move from facility to facility, even within a particular day. And so, having a certain standardization is helpful for us from that standpoint. Certainly for the projects that we own, we find that it is more economical to be able to build off of a particular standard, rather than essentially recreating each project from scratch.    Mr. Schied. I don't have much to add. Obviously, one of the important--more so, I think, than coordination with the Department of State, from an international standpoint, is with the counterparts in the foreign government, just to make sure that any changes to the American side of the infrastructure are in--generally, in concert with ongoing projects on either the Canadian or Mexican side.