    Mr. Davis. Thank you, Madam Chairman.    Before I go into the questions I had, I just want to piggyback on something that my colleague Mr. Nugent was talking about with this email. We are concerned. That email was very, very specific.    How many, on average, emails like that do you get a day?    Mr. Davis. About threats.    Mr. Davis. So you don't get specific emails like that?    Mr. Davis. A year?    Mr. Davis. But, Chief, you don't get a lot of specific ones like Doug Hughes is flying a gyrocopter today on the Capitol lawn, right?    Mr. Davis. All right. Well, that is the first time I have seen that email in our packets, and it is specific enough to, I think, warrant some issues.    That went to the public information officer, correct? Is that a generic account or did that go to somebody that monitors that on a regular basis?    Mr. Davis. Did that lieutenant immediately turn that information around?    Mr. Davis. But still you mentioned in your testimony, you mentioned here today in the questions that you didn't learn about this until it was happening.    Mr. Davis. So we did miss a little bit of the time line. Has that PIO been notified that you may want to act a little more quickly on such specific information?    Mr. Davis. Is that PIO going to be disciplined?    Mr. Davis. Okay. And it gets to my main point. Look, we understand, I will bet you common sense will prevail and no officer will ever leave a firearm in a toilet cover dispenser again in the Capitol Complex, we will likely not see many gyrocopters try and land on the lawn, because we are reactive. Hopefully, you didn't have to put a specific provision in your training manual about not leaving firearms in toilet cover dispensers.    But that is a reaction. What is the Capitol Police doing to be more proactive? What can we do to simplify the contact process so that all of us on Capitol Hill understand what has actually happened? What can we do, what can you do as the Capitol Police to simplify the notification process when you get a specific email like my colleague Mr. Nugent just read to the committee? How do we make things more simple so that we don't just have you come in to react to a certain situation or in this case multiple situations?    Mr. Davis. So you fixed those certain situations to react to the gyrocopter incidents and the leaving firearms in certain facilities incidents.    Are there any other issues that you are looking at overall within the Capitol Police to be more proactive, to maybe look at simplifying your protocols and your training methods to ensure that we don't even have these situations again?    Mr. Davis. Well, Chief, it looks like my time has expired, but let me end by saying this. I hope you understand that all of us around this committee, we want to work with you. I am brand new to the committee, unlike my colleagues, who mentioned earlier that they haven't had a chance to really work with you. But we are all here to be an asset to what you are trying to do.    The men and women who protect this Capitol Complex and the tourists who come and visit on a regular basis do a great job. We want to help you help them and help you succeed in your job. So use us to be helpful, use us to help create more proactive procedures and policies. And I look forward to working with you. Thank you.