    Mr. Atizado. Mr. Chairman, Members of the Subcommittee, on behalf of the 1.3 million wartime ill and injured veterans of the DAV, I want to thank you for allowing us to testify today.    You had asked to examine VA's plan to consolidate certain authorities that it uses to purchase care in the community into the proposed new Veterans Choice Program. You also asked us to assess whether the proposed eligibility criteria to access the new VCP are sufficient to increase access to care among veteran patients.    The way we see it, Mr. Chairman, we believe VA's entire plan will increase access to care, no doubt. Whether it is sufficient, though, will remain to be seen.    So, for example, the plan proposes to continue the existing geographic and temporal eligibility criteria of the current Veterans Choice Program as well as the availability of services criteria currently utilized in other authorities such as dialysis and PC3 contracts as well as the now defunct fee-basis care.    All these criteria have their own limitations and vulnerabilities from veteran patients' perspective in allowing them to access care in the community. Now, on a system level, these criteria would continue to administratively separate the new VCP from the VA health care system which we believe does not foster full integration and limits the performance of these networks to the detriment of veteran patients.    Under the separated construct, Mr. Chairman, we recommend serious consideration that eligibility to use the new VCP should mirror the current eligibility for VA health care giving the highest priority to service-connected veterans.    However, DAV also believes clinical decisions about when and where and with who to receive care is one that should be between a veteran and his or her doctor without bureaucrats or regulations getting in that way.    Under this construct, all of VA's authorities are consolidated and its medical benefits package reflects what is generally available and acceptable in the private sector. The seamless integration of community care into the VA health care system would be able to provide a full continuum of care.    From a veteran patient's perspective, the future VA health care system with the integrated VCP should be responsive to the decisions between veterans and their providers. Veterans should be able to choose among the options within VA in the new Veterans Choice Program network and schedule appointments that are most convenient for them.    For emergency and urgent care coverage, we applaud VA for including them in its plan. In fact, DAV had specifically urged the inclusion of urgent care into VA's medical benefits package and to better integrate emergency care with the overall health care delivery system.    However, there is nothing more glaring that will deter appropriate access to emergency and urgent care in the community as the plan's imposition of co-payment to all veterans with little relief. VA clearly knows the value of ERs and urgent care clinics and their appropriateness as clinical settings because it owns and operates them in VA facilities across the country.    If certain veterans do not pay co-payments today when receiving VA emergency and urgent care, we question why VA's imposition of co-payments to all veterans who receive similar care in the community. Simply put, if the future VA health care system with the integrated new Veterans Choice Program are unresponsive to the medical needs of veteran patients, why should veterans be penalized with a co-payment for a health care delivery system's shortcomings?    At the very least, service-connected veterans should not face greater restriction in the future VA health care system when accessing care in the community.    Finally, Mr. Chairman, we understand the scope of the consolidated plan is limited. However, we do caution Congress and the Administration on this fragmented approach to providing veterans timely access to care in the community.    If Congress intends to increase veterans' access to high-quality care across a continuum of care including care in the community, not addressing gaps and inconsistencies in VA's plan, in VA's medical benefits package as it sits against all available services in the community, we believe that VA will assuredly continue certain fragmentations of care that veterans experience today into the future.    Veterans could be left unassisted across different providers and care settings fostering frustrating and unsafe patient experiences leading to medical errors, waste, and duplication that foster poor overall quality of care.    You have our commitment, Mr. Chairman, that DAV stands ready to work both with you, the Congress, and VA to ensure veterans have ready access to high-quality care both in VA and in the community.    Mr. Chairman, thank you for your time and attention and for the opportunity to present this testimony. I would be pleased to answer any questions you or Members on the Subcommittee may have. Thank you.    Mr. Atizado. Sure, Mr. Chairman. I think first and foremost, what has to be said is where we come from which is from the patient's perspective. This plan really comes from a systems perspective, from the providers' perspective.    And what we are trying to say is, in order to simplify eligibility and to ease access to care, whether it is in VA or in the community, there should really just be one eligibility criteria. Once you are enrolled in VA, you should have the option to use VA or the community, whichever is most convenient for the patient.    As it relates to the doctors' recommendation, unfortunately, as you had mentioned, these criteria are really cost-containment measures. And we understand that. It is a feature of the health care system today, and most likely, will remain a feature in the future VA health care system.    But by and large, the approach in the plan really is to disincentivize or make harder accessing care in the community. We think it should be the other way around. The plan should incentivize veterans to use VA, not disincentivize them from using the community. The plan should simplify accessing care as patients see it. It is very simple.    Mr. Atizado. And our proposal really does that. Once you are in, you are in.    Mr. Atizado. Mr. Huelskamp, thank you for that question.    I guess I think the first thing we need to recognize is that the Choice Program really is a pilot program. It is a temporary measure that was meant to address an access issue. The administrative rules as it relates to the law that was passed adds to that confusion.    I do understand from Ranking Member Brownley's question that whether or not the networks are, in fact, meeting the need is a two-way street, you know. TRIWEST and Health Net have in my estimation tried to do a tremendous job in creating a national network in so many months and not having the appropriate description of demand from the VA health care system makes that job a little bit harder.    I do believe that network is working much better now. They are increasing appointments at an incremental rate. But the administrative burden for providers to join any kind of network is inherent, right? If we want providers to be of a certain quality, they have to meet certain standards. Whether that be Medicare, so be it.    Part of the provider agreement authority legislation that this Subcommittee has been wrestling with is that. Who are the providers we would want our veterans to seek care from? We can make that as hard or as simple as possible, but that really is a feature that is within our control.    Mr. Atizado. I will give you a good example, Congressman Ruiz. Veterans need home and community-based services. The Choice Program does not allow VA facilities or doctors no matter how clinically appropriate it is to use Choice money to buy home and community-based services.    In fact, only home and community-based services as we all know is a cheaper alternative to institutional care, less expensive, more veteran-centric. It is skilled nursing care. That is it. Out of all the home and community-based services that veterans can receive that VA can provide under existing law, that is it.    Mr. Atizado. Congressman Ruiz, what we mean by clinically-based decisions is when veterans get to access the community care network. The way the plan is and even the Choice plan as it stands, it really requires veterans to, one, enroll in the VA health care system and then, two, be eligible for the Choice Program or even this new Choice Program. So it is really two separate eligibility criteria to begin with.    Mr. Atizado. I agree with you, Congressman Ruiz. Yes, primary care is integral in coordination with care, but primary care is not all.    Mr. Atizado. And it never will be all. And you are right. Urgent care has a place. There is an appropriate setting for seeking care in that. And we don't think veterans should be penalized because that is the appropriate setting for care.    Mr. Atizado. I couldn't really tell you, Mr. Bilirakis. That is actually a very good question. I believe the eligibility for dental care as strict as it is already, getting it in the community is par for the course for VA when you are eligible for dental care.    But, you know, that question really goes to a much larger issue which is, as good as VA's plan is as a first step towards creating an integrated community health care system that is integrated in the VA health care system, it is a good first step.    The issue is it is not comprehensive enough. In other words, the authorities that the VA looked at to create its plan is not all its purchase care authorities. It is some of it.    And those other parts that is not included in this plan which could very well not be included in the solution or the next iteration of Choice, as I mentioned in our testimony, if you carry that forward, you will still have fragmented care, whether that be dental care or home and community-based services or specialty care. There are other purchase care authorities that VA has and uses that is not part of this plan.    Mr. Atizado. Well, a good example would be if you were in the high plains, cardiologists. Here in D.C., a dermatologist. It really depends on what is available in the community.    Mr. Atizado. And it can vary widely. The Merritt Hawkins survey, that kind of shows that actually.    Mr. Atizado. Mr. Coffman, so this shared decision is really what we are talking about. When a veteran meets their primary care provider, hopefully it's a VA primary care provider, that discussion should go something like this. Well, it looks like, sir, that you have this condition, here are your options. I prefer as a provider you go down this route, but these are options of therapies that you can use to deal with this issue. Well, that is great, Doctor. I tell you what, I would rather go this route, I would rather take this option. Where can I get that care?    That is the kind of decision-making we are talking about. The network should be responsive to that--    Mr. Atizado. Sure.    Mr. Atizado. Okay, let me give you a straight answer. There is no one.    Mr. Atizado. It really depends on--    Mr. Atizado. I was in the Navy, sir.    Mr. Atizado. If they are capable in making that kind of a decision, yes.    Mr. Atizado. Congressman Wenstrup, the idea that calling private providers non-VA providers is a little bit of a misnomer. That really talks to not the quality of care that private providers are able to provide, it doesn't talk about their--what it really talks about is the kind of care VA provides.    VA is a health care system unlike any other health care system in this country. Its dependencies stretch beyond the walls of a hospital or a CBOC. It has to work with VBA, NCA, IHS, rural community health centers. It is part of a social support ecosystem.    Mr. Atizado. I understand there should be that link. So whether you call it a VA provider or not, the recognition has to be that the VA provides a different kind of care, that it has different responsibilities. It has a teaching mission, it has a research mission, it has all sorts of--