    Mr. Womack. Thank you.    I want to pick up--before I go to a couple of my prepared questions, I want to go back and pick up on Chairman Rogers' discussion on the mandatory side.    So, since we didn't have a presentation, Director Donovan, before the Budget Committee, on which I proudly serve, maybe we could go back and just revisit some numbers in response to his questions.    One, what does the gross Federal debt of the U.S. Government balloon to in the 10-year window?    Mr. Womack. So let me stop you. Just a minute.    Mr. Womack. I have very limited time. I have very limited time, Director.    So only in Washington and only from the Office of Management and Budget could we see the gross Federal debt go from $19 trillion today to--and let me help you with the number; it is fresh on my mind--even with $3 trillion worth of tax increases, $26 trillion in the 10-year window. Now, forget the percentage of the economy. In many respects, that is kind of a fairytale around here. But only here can we go from $19 trillion in gross Federal debt to $26 trillion and somebody in this administration talk about how it is going down.    So let me ask you this. What is the net interest on the debt based on the projections of interest rates, if there is such a thing, over the 10-year window? Today it is, in round numbers, $225 billion or $230 billion a year. So what does it go to in the 10-year window, Mr. Director?    Mr. Womack. Well, let me help you with the number. Even with tax increases, it balloons to more than $700 billion a year.    What do we spend on national defense? With OCO----    Mr. Womack. $500-and-some-odd billion, plus some OCO money. So let's just round it to $600 billion.    In the budget that was presented to this Congress by this President, we were going to take the net interest on the debt from an alarming rate of $225 billion or $230 billion today to nearly $800 billion in the 10-year window. And if you take out tax increases, it is nearly a trillion dollars of interest.    How can you sit here with a straight face and tell this committee in response to questions about what we know to be the true drivers of the deficits and the debt in this country--mandatory spending--that this President has done anything but lead on how we are going to get our arms around this phenomenon? How can you sit here and say that?    Mr. Womack. These are CBO's numbers I am looking at.    Mr. Womack. All right. I am glad you mentioned health care, because I agree with you that it is the principal driver of the deficits and the debt as we now know it.    So at about what year--and I know you have looked at these numbers. At about what year, based on 18 percent of GDP in average revenues--that is about what we see, 18, plus or minus--at what year is there no money left for discretionary spending at all, no money at all for this committee to appropriate? At what year does that happen because mandatory programs consume all of it?    Mr. Womack. What year?    Mr. Womack. What year?    Mr. Womack. I know that the President wants to raise a lot of taxes. What I find incomprehensible as a Member of Congress--because I sat with my colleagues on the floor of that House when the President gave his State of the Union address and talked for 70 minutes, and not one time did he dedicate any leadership from that podium on what we are going to try to do to get our arms around the mandatory spending that is bankrupting this country.    That is the kind of leadership that I think we should expect out of the President, and that is leadership that I think is lacking in the budget proposal.    Mr. Womack. We are probably not going to agree on that one.    And I yield back my time.    Mr. Womack. Director, you are a good man, I like you, we have had conversations in the past. But your attempts to sugarcoat this budget and its projections for the future on behalf of the administration that I know you work for is just a sad abdication of responsibility for the challenges we are facing as a country.    Chairman Rogers, my colleagues Mr. Womack, Mr. Graves, and others have really laid out some very specific concerns. And what we have gotten into is a debate, which we see all the time in Washington, D.C., about historical discussions about who is wrong and who is right, and we have really no optimism for where we are going for the future.    So I want to take our conversation to what we can do to work together to solve some of these problems going forward, because where we are headed is not a rosy situation.    Now, when you look at where we have come from, the $10 trillion to $20 trillion, that is a huge deficit increase--or huge debt increase, and no one gets a pat on the back for that. We know that if we had adopted every one of the President's budgets, our government would be 20 percentage larger today.    And so we know that we have reduced a bad situation to not as bad as it could have been. And maybe that may be the motto of what is going on in Washington these days, is things could be worse. But things need to get a whole lot better, and I know you know that. And I know that you know this budget doesn't really pass the smell test.    When you look at what is driving the costs--and we have had this discussion, sort of a straw man from the ranking member about mindless austerity, manufactured crisis--you both had that conversation. I mean, what the House has tried to do is to really shed light on and be honest with the American people about where we are going. And when you look at automatic spending, you look at the pie charts, you know, in 1965 it was 34 percent, in 2015 it is 68 percent, it is headed to 78 percent. Mr. Womack asked when it would be 100 percent. We don't know the answer to that, but it is really bad, and it is crowding out investment.    So I really pushed hard in the last budget to increase the President's budget request on NIH from $1 billion up to $2 billion. I sent a letter with a bunch of my colleagues, many folks here, to try to get to $3 billion, and we can't get there because the White House has other priorities or because we are being crowded out by mandatory spending.    I have a 3-year-old daughter--I am sorry--a 2-year-old daughter, a 3-month-old daughter. We all have children, we all have grandchildren, people that we are worried about. And I guess my questions for you are: As we go forward, what do we tell them? And when can we tell our children that the American budget will be balanced if we adopt the President's budget submission?    Mr. Womack. I concur with the chairman, and I have an enormous amount of respect for the ranking member. We have had a lot of discussions, disagree on baseball and many other things. And I have an enormous amount of respect for Shaun Donovan, and I want the record to reflect that. I think the conversation we are having is healthy, and the country needs more of it.    I wasn't around politics in the 1960s when two-thirds of the Federal budget was the kind of government that we speak of here today. Mrs. Lowey talked very articulately about investment of the Federal dollar in projects that stimulate growth and development in our country, what we are doing in our harbors and in our waterways, building roads and bridges. Those are the kinds of things--I was a mayor--these are the kinds of things that the Federal Government does that helps give us a basis for economic development that creates jobs and opportunity for a lot of people.    I just know today that the percentage of money out of our Federal budget that is dedicated to discretionary spending, the government as we know it, is getting thinner and thinner, and it is putting a lot of pressure on these things, including national security, and that gives me a great deal of concern.    And when I pressed the Director about the date that all of our money goes to mandatory spending, it is somewhere out around 2030, 2035, in that timeframe, which is not very far away, and we have to be addressing these issues.    So, Mr. Donovan, thanks for your patience over the last several minutes. I am sure you were beginning to wonder if your presence was even needed any longer. But I want to go back to a couple of things and seek your input.    I want to go to paperwork reduction, because we know the regulatory burdens facing our country today are pretty intense, and I know what the PRA was designed to do. I am concerned a little bit that Federal agencies are using the generic clearances process to avoid the requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act, as you know, enacted to minimize information collection burdens, maximize quality of information collected.    While OMB has recognized that in certain instances a Federal agency should not have to comply with the PRA's full requirements, these instances are limited. They consist of situations where there is a need for multiple similar low-burden collections that do not raise substantive or policy issues or specifics of each collection cannot be determined until shortly before the data are to be collected.    OMB has provided three examples in which generic clearance is appropriate: customer satisfaction surveys, focus group testing, and Web site usability surveys. Even though generic clearances are not allowed for collections that raise substantive or policy issues, I understand that CFPB, as an example, has used generic clearance process to collect data on topics that it intends to issue rules on. For example, overdraft.    Is it appropriate for an agency to collect information under a generic clearance process that will be used as part of its rulemaking?    Mr. Womack. OK. Well, let me ask, maybe not for the benefit of the CFPB, which is kind of the driver of this particular question, but what steps does OMB take to prevent agencies within your jurisdiction from abusing the generic clearance process?    Mr. Womack. Is the Paperwork Reduction Act having the desired effects? Could it be enhanced? Could it be better?    Mr. Womack. I thank the Director.    I have one other question, Mr. Chairman, that I am not going to ask. I will submit it for the record. A lot of attention has been given to the fiduciary rule, and I do have a question regarding it, but I will submit it for the record so as to be respectful of everyone's time.    Mr. Womack. I thank the gentleman for his work, his testimony today, and also for his previous work at HUD. Thank you so much for having a good, spirited, and constructive debate today. Thank you so much.    Mr. Womack. I yield back.    Mr. Womack. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Chairman White, always great to see you. Thank you for your service. Last year, when you were with us, I spoke briefly to market structure, particularly when it came to errors or glitches such as the ``flash crash,'' which was then addressed through the working groups established by both the Depository Trust and Clearing Corporation and the New York Stock Exchange.    If I recall, you touched on the regulation SCI, but it is my understanding that industry group suggestions may have been more comprehensive. I would like to follow up by seeing if we could get the list that I had previously requested, noting which of these recommended changes by the DTCC and the Stock Exchange have been implemented by the SEC, and why or why not, if that is possible.    Mr. Womack. Let's have a staff-to-staff follow-up.    Mr. Womack. I appreciate that, still focusing on structure, particularly the National market system planned governance. You may know that there is a discussion draft in the House put forward by my colleague from Virginia, Mr. Hurt.    This legislation would install broker-dealer representation on the operating committees of the National market system plan, such as a consolidated audit trail, tick size pilot, and so on. What would be the downside of having broader industry participation in the development and operation of these critical market utilities?    Mr. Womack. Yeah, and then, just a parting comment. In your testimony, you note that volume and equity markets have drastically changed over the years, but so have other major aspects, such as exchanges moving from not-for-profit and member-owned-for-profit, and publicly-traded. This would seem to emphasize needs for reform, yet countering the exchange evolution, it is often cited that indirect participation in NMS governances available through advisory committee membership.    With that said, I would note that advisory committee members are most often given little actual voice, citing among other things, the fact that much meaningful business is done in executive sessions, from which, I know you are aware, advisory members are excluded. I believe that the SEC has the ability to positively affect this governance structure already, separate from broad reforms. But if need be, Congress, of course, will continue to weigh in. So, thank you very much for your testimony and again for your service. And Chairman, I yield back.