    Mr. Takano. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And thank you for calling this hearing. I will be brief. We are here today to assess the effectiveness of the Vocational Rehabilitation and Employment Program, which has seen many changes and attempts at reform over the past few years, but which will be increasingly important in the lives of American servicemembers as they transition to veteran status, not as a result of the drawdown of forces from Afghanistan. I, and I am sure others on the committee, are here to find out, are eligible veterans accessing the program; what are the measurable results; are the program's full-time employee resources adequate to handle the number of servicemembers that will result from the drawdown of active duty forces from Afghanistan; and as VBA continues to make progress in whittling down the disability claims backlog. And I am pleased to hear the chairman and the majority express concern about the flatline in the President's budget with regard to counselors. We should really find out if our counselor capacity is adequate.    What is the status of efforts to improve IT for the program and to integrate it into VBMS? What is the status of the six recommendations made by the GAO in its study of the program a year and a half ago? And finally, how well are the VA and the DOL working together to ensure that any veteran who is able and eager to work finds meaningful employment?    So I appreciate the witnesses being here this morning to help us answer these questions, and I do look forward to their testimony. Thank you, and I yield back.    Mr. Takano. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And I, again, thank you for calling this hearing.    Mr. Takano. Meglathery. You mentioned about the problem of the awareness of benefits. This came up in one of my pre-meetings with the VA folks. One of the things I am troubled by is the Federal Government's ability to--not just in the VA--to make citizens aware of what they are eligible for.    Do we have an idea of how we can do a better job of connecting with veterans in need of VR&E services?    Mr. Takano. So you are saying that servicemembers are more versed in the GI Bill and don't know about the VR&E services?    Mr. Takano. So you are saying that though TAP is VR&E benefits are not getting through to service members. I understand that to qualify you have to have a certain level of disability, and I'm asking whether vets are they aware at that point in the TAP process of the rating requirement? Does that come later?    Mr. Takano. Let me hear from some of the other panelists on this access issue and particularly how it relates to the veterans getting information about VR&E services.    Mr. Takano. And if you are a vet, particularly with PTS can all of this information be a problem?    Mr. Takano. So is it the case that a TAP orientation is not done for the medical separations?    Mr. Takano. So if you are being medically separated as opposed to going through the regular separation process, is there a TAP process for those being medically separated?    Mr. Takano. Specialized how?    Mr. Takano. A variation of it.    Mr. Takano. Okay. All right.    Mr. Chairman, I yield back.    Mr. Takano. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I have heard that the average level of disability rating for VR&E participants is around 60 percent. Does that sound right to you, more or less? I mean, it is not like there are people--that most people in the program are at 10 percent or 20 percent disability. People come to VR&E with significant disability ratings, service-related. Is that right? I mean, it is around 60 percent?    Mr. Takano. Yes. So I just want to make sure the committee understands what we are dealing with here.    And the other thing is that the turnover rate among the counselors, what do we know about that turnover rate? Do you have a stat on that?    Mr. Takano. You can obtain that? Okay. I would be interested to know, because, obviously, it is intuitive that the more stable the rate is, and the more that the servicemember or the veteran can stick with one counselor, I think the better outcome is going to be. If the counselor leaves, that is just another bump in the road, a challenge for that vet.    I would love to see this roundtable happen, because I think this idea of the connections between the private sector employers who want to do this, who want to help, and to be able to get in the minds of those private sector employers where they can go, who they can register with to show availability. This matchmaking, doesn't necessarily happen instantaneously. It may take us time to develop that veteran for employability, but to work with that employer that will take--wants to work with somebody who may have lost a limb or--that is a challenge I think we should be able to solve.    I want to ask a question about--as a point of clarification. You say that the benefits under the 9/11 GI Bill and the VR&E benefits, they are not able to simultaneous use them, but they can be used sequentially, correct? You can be deemed entitled to VR&E benefits, use those benefits, but then potentially use your GI benefits afterwards; is that correct?    Mr. Takano. One of the things I have been concerned about with post-9/11 GI Bill benefits, is that I know that we have enormous numbers of people in the general population that cannot meaningfully, access, community college. I am not talking about veterans. Up to 70, 80 percent, of all incoming students lack the ability to place into college level English or math.    Now, if you are using GI Bill benefits, you have to be enrolled full-time in order to get your housing stipend. And if you don't get into a college level math or college level English course, you are not taking actual credit bearing classes and, therefore, you can't meaningfully access your GI Bill benefits, and we don't pay for the remedial education. And I am not someone who believes everyone should go to college, necessarily.    You can go into training programs, I am wondering on the VR&E side, what happens to veterans that may not have the skill levels yet to place into college level math or English? I mean, they may have such a disability because they never attained the college level readability. Do we have a way to provide--does the current law allow us to provide developmental education for that vet under VR&E?    Mr. Takano. Right. For many of the folks, they need to be able to be more in a more educated vocation than not.    Mr. Takano. Okay. Thank you.    Mr. Takano. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Kammerer, you are familiar with Vet Success on Campus, that program?    Mr. Takano. The counselors work with the veterans that are actually on the campuses, correct? And do you know if they are able to connect students that might be eligible for VR&E services with those services?    Mr. Takano. I can imagine this is a pretty key point of contact for those veterans, because they are going to the university or the community college. If there happens to be a VSOC counselor there, they likely make contact with that counselor. And if that counselor is able to get to know that student, the question is, are they able to refer them to VR&E if they might be eligible.    I want to know, is there a risk that service-connected disabled student veterans are going to school on the GI Bill, because when they went through TAP they may not have understood that they could be eligible for VR&E services? Is there a risk that they could miss out on opportunities and resources that are exclusive to VR&E? Can you comment more on that?    Mr. Takano. If they are pursuing their educational benefits under the GI Bill and they suddenly discover that they are having trouble succeeding in their course work, is the vet at that point able to go and seek eligibility under VR&E?    Mr. Takano. Great.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I yield back.